Dancing master and composer Dodworth's manual was originally published in 1885 and "new and enlarged" editions were reissued in 1888, 1900, 1902, and 1905. In this manual, Dodworth gives his perspective on fifty years of changes in social dance. The book covers the galop, racket, waltz, knickerbocker, bows, quadrilles, the minuet, Virginia reel, and two hundred fifty figures for the German (also known as the cotillon). The manual also includes an illuminating chapter directed toward dance musicians.
Describes the habitat, physical characteristics, and behavior of earthworms.
On the wintry day when her drama club has a mishap on the way to see a play in the city, Hillary is glad that she has bundled up in her warmest snow gear.
Best friends Lenny and Lucy each have a secret fear--Lucy is frightened by a TV monster, Lenny by spiders.
Through her great capacity to love, a kind and beautiful maid releases a handsome prince from the spell which has made him into an ugly beast.
Describes the physical characteristics, history, and behavior  of horses and discusses their interactions with humans.
Follows the life of the current president of the National Association for the Advancement  of Colored People from the gang-plagued streets of Baltimore, Maryland, to his position of leadership in Congress and among the African-American community.
Examines the history, geography, society, economy, and culture of Indonesia.
Text and maps present the location, topography, climate, population, industries, religions, languages, and currencies of Africa.
Discusses various issues regarding racism, including racial profiling, police brutality, stereotyping, White privilege, and the need for dialogue.
Discusses the history, daily lives, culture, religion, and conflicts of the Indians that lived in the Pacific Northwest.
Discusses the prison on Alcatraz Island, California, otherwise known as "The Rock," describing the cellhouse, the routine of prison life, inmates' leisure time, breaking prison rules, employee and family life, closing Alcatraz prison, and the island's future roles.
Discusses witches, including ancient witches; the years between 1450 and 1700 during which time people accused of being witches were violently persecuted; witchcraft today; and magic and spells.
Discusses all forms of assisted death, including physician-assisted suicide, and the medical, legal, and ethical controversies surrounding euthanasia.
Describes how to make many costumes and accessories out of everyday materials.
Explains how to make and decorate various items out of papier mache.
Details the life and work of Thomas Edison, who developed the electric light bulb and patents for numerous other inventions and innovations.
Based on the traditional English tale, Tattercoats, this novel follows the plight of the beautiful, neglected granddaughter of the Baron of Fisher Forest and her special friend, Malkin.
Discusses the Supreme Court trial which resulted from the decision of the New York Times newspaper to publish secret government documents about the Vietnam War.
A collection of familiar short moral tales.
Chronicles the life and achievements of the nation's second First Lady and advocate for women's rights.
While trying to earn money by shoveling snow so she can buy her mother a Christmas present, Carrie comes up with an idea for just the right gift.  Includes soup recipes.
On Parrot's first day of school, he learns a lesson about talking too much.
Describes the ball games of the Olympic Games and previews the athletic competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
A review of previous Olympic competitions and competitors in the field events and a preview of the 2000 Games in Sydney, Australia.
Describes the aquatic events of the Olympic Games and previews the athletic competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
When they are given the seemingly impossible task of turning thread into gold, the seven Ashanti brothers put aside their differences, learn to get along, and embody the principles of Kwanzaa. Includes information on Kwanzaa, West African cloth weaving, and instructions for making a belt.
Sixth grader Livvy prays for guidance when her grandmother's constant mothering threatens to interfere with Livvy's dream of becoming an Olympic skater.
Explains the functions of the different parts of the eye.
Explains the functions of the different parts of the ear.
A biography of Henriette Delille, the African American founder of the Sisters of the Holy Family, who dedicated her life to the service of slaves and those in need in nineteenth-century New Orleans.
Describes the gymnastic events of the Olympic Games and previews the athletic competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
Discusses the childhood, young adulthood, musical career, and death of Jimi Hendrix, considered by many to be the world's greatest rock-and-roll guitarist.
Describes the physical appearance, habits, hunting and mating behaviors, family life, and life cycle of the polar bear.
Demonstrates how waste paper is recycled into useful household products at the Marcal paper mill.
This first-person account of a trip to Zion National Park describes some of its outstanding features, including colorful canyons, the Virgin River, trails, and strange rock formations.
Explains the functions of the different parts of the nose.
Discusses haunted houses, including ghosts and apparitions, poltergeists, communicating with spirits, and investigating hauntings.
Examines one of the most celebrated murder trials in United States history, in which Lizzie Borden was accused of killing her father and stepmother with an axe.
A pictorial history of the universe that explains how all things are related--even a horse and an iron ball.
Profiles the life of the Texas governor, including his childhood, education, involvement in the military, personal life, business and outside interests, and campaign for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination.
Siri Sellin, one of the first human clones, writes a bitter memoir of her childhood as the daughter of a famous and self-absorbed composer.
Describes the sailing, rowing, and canoeing events of the Olympic Games and previews the athletic competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
Discusses unidentified flying objects, including sightings, the Roswell incident, alien abductions, and UFO-associated earthly phenomena.
When the farm animals seem to catch the flu one after another, a young boy does his best to take care of them.
Explains the meanings of percents and ratios, discusses calculation techniques, and includes many examples.
Introduces basic algebra, including integers and variables, explains problem solving techniques, and includes many examples.
When serial killer Hank Miller is killed in a shoot-out with police, his abused son Cameron adopts the identity of one of his father's victims in order to find a better life.
Explains how to add, subtract, multiply, and divide fractions and decimals; introduces estimating techniques; and includes many examples.
An introduction to Robert Cormier's book, "I am the Cheese," discussing the author's life, the impact of the book, plot, cast of characters, and literary criticism.
Describes in rhyme the activities of a young boy and his extended family as they share a special Thanksgiving.
Turtle and Snake are ready to decorate a Christmas tree but they first need to find the perfect tree.
Baby Duck follows a rubber ducky down waterfalls, through the woods, and far away from home, not realizing that he will have to find his own way back.
Recounts the life of the scientist whose theories of relativity revolutionized the way we look at space and time.
Gregory Groundhog and his shadow desperately look for each other after they become separated from one another just before their annual appearance on Groundhog Day.
While trying to improve his failing math grade in order to stay on the basketball team, Mickey learns a lesson about forgiveness.
Mickey has trouble balancing the needs of his friends, his efforts to train his dog, school work, and practice for the upcoming  championship basketball game.
Walter shows Iris how to make friends with his horse Rain, and in turn, Iris helps Walter deal with a problem at school.
Explains the various parts of the human skeleton and different types of muscles and their functions.
Describes the symptoms, causes, diagnosis, and treatment of asthma, as well as guidelines for living with the disease.
Explains the terms used for groups of birds, including parrots, cranes, and penguins and provides information on the group behavior of these creatures.
Explains the terms used for groups of insects, including ants, termites, flies, and grasshoppers and provides information on the group behavior of these creatures.
Suzie and her friends plant seeds in their garden and are surprised when the smallest seed produces the biggest, most beautiful tree. Includes a retelling of Jesus' parable of the mustard seed.
Discusses the history of the home of the United States president, including its location, design and construction, fire and rebuilding, renovations, and how it evolved into a modern residence.
Describes the climate, seasons, plants, animals, and soil of the boreal forest, a biome or land zone, which stretches across the northern parts of North America, Europe, and Asia.
Takes readers on a walk through a forest of trees that lose their leaves in the fall, showing examples of how the animals and plants depend on each other and their environment to survive.
Takes readers on a walk through a tropical rain forest, showing examples of how the animals and plants depend on each other and their environment to survive.
Takes readers on a walk in the tundra, showing examples of how the animals and plants of the tundra are connected and dependent on each other and the tundra's soil and climate.
Describes the climate, soil, plants, and animals of North American deserts and the ways in which the plants and animals depend on each other and their environment to survive.
Describes the climate, soil, seasons, plants, and animals of the North American prairie and the ways in which the plants and animals depend on each other and their environment to survive.
A young boy counts the candles on the family menorah and the lights he sees in the world around him on each night of Hanukkah. Includes information on the history and significance of the celebration.
Sixty short devotional readings introduce the biological sciences as indications of God's creativity and are accompanied by relevant scripture verses and suggested activities.
Nick, a deaf seventh grader, befriends a mysterious girl who is training and protecting a pack of valuable sheepdogs on her own.
Describes the physical characteristics, behavior, and life cycle of fireflies.
This first-person account of a trip to Yellowstone National Park describes some of its outstanding features, including fiery geysers, boiling mud pools, and diverse wildlife.
Describes the functions, characteristics, disorders, and care of skin and hair.
Describes the physical appearance, habits, hunting and mating behaviors, family life, and life cycle of the black bear.
In the course of one year, a jack-o-lantern, discarded after Halloween, decomposes in the backyard and eventually grows new pumpkins from its seeds.
On the day his father moves out of the house, Danny's teacher, friends, and family reassure him that his parents' divorce is not his fault.
Provides information about the fashion industry, common careers in fashion, and how to prepare for them.
Examines the life of the twentieth-century African-American singer and actor who spoke out against racism and injustice.
Traces the events, trends, and important people of the 1950s, including science, technology, politics, fashion, the arts, sports, and entertainment.
Examines the war crimes trial, in which Henry Wirz, the Confederate officer in charge of Andersonville Prison camp was accused of allowing the prisoners to be deliberately abused and neglected.
An illustrated collection of Vietnamese folktales with explantory notes following each story.
An illustrated collection of Christmas poems, songs, recipes, and traditions.
A charming kitten named Stella dances for the family who owns her, but as Stella grows up, she dances less and less, and everyone misses her dancing days--until she has six kittens of her own who all love to dance.
An African folktale about a mouse who pays close attention to her surroundings and avoids being tricked by the cat.
Presents a history of the tense, often combative, relations between Soviet Russia and the United States from the end of World War II to the fall of communism in 1989.
Marisol, who is bilingual, is sometimes overwhelmed when her Spanish-speaking family members and neighbors need her to translate for them.
Describes the functions of the different parts of the mouth.
A young witch searches for a creepy pet.
A retelling of the Christmas story as seen through the eyes of the youngest shepherd tending his flock. Includes a note about gift giving.
Traces the life and career of the Chinese Communist leader who brought reforms and international trade to China in the 1980s.
Sixteen-year-old Cooper regrets her decision to break up with Jason and jeopardizes her modeling career after sticking to her Christian beliefs during a risky photo shoot.
Provides information about distributing goods and services using middlemen, channels, modes of transportation, and the internet.
Brief stories and devotions examine the responsibilities, problems, and pleasures of friendship.
Examines the anatomy, habitat, behavior, life cycle, and legends of the torpedo-shaped fish.
Describes the causes, symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment of attention deficit disorder, as well as ways in which people live with it.
Discusses the symptoms, diagnosis, cause, and treatment of bipolar disorder, also known as manic depression, a mental illness that causes a person's moods to swing from happy and energized to extremely sad.
Describes the men and women who fought in the Vietnam War, the kind of war they fought, and the distress and difficulty they suffered on their return to the United States.
On Penguin's first day of play school, he won't share the slide with others until Crocodile teaches him a lesson.
Photographs and text describe step-by-step process by which teddy bears are made at the Vermont Teddy Bear Company.
A young boy describes himself as old enough to feed the fish, bold enough to hold a worm, and sweet enough to give a gift.
Discusses the symptoms, causes, diagnosis, and treatment of cystic fibrosis.
Examines the life of basketball star, Grant Hill, from his childhood in Virginia, through his years at Duke University, to his professional career with the Detroit Pistons.
Discusses this degenerative disease of the nervous system, its effect on the patient's family members, and suggestions for coping and care.
Discusses the different kinds of diabetes, their symptoms and proper treatment, as well as medical complications connected with this lifetime disease.
Discusses the cause, symptoms, and treatment of muscular dystrophy and examines research into treatment and a possible cure.
Describes the workings of the heart and the circulatory system and the array of ailments that can affect them, discussing symptoms, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment.
Examines events and opinions surround the case of United States v. Amistad, in which a group of Africans were put on trial for staging a revolt aboard the slave ship Amistad.
Examines all apects of teen privacy rights, from the history of this topic to how it came to be an issue. Also discusses the importance of knowing and exercising your rights.
A biography of the fifteenth-century peasant girl who led French armies at God's command, was burned at the stake as a heretic, and later canonized a saint by the Roman Catholic Church. Includes a prayer and glossary of terms.
When the residents of Midvale believe a phantom car is terrorizing their town, Sean and Melissa use Biblical teachings and detective skills to find the real culprit.
A biography of the legendary outlaw known as the Bandit Queen. Sidebars describe the history, daily life, and people of the Wild West.
With the support of her family and friends, DJ undertakes the long and difficult process of recovery from the serious burns she received while saving horses from a deadly fire, but she is afraid she may never ride again.
A young girl thinks that her mother is confused when she compares babies to such things as cookies, puppies, bread, tiger cubs, and sunshine.
A young badger pretends to be a pirate until it's time for supper.
Traces events leading up to and resulting from the December 7, 1941, Japanese attack on American battleships at Pearl Harbor, which brought the United States into World War II.
Suggested activities which engage the reader's imagination accompany prayers for bedtime.
A little girl devises a clever way to face her fears and discovers that she really doesn't have anything to be afraid of.
A rhyming counting book describing the daytime and nighttime activities of ten angels.
Recounts the courageous involvement of many young people who marched, protested, were arrested, and risked their lives to end racial discrimination in the South during the 1950s and 1960s.
Leads readers through the contemplation of who we are, what we know, what death is, and what true happiness is, focusing on the three fundamental things to remember every day in order to be happy.
Suzie and her friends bake a birthday cake for their teacher but forget an important ingredient. Includes a retelling of Jesus' parable about the yeast.
Discusses various Egyptian myths, including creation stories and histories of principal gods and goddesses, along with background information and discussion questions and answers.
Profiles prominent men and women of the civil rights movement, including Charles Houston, Ella Baker, Thurgood Marshall, Rosa Parks, Fannie Lou Hamer, Malcolm X, Martin Luther King, Jr., Andrew Young, Julian Bond, and Jesse Jackson.
Examines the 1967 Supreme Court Case in which the court ruled that juvenile courts cannot deprive children of certain rights guaranteed by the Constitution.
An introduction to the geography, history, culture, and people of Australia.
An introduction to the geography, history, culture, and people of the largest country in South America.
An introduction to the geography, history, culture, and people of China.
An introduction to the geography, history, culture, and people of Japan.
An introduction to the geography, history, culture, and people of Mexico.
Describes the physical features of a coral reef, its community of plants and animals, and environmental threats.
Describes some of the main deserts around the world, how deserts are formed, and some of the plants and animals found in these dry areas.
Briefly describes different types of grasslands, their plant and animal life, and environmental threats.
Describes the characteristics of mountainous areas and the plants and animals that inhabit them.
Describes the physical features of an ocean, its community of plants and animals, and environmental threats.
Describes what a rain forest is and what types of plants and animals reside there.
Briefly describes the climate, land formations, plant life, and animals of the frozen arctic land called tundra.
Examines swamps, marshes, and other kinds of wetlands, plants and animals that live there, and environmental threats.
An introduction to the geography, history, culture, and people of Canada.
Briefly describes the characteristics shared by all mammals and highlights how various species are different, discussing habitats, methods of moving around, feeding habits, and life cycles.
A brief introduction to types of rocks on earth and how they are formed.
Briefly describes the composition of different types of soil, the variety of plants and animals that live in it, and the necessity of soil to human life.
Briefly describes the characteristics of the sun, planets, moons, asteroids, and comets of our solar system.
An introduction to the properties of matter, discussing solids, liquids, and gases.
An introduction to some of the elements that make up our weather: sun, wind, clouds and rain, and hurricanes and tornadoes.
Describes the life of Elie Wiesel, Holocaust survivor, humanitarian, and recipient of the Nobel Prize.
Describes the salary, professional requirements, and personal characteristics of those interested in the field of desktop publishing and how the job is changing due to advances in computer software and technology.
Discusses the history and threats of biological and chemical weapons.
Explains what both colds and flu are, how to avoid them, and how to get over an illness as quickly and painlessly as possible.
Explains what lupus is, how it is diagnosed and treated, and its effect on a person's life.
Describes the forms water takes, how it has shaped Earth, and its importance to life.
Briefly explains why we have seasons and how they affect people and other living things.
A biography of a Quaker man from North Carolina whose fearless work on the Underground Railroad in Indiana and Ohio helped thousands of men and women escape the cruelty of slavery.
When Kyle fakes a catch, his baseball team goes on to win the league championship but Kyle doesn't feel good about winning by cheating. Includes a section on the sportsmanship of Christy Mathewson, a pitcher who played professional baseball in the early 1900s.
As he waits at home with his aunt for his baby sister to be born at the hospital, a young boy hears what his aunt did while waiting for him to be born.
Provides instructions for creating various Christmas crafts, decorations, cards, and gift wrappings.
Examines Indonesia's diverse culture, landscape, and climate.
Provides instructions for making a variety of items with mosaic decorations, including treasure jewels, a button soccer ball, pencil holder, and raggedy clown.
Teen troll Gog and his best friend Pook work as roadies for a troll rock and roll band until Gog's younger brother gets kidnapped.
Set apart from other people because of their unusual abilities, Nola, a teenage witch, and her mother find themselves in great danger when Nola uses her power to call up images and witnesses a murder.
When fourth-grade private eye Chet Gecko is called to catch someone who is stealing food from the school cafeteria, he finds himself framed for the crime.
Explores the experiences of children living in the United States during World War II, including writing V-mail to soldiers, participating in air raid drills, planting Victory Gardens, buying stamps for war bonds, and gathering cooking grease and scrap metal for making bombs.
An introduction to the career of doctor, describing the education and training required, different kinds of work they do, and their value to the community.
Briefly describes different types of carpenters and the various projects they help complete.
Briefly describes the job of chef, including duties, artistry, and contribution to community.
Introduces the job of fire fighter, including the  duties, hazards, uniforms, equipment, and contribution to the community.
Introduces the job of letter carrier, including the duties, skills, physical requirements, uniforms, and contribution to the community.
An introduction to the career of police officer, including the duties, uniforms, equipment, and their contribution to the community.
A brief biography of the sixteenth president, known as a wise and compassionate man and an eloquent speaker, whose determination helped preserve the Union during the Civil War.
A brief biography which focuses on the accomplishments of the first man to fly non-stop across the Atlantic Ocean.
A brief biography of the Virginia farm boy who grew up to lead the American army in the Revolutionary War and become the first president of the United States.
Describes the history of American westward expansion, including the exploration of the frontier to the Pacific Ocean, the establishment of the Lone Star State and the Mormon kingdom of Deseret, Manifest Destiny, the California gold rush, the population of the plains, and the legacy of the American frontier.
Discusses this mythical beast and the roles it has played in legend, religion, and medieval medicine, as well as man's efforts to prove its existence.
One night while everyone is sleeping, a little boy watches his paper mouse save a cat from an angry dog.
Profiles the lives and work of important American women who fought for the female right to vote, including Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony, Lucy Stone, Anna Howard Shaw, Alice Paul, and Carrie Chapman Catt.
Discusses the Cheyenne Native Americans including their nomadic life, social and religious customs, peace chiefs and war leaders, wars, early days on the  reservation, and current situation.
Discusses the history, daily lives, culture, religion, and conflicts of the Indians that lived in the southeastern region of the United States.
Discusses the history, daily life, social structure, art and religion, belief in the afterlife, and other aspects of ancient Egyptian civilization.
Describes the weapons used in the Persian Gulf war including aircraft and ground weapons, and discusses weapons support, training, information, and the influence of sea power on Desert Storm.
Discusses the causes, diagnosis, and treatment of epilepsy, the types of seizures, and the challenges of living with the disease.
An illustrated version of the Christmas carol about the procession to Bethlehem and the offer of a poor boy to play his drum for the Christ Child.
An introduction to the life of Harriet Tubman, who helped hundreds of slaves escape to freedom via the Underground Railroad.
An introduction to the personal life and baseball career of the legendary player, Jackie Robinson.
A brief biography of the scientist who twice received the Nobel Prize for her work with radium.
Recounts the events leading up to the colonists' defiant act against the British known as the Boston Tea Party, which ultimately climaxed in the American Revolution.
Describes adventures and disasters in the lives of people who rushed to the gold mines of California in 1848 and explains how this event sparked the state's development.
Examines the political situation in America at the time of the troubles between England and her colonies there and describes how the Declaration of Independence was written and accepted.
An account of the first permanent English settlement in North America, with all its tragedies and disasters, established in 1607 in Jamestown, Virginia.
Chronicles the expedition led by Lewis and Clark to explore the unknown western regions of America at the beginning of the nineteenth century, describing its mishaps, adventures, and impact on western expansion.
An introductory history of the Oregon Trail and its significance in opening the west to settlers, including information on the people who opened the Trail, their reasons for going west, modes of transportation, and a description of a typical day on the Trail.
Describes the reasons that the Pilgrims traveled to the New World, their voyage on the Mayflower, the hardships of their first winter in the Plymouth settlement, and the harvest celebration remembered as the first Thanksgiving.
Introduces the history and economic purpose of the Santa Fe Trail and the resulting settlement of the Southwest.
Discusses ways for teenagers to budget their money, including how to responsibly use credit cards and checking, spend money conservatively, and save for the future.
Examines the 1974 Supreme Court case in which a group of Chinese American parents sued the San Francisco School Board on behalf of their children for not providing a special learning environment for Chinese-speaking students.
Profiles ten of the greatest World Series Most Valuable Players in history: Johnny Bench, Scott Brosius, Roberto Clemente, Bob Gibson, Tom Glavine, Orel Hershiser, Reggie Jackson, Sandy Koufax, Don Larsen, and Mike Schmidt.
Profiles the life of the New York Yankees shortstop, from his childhood in Michigan through his first four years with the Yankees, discussing his popularity and three World Championships.
Discusses the origins and evolution of the game of soccer, as well as memorable events and key personalities in the game's history.
Two mice try to figure out how a little acorn turns into a huge oak tree.
Discusses some of the disorders that may affect a person's vision, their symptoms and treatments, and the importance of visiting an eye doctor.
Explains the basics of breast care and breast health, breast development, and the importance of breast cancer awareness.
Describes the physical properties of the Sun, its relation to the other bodies in space, and its direct influence on life on Earth.
Describes the composition of Venus from its core to its atmosphere and explains how Venus is incapable of supporting life even though it appears to be similar to Earth.
Describes the life and times of Benedict Arnold, giving a glimpse into the man whose name became synonymous with the word "traitor."
A biography of the American aviator, with an emphasis on the preparation for and details of his solo nonstop flight from New York to Paris in the Spirit of Saint Louis in 1927.
When picked to be a frog in the class play, Flora does not like her role until she spies real frogs jumping and sparkling in the pond.
The discovery of dead birds in a national forest leads the four teenaged members of Misfits, Inc. to investigate a mystery involving logging, militant environmental groups, congressional campaign contributions, and revenge.
Discusses life in China primarily during the Han dynasty, describing the life of farmers, life in a city, life in the military, business practices, the arts, and more.
Profiles four teenagers with eating disorders, discussing their problems, therapy, and ways in which they have dealt with their food obsession with varying degrees of success.
Discusses the novel, "The Yearling," including the life of Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings Baskin, the book's history and impact, its plot, characters, and literary criticism.
Discusses the origins and evolution of the game of baseball, as well as memorable events and key personalities in the game's history.
Discusses Scotland, its land, people, monarchy, history, politics, present day issues, and popular culture.
Discusses the origins, way of life, spirituality, and social organization of the Apache nations, as well as their relationships  with the European settlers.
Describes the rise to power of ancient Greece, its glorious empire, its civilization, and its eventual decline.
King Abbas appears to get caught up in the schemes of three thieves but he has a few tricks of his own and ultimately saves his kingdom from starvation.
An elderly couple who long for a child build a snow child which comes to life and makes them very happy--until the coming of spring when the days become too warm for her to stay.
Discusses the life of Tom Hanks including his various talents as film actor, director, writer, and producer.
Presents the life and accomplishments of the Polish-born chemist, discussing her methods of scientific research, discovery of radium, and its use as a treatment for cancer.
A collection of twenty-five nursery rhymes, rewritten to feature vampires, ghouls, mummies, the Loch Ness monster, and other fearsome creatures.
Twins Ling-Ling and Long-Long miss their beloved flock of doves when the birds are taken away by Uncle Yao, but one day they fly back home to the children who love them.
Examines the life and accomplishments of the speech teacher whose study of sound and the human voice led to his invention of the telephone.
Retells the story of the creation of the Deep Creek Mountains by Mother Hawk after Coyote steals her breakfast. Includes information on the Goshute people, legends, and history.
An introduction to the life cycle of chickens from birth to adult, describing their appearance, feeding habits, growth and more.
A biography of the man known as "father of America's national parks" and an influential conservationist, told in the first person, using Muir's own words.
An introduction to the life cycle of cattle from birth to adult, discussing appearance, food, instinct, and nurturing.
Describes the appearance and behavior of foals from birth to six months.
An introduction to the life cycle of pigs from birth to adult, discussing appearance, food, instinct, and nurturing.
Describes the appearance and behavior of lambs from birth to eight weeks.
Describes the appearance and behavior of baby rabbits from birth to eight weeks.
A rhymed version of the Bible parable of the woman who loses one of her ten coins and rejoices when she finds it.
A biography of the American who was captain of the first Olympic gold medal-winning women's hockey team.
An introduction to the sport of mountain biking, including an explanation of the required equipment and necessary skills.
Kipper the dog and his friend Arnold work through the alphabet by collecting animals and other things for each letter.
In 1878, after her mother's death on the way West, thirteen-year-old Lizzy Enders is left by her father at a convent school in Sante Fe, where she must deal with being the only non-Catholic student and where she plays a part in what some consider a miracle.
A biography of the Hall of Fame baseball player who broke Babe Ruth's career home run record.
A family living in the Catskill Mountains in the 1920s works together to gather the necessary ingredients to make blintzes for Shavuot.
When Dish and Spoon run away, their nursery rhyme friends Cat, Cow, and Dog set out to rescue them in time for the next evening's reading of their rhyme.
Examines both the legends and the facts surrounding the literary and historical figure of Britain's King Arthur.
Profiles five influential Latino entertainers of the 1990s, Ricky Martin, Selena, Jennifer Lopez, Enrique Iglesias, and Marc Anthony, detailing their rise to stardom and their effects on the American music scene.
Introduces the physical characteristics, habits, and natural environment of the jellyfish.
Presents information on the history of baseball and the equipment used, demonstrates the basic skills involved in fielding, throwing, hitting, and baserunning, and describes how these skills are used in a game.
Follows the life of one of America's first black poets from her sale as a child slave on the Boston auction block to her death as an impoverished freedwoman in 1784.
Describes a career as a real estate agent and the classes, activities, and other preparations necessary to be successful in this field.
Presents a tour of the black vocational training school in Alabama through the eyes of some of the people who taught and studied there in 1905.
Describes the cockroach's life cycle, behavior, habitat, and interaction with humans.
Presents the life of the nineteenth-century American author famous for his detective stories, horror stories, and poetry.
The escapades of four animal friends who live along a river in the English countryside--Toad, Mole, Rat, and Badger.
A little girl thanks God for His many colorful gifts, including the fifteen imaginary flamingos that show up at her birthday party.
A biography of the pop star and performer known as much for his eccentricities and plastic surgeries as for his music and talent.
Discusses life in a Nazi concentration camp, including typical conditions in the camps, daily life, organization and implementation, extermination through labor, and surviving against all odds.
After creating a mess under the Christmas tree, Milton the cat decides it's time to go outside.
A collection of poems featuring the animals, people, and cultures of Africa.
This version of the classic Christmas carol celebrating "the season to be jolly" features rabbit characters in the illustrations.
A girl and her father encounter loons and other lake creatures during a magical nightime canoe ride.
A small boy joins with his mother to find a creative way to save his older brother from the dangers of gang violence. Includes a list of organizations and websites dealing with gang prevention.
A discussion, presented on two reading levels, of human reproduction and sexuality from a Christian viewpoint.
A mouse tries on the shoes of various family members, from Daddy's great big clompy shoes and Mommy's clappy high-heeled shoes to those of Brother and Baby, but only one pair is just right. Features fold-out illustrations.
A collection of twelve humorous rhymes designed to help new readers become familiar with both the appearance and sound of written and spoken English.
Sherman makes up a dance while brushing his teeth which escalates into an adventurous chain of events that gives him an unusual way of getting to the breakfast table.
A child learns that Santa Claus is really Saint Nicholas, a bishop who lived long ago and taught people about Jesus. Includes information about the evolution of the gift-giving Santa Claus.
Provides instructions on how to make traditional Caribbean Island handicrafts such as Jamaican woven fish, Puerto Rican vejigante masks, and tap-tap trucks.
As the fictional friend of David, King of Israel, the reader makes decisions involving David's life.
As the fictional best friend of Esther, young Queen of Persia, the reader makes decisions affecting Esther's fight to save her people from destruction.
Provides background on the bloodiest battle in the Civil War, a day-by-day account of the fighting, and a discussion of the battle's aftermath.
Discusses the life and accomplishments of Helen Keller, who was left blind and deaf by illness at a young age, overcame these handicaps, and spent the rest of her life working to improve conditions for other handicapped people.
Feeling angry and without hope, Darcy, a young paraplegic, rejects the friendship of Eric, a burn victim with a severely disfigured face, who ultimately teaches Darcy about forgiveness.
A Christmas story about a little Swedish girl who, in the midst of an ancient tradition, learns the importance of giving and the power of Christ's sacrificial love.
Defines compulsive sexual behavior in teenagers and how it differs from the norm, discusses how it develops, and presents some of the methods available to treat the problem.
Discusses the steps that are followed when conception cannot be natural and explains the controversy, costs, and positive and negative effects that can result from various forms of fertilization.
Describes some of the sights and experiences on a trip to Peru, including visits to Lima, the walled city of Cuczo, and Machu Picchu.
Describes the process of making commercials, television programs, and movies using computer animation.
Describes the physical properties of the Sun and its relation to the other bodies in space and shows the direct influence the Sun has on life on Earth.
Describes some of the sights and experiences on a trip through Italy, including visits to Rome, Assisi, Lake Como, Milan, and Venice.
Because she and her toy rabbit Mr. Cuddles always do everything together, Rabbit does not want to wear her new sweater unless he has one as well.
Chosen by the Maker to do great things, a dreamer and unlikely hero named Chip leads the Whitefoot Mouse army to protect their royal family and defend their homeland against the invasion of domineering Brown Rats.
Describes how snowboards are manufactured and provides a history of the sport of snowboarding.
The reader is asked to identify fairy tale heroes and villains from clues in the text and illustrations.
On a trip to the City of the Holy Mountain, Jude is present when his cousin and boyhood friend Jeshua, the son of a carpenter, decides that his role in life is to make people well and give them food and be there when they need someone.
Discusses what the respiratory system is, how it works, and how it may be affected by various diseases.
Discusses becoming a licensed driver and such related concerns as getting your first car, road safety, drinking and driving, and road rage.
Surveys the history of the legendary Boston Red Sox, covering some of their key players and coaches and some of the best games the team has played.
Surveys the history of the Denver Broncos, discusses the 1998 and 1999 Super Bowl winning teams, and profiles some of the best players, including John Elway and Terrell Davis.
Surveys the history of the St. Louis Cardinals, discussing their greatest season, some of their best players, and other key personalities, including manager Whitey Herzog.
Surveys the history of the Cleveland Indians, covering some of the key players and coaches and some of the best games the team has played.
When Andy and his friend Tamika spend the weekend in the city with Tamika's aunt and uncle, he tries hard to follow all the rules of etiquette during outings to a French restaurant, an art museum, and the ballet, while using his detective skills to solve a mystery involving "parachuting" hamsters.
Profiles the Los Angeles Lakers basketball player, discussing his childhood in Philadelphia, his decision to skip college, and his success with the Lakers.
Profiles the power forward for the Minnesota Timberwolves, discussing his childhood in South Carolina and high school years in Chicago, his decision to skip college, and his success with the Timberwolves.
Profiles the power forward for the San Antonio Spurs, discussing his childhood in the Virgin Islands, his college years with Wake Forrest, and the NBA Championship he helped the Spurs win in 1999.
Discusses various careers in journalism, highlighting the duties, lifestyle, educational needs, and interests required.
Discusses the day-to-day operations, career opportunities, and requirements involved in the field of carpentry.
Discusses what diet drugs are, the difference between prescription, over-the-counter, and herbal diet drugs, and healthy alternatives to such drugs.
A rhythmic description of the different ways in which various animals eat, from a frog eating flies to a cat lapping milk.
Describes the construction of roads and aqueducts in ancient Rome, life and customs along the roads, water distribution and aqueduct maintenance, and the building of bridges.
Examines the Louisiana Purchase, discussing the negotiation of the treaty with France, the formation of Louisiana, taking possession of the land, and the exploration, growth, and settlement of the territory.
Discusses the young adult book "Flowers for Algernon" by Daniel Keyes, including the author's life, the science fiction genre, and the book's plot, characters, and themes.
Explains how the discipline, courage, and preparation of the Roman soldier combined with the strategies and tactics of his commander and the organization of the military establishment resulted in the conquest of many lands for the Roman Empire.
Profiles Kobe Bryant, who went straight from high school to the pros, becoming the youngest person ever to play in the NBA.
Describes life in Moscow since the fall of communism in 1990, including information on transportation, city sights, economic conditions, home life, education, employment, crime, recreation, and cultural activities.
A biography of the celebrated jazz singer, known especially for her scat singing and "songbook" recordings of the works of many major American composers.
Presents a tour of the Glenmont estate and West Orange laboratories of inventor Thomas Edison, from the viewpoint of a maid, Edison's second wife, Edison himself, and his son.
A look at food in the United States from colonial times to the present, describing what we have eaten, where it came from, and how it reflected events in American history.
Too hot to sleep, a polar bear goes outside and enjoys a nighttime dance before returning to bed.
Describes the third planet from the sun, including its orbit, seasons, gravity, geology, and life.
Describes the geological setting for the transformation of a rock to a grain of sand over the course of millions of years.
An account of how and why Mount St. Helens erupted in May 1980 and the destruction it caused, and a discussion of the return of life to that area.
Although he is a sheep, Johnny Mutton goes to school, competes in the spelling bee, dresses up for Halloween, and discovers his favorite sport, always remaining true to himself.
Simple text and photographs introduce the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of the sea star.
Explores the problem of extinct and endangered animals, the politics behind the issue, and ways of solving the problem.
Describes the history, unique features, and exploration of Jupiter, the fifth planet from the Sun.
In this story based on true events, Jalani, a freed slave, gives the lock that held him in chains to his eldest child as a symbol of his enslavement. Includes information about African Burial Ground Memorial Sculpture in New York City created by Jalani's descendent, Lorenzo Pace.
A young prince who is afraid of becoming king decides that he is a turkey.
A busy day in the life of Truman the dog includes walks, play time, and a little dog named Oscar.
Hope's new and unusual dessert blends well with the traditional dishes prepared by her cousins and Aunt Poogee at their annual summer get-together.
A mysterious man helps Lindsey make the right choice when she has to decide between putting her money in the missions offering at church or using it to buy a new sweater at the mall.
Stories, instruction, and challenges from forest folk and a Comanche Indian help Gurion and his friend Annamae discover the power of imagination, love, joy, and hope.
In seventeenth-century Holland, a young woman vows to solve the mystery of her father's disappearance following a voyage to Venice to obtain paint color recipes for the painters of Utrecht.
Describes the life of the sharecroppers' son who became an Olympic legend, and challenged Hitler's dream of Aryan superiority.
When young Edward VI of England and a poor boy who resembles him exchange places, each learns something about the other's very different station in life.
A class field trip to the local pickle factory puts Lauren McGill's love of pickles to the test, until she realizes her true calling is to create a museum dedicated to pickles.
After moving to a busy new neighborhood with his mother, Louie decides to explore and see if there is anyone he might like to have as a father.
Prince Fabien uses an ingenious trick to end the war between the Reds and the Blues without violence.
Sixteen-year-old Caitlin O'Conner keeps a six-month diary in which she records the day-to-day events of her life as well as her struggles to understand herself and God's plan for her future.
Points out that although a 1962 Supreme Court case decided that official prayers in public schools are unconstitutional, the issue of separation of church and state remains.
A young girl learns how the birthday card she makes for her father will get to him as he works on a freighter carrying coal on Lake Michigan.
A brother and sister continually argue during the family's Sunday drive.
Twins Julie and Justin plan a treasure hunt for Granddad, who used to be a sailor, but their bumbling sheepdog Mop has a surprise for everyone. Includes directions for making a treasure map, aged paper, and invisible ink.
A young boy befriends a giant beetle, taking it home to live with him, until they both see that the beetle needs to live in its real home, the forest.
The class hamster gets loose and it's up to Peter, Amy, and Archie to find him and lure him back into his cage.
When orphaned, eleven-year-old Pollyanna comes to live with austere and wealthy Aunt Polly, her philosophy of gladness brings happiness to her aunt and other unhappy members of the community.
When tenth grader Vivi Hartman arrives with her rabbi father at a Seneca reservation to arrange the funeral of a Jewish girl who died violently, she finds herself investigating rumors of murder.
Two clumsy bears join in fishing fun at the river.
Humpty Dumpty's friends help him avoid a big, big fall.
Big Pig and Little Pig enjoy spending time together, though they take different approaches to the same task.
A little girl encounters various animals before finding her cat.
A boy runs so fast that he imagines himself to be a rabbit, a bobcat, a horse, and a cheetah.
When he finds an egg, Daniel and his friends try to guess what is inside.
A "Bring Your Pet" birthday party gets out of hand when the pets show more interest in chasing each other than in celebrating.
When his beloved mare is stolen by the James gang after an attempted bank robbery in the nearby town of Northfield, Will joins the posse looking for the outlaws.
An introduction to the land, history, economy, culture, and people of Germany.
An introduction to the geography, history, economy, culture, and people of Egypt.
When fourteen-year-old Lindsay meets Talon, who lives in the secret Downsider community that evolved in the subterranean passages of the subway built in New York in 1867, she and her new friend try to bridge the differences between their two cultures.
Buzz Bright, a newcomer to CLEO-7, the new space station orbiting the moon, finds his Christian principles tested by an unfriendly prankster. Includes a history of space stations and instructions for decoding a secret message.
Provides information about the location, topography, climate, population, industry, language, and currency of  Northern and Western Asia.
The prize-winning hens on the farm make fun of Little Hen for wanting to be special too, until one rainy day when she proves herself.
When Zero-G, a hot new space-rock boy band, arrives at the space station, the AstroKids learn a valuable lesson about hospitality.
Feeling sad because no one chooses it as a Christmas tree, a bedraggled forest pine discovers the importance of being appreciated all year long.
After his home is destroyed by war, eight-year-old Viktor finds hope in the survival of two very special fish.
When Molly and her cat Emmett find an old tent in the basement, they set up camp in the backyard, but the weather changes their plans. Includes activity ideas for backyard camping.
After their sheepdog Mop runs away at the park to join a group of outdoor musicians, twins Julie and Justin are inspired to create their own band. Includes instructions for making simple musical instruments.
On Kwajalein Island in the Pacific, bickering seventeen-year-old stepsisters Cass and Tabitha try to find God's way to help their friends Kira, who is under the spell of a violent and possessive boyfriend, and Rianne, who continues to struggle with anorexia.
When their fishing net yields more trash than fish, Suzie and her friends learn about the importance of keeping the ocean clean for sea life. Includes a retelling of Jesus' parable about the fishing net.
Suzie and her friends demonstrate helpfulness and caring when they rescue an injured dog and take it to the veterinarian. Includes a retelling of Jesus' parable about the good Samaritan.
Jenny, the new doll in Mr. Giovanni's toy shop, learns from an old rabbit that friends are not the ones that look perfect on the outside but come in all shapes and sizes.
The fictional diaries of a family from the twenty-second century that discovers a time machine which takes them back through Earth's ancient past. Includes related activities, maps, bibliographies, and glossary.
Delfino and his cousin Salvador leave their Aztec village in Mexico to search for work in the United States, where they endure dangerous and brutal conditions before ultimately finding success beyond all their dreams. Includes related explanatory notes and bibliography.
When Willie is put in charge of the Glenfield Middle School's float for the Founder's Day Parade, he has to handle lots of conflicts and he learns to rely on God for help.
When a teacher's stolen purse is found in his locker, Willie has to serve detention until he and his friends can find out who is really responsible.
As a fictional friend of Ruth, the reader makes decisions about whether to leave her homeland and go with Naomi and Ruth or to stay in Moab, with different plot developments depending on the choices.
Cecelia meets a mermaid who assures her that her bedwetting problem will soon be solved.
Although they live in different quarters of Jerusalem, a Jewish boy and a Muslim boy are surprised to discover they have been caring for the same stray cat.
When Cowboy Carl marries Cactus Kate, Carl's dog Cinderdog must deal with his new sibling, Kate's ornery cat Wicked.
Rhyming text celebrates the many remarkable things that girls can achieve, from packing a lunch box and lacing their shoes to swishing a basketball and climbing a tree.
A girl tells how her mother decided to become a single parent and traveled overseas to adopt her and describes their happy life as a family.
When Benny decides to dig a hole in the back yard, Grandfather gives him an old map that leads to a special discovery.
Benny isn't too happy to run into his teacher during the weekend but the encounter turns out to have happy consequences.
Soon after her saxophone-playing neighbor composes a special song, a young girl's baby arrives and receives an appropriate name.
Twelve-year-old Alexandra tries to understand her relationship with her mother, father, and best friend.
Having gotten his first horse, Big-Enough, for his fourth birthday, Billy spends the next several years working hard to become a good, all-around cowboy on his father's ranch.
Larkin, a world Weaver from a different dimension, enlists the aid of three high school students to try to save the world from a powerful, evil "weaver" who plans to destroy Earth and its universe.
Scoop prays that God will keep her horses safe, solve her friend Jen's health problems, and make a wild horse trust people again.
Filled with competition fever, Jenna and her gymnastics teammates lose sight of their goal to work as a unit.
When Annie and her third grade class put on a play about nutrition, it has more surprises than the teacher expected.
A mother and child try to figure out the sources of the noises they hear on a stormy night.
The family poodle protests at first when the master and mistress bring home a new "dog" to share the household.
Peter disobeys his mother by going into Mr. McGregor's garden and almost gets caught.
Because Harley the llama does not get along with other llamas, he becomes a guard llama, protecting sheep from hungry coyotes and befriending a cantankerous ram.
In 1906, while visiting his journalist uncle in California, thirteen-year-old Jerry hears the San Francisco earthquake predicted at preacher William Seymour's Pentecostal mission, sees the ensuing destruction, and learns the power of the Holy Ghost.
When her best friend Ida moves to China with her missionary parents in the late 1800s, Mollie receives letters from her, including tales of Lottie Moon, a groundbreaking female missionary.
On a holiday at the seashore, Bernard, Mavis, Kathleen, and Francis save a mermaid from captivity and, after an incredible magic-filled journey beneath the waves, they must race against time to avert a war and save their underwater friends.
When bullies pick on a boy at school, a classmate is afraid, but decides that he must do something.
On his way to get a haircut, Marcus is dismayed by the bad things he sees in his urban neighborhood but, after hearing his friends in the barbershop talk about the many good things in their African-American community, he finds that on the way home he sees nothing but good news.
Chad experiences a range of emotions when he goes camping with his parents and his five-year-old mentally disabled brother Ben who has many developmental problems.
Panic grips Midvale when a mummy disappears from an Egyptian exhibit at the museum, leaving it up to Sean and Melissa to solve the mystery.
After Timothy copies a papier-mache snake from a mural for a Christmas present for Titus, he and his cousins find that the snake on the mural has changed.
At Christmastime the three cousins hear a story about a mysterious golden reindeer and wonder if they will be the ones to find it.
A young boy and his grandparents help a mother and her kittens find safety during a summer thunderstorm.
Kipper and Tiger plan a picnic which is nearly ruined by a series of disruptions.
Kipper finds a gadget that blows bubbles, and he uses it to help Tiger sail a toy boat.
After Froggy misbehaves at a fancy restaurant, his parents take him to a fast flies restaurant to celebrate their anniversary.
A young girl describes what happens when she goes to the hospital to have her tonsils removed.
After her best friend moves away, a little girl misses the special times they had together.
An extraordinary stomachache is cured when a doctor removes a large number of strange objects from the victim's stomach. Includes instructions for performing the story as a shadow play.
On vacation at the beach, Preston Pig meets Maxine and experiences his first crush, all the while being pursued by a clumsy and unlucky wolf.
Nine-year-old Ethan, one of the Israelites who have followed Moses out of Egypt to Mount Sinai, hates rules and is frustrated when Moses goes up the mountain to get even more rules from God, but through the rebellion of others he discovers how rules can be important to keep us safe.
Daddy's body makes a wonderful play island for a young boy.
While traveling, Babushka gives her gifts for the Christ child away and thinks she has nothing left to give the baby, only to discover that everything she gave away, she also gave to him.
While getting ready for Christmas, Harriet and her friend George try to avoid Ms. Hoozit and her fruitcake, only to miss out on a yummy treat.
Charley is sure that the first Halloween in his new house will be awful, until his stepfather takes him out trick-or-treating.
College student Christy trusts God to guide her in making decisions about school and her boyfriend Todd.
Ten-year-old Ben has many fears as he witnesses Moses call down a series of plagues on Egypt; then, when the Israelites follow Moses out of Egypt, their escape through the parted Red Sea forces Ben to confront his greatest fear, water.
A brief tale emphasizing the uses of the letters "a" and "t" in various words.
In honor of California's sesquicentennial, relates the state's and San Francisco's history between 1848 and 1853, as depicted in excerpts from two historical novels.
As thirteen-year-old Gideon seeks work in the Confederate capital, tensions at home are inflamed by President Lincoln's ultimatum to the rebelling states.
A brief tale emphasizing the uses of "e" and "d" in various words.
A brief tale showing how "i" and "g" can be combined with other letters to form simple words.
A brief tale showing how "o" and "g" can be combined with other letters to form simple words.
A brief story emphasizing the use of the letters "u" and "g" in various words.
Short a and Long a introduce the long and short "a" sounds.
A brief story in which characters representing the short "e" sound and the long "e" sound look for these vowels in different words.
A brief story in which characters representing the short "i" sound and the long "i" sound look for these vowels in different words.
Short o and Long o introduce the long and short "o" sounds.
Short u and Long u introduce the long and short "u" sounds.
Word Bird puts words about Easter in his word house.
An eight-year-old Earth girl helps a visiting eight-year-old extraterrestrial after he loses the remote control device for his flying saucer.
Word Bird puts words about Thanksgiving in his word house--Pilgrims, Indian corn, pumpkin pie, and others.
Word Bird puts words about spring in his word house--mud puddles, shamrocks, seeds, kites, and others.
Word Bird puts words about fall in his word house--leaves, harvest, football, Pilgrims, and others.
Word Bird puts words about summer in his word house--swimming pool, seashells, boat, fireworks, lemonade, parade, and others.
Word Bird puts words about winter in his word house--snow, mittens, sled, icicles, and others.
When his father brings home new word puzzles, Word Bird makes up words with his friend Cat, and each new word leads them into a new activity.
When his father brings him some new word puzzles, Word Bird makes up more words with his friend Hen, and each word that they make up leads them into a new activity.
When his father brings home new word puzzles, Word Bird makes up words with his friend Pig, and each new word leads them into a new activity.
Word Bird and his friend Dog make up a variety of words, and each new word leads them into a new activity.
On a rainy day Word Bird makes up words with his friend Duck, and each word that they make up leads them into a new activity.
Word Bird puts words about Christmas in his word house--North Pole, reindeer, candy canes, stockings, and others.
After hearing Ocean's stories, Sun invites Ocean to the house he shares with his wife, Moon, but his visitor proves to be more than his house can hold.
Altoona the baboon goes to visit her aunt in the frigid north, but after some adventures in the snow, Auntie gives everyone a warm surprise.
A young girl's good deed is multiplied as it is passed on by those who have been touched by the kindesss of others.
Anna isn't happy when she learns that she will be a flower girl in Aunt Julie's wedding, until she looks at wedding photographs and tries on Grandma's veil.
Children plant pumpkin seeds, water and weed the garden patch, watch the pumpkins grow, pick them, and enjoy them in various ways.
Cats cause so much trouble in a house that they are shooed away--and then missed!
A boy learns to read the river when he goes white water rafting with his dad.
Cam uses her photographic memory to find a shopping list that her dad lost at the library.
While Molly prepares to plant a nice, neat vegetable garden, her cat Emmett does his best to help.
While visiting their Uncle Bill on his ranch, two city kids learn the ways of the western range.
Rhyming tale of Cowboy Gene and Cowgirl Sue, whose beloved cows get mixed up when a storm blows down the fence between their ranches.
When her quirky grandmother goes to Hawaii for the summer, nine-year-old Ruby learns to survive on her own in Mississippi by writing letters, befriending chickens as well as the new girl in town, and finally coping with her grandfather's death.
Abstract symbols representing letters of the alphabet spell out the names of animals from A to Z. A fold-out key is included.
Rhinoceroses play a game of soccer as Team Rhino meets the All Stars. Includes a list of soccer vocabulary.
While celebrating the Days of the Dead, a young Mexican girl remembers her wonderful grandmother who sang songs, made tortillas, chased monsters away, and loved butterflies.
Fourth grader Mickey uses Jesus' teachings to help him and his friend Zack deal with problems of remarriage, false accusations, and jealousy towards a new student.
"The editors have compiled a comprehensive source that provides a first-stop reference on broad areas or specific topics on the Civil War. The contemporary photographs and lithographs bring the human element into the encyclopedia, a type of reference known more for facts and figures than emotions. The primary-source-documents volume brings obscure resources together, which will further illumine the period for students."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
While raising funds to keep the New Hope Center open, ten-year-old Robyn, who goes there for physical therapy, gets the whole town of Misty Falls involved and, in the process, finds out about Jesus and God's plan.
Cassie wants so much to be on the school track team that she copies from J.J. on a test and lies to her teachers and parents, but a poster of the Ten Commandments and a disaster remind her to do what is right.
A group of animals sets out with a tattered map in search of treasure.
When Chris expresses doubt about the existence of Santa Claus, his older sister Sophie reveals that their aunt is really Santa's sister and helper and then sends him on a strange journey.
A twelve-year-old boy from the twenty-first century, a girl from medieval Alexandria, Egypt, and a super-intelligent young saurian from an alternative Earth--each for different reasons--join together in travels through time and space.
Discusses feudalism, chivalry, clothing and weaponry, practices of war, the Crusades, tournaments and other aspects of the lives of noble soldiers of the Middle Ages.
On their birthday, their parents plan surprises for twins Justin and Julie, including special presents and a birthday picnic with their dog Mop. Presents suggestions for picnic recipes and games.
Despite her family's long feud with the Crutchfields, seventeen-year-old Kaitlin falls in love with Bram Crutchfield and weaves a tangled web of deception to conceal her identity from him.
In the absence of her beloved cows, who have run away, Queenie Farmer treats her fifteen daughters like a prize herd, baking them cakes, building them beds, sewing them dresses, helping them get married, and taking care of their children when they finally have them.
Sixteen-year-old Caitlin struggles with her feelings about her best friend's pregnancy, boys who tempt her to break her vow not to date, non-Christian friends, and what God may be calling her to do with her life.
Seth and his rock band perform at the school math fair and are surprised to find they are one of the prize winners.
Although mistreated by her stepmother and stepsisters, Cinderella meets her prince with the help of her fairy godmother.
A child wonders about nature and his place in it.
The continuing fictional account of a Lakota Indian who, after being educated in the white man's ways, joins Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show and travels around America and Europe.
Presents the adventures of Pinocchio, a mischievous wooden puppet, who wants more than anything else to become a real boy.
Introduces the work of commercial airplane and jet pilots, including duties, training, skills needed, and contribution to the community.
Hip and Hop's friendship is tested when Hop insists they can't both be pumpkins for Halloween.
Spunky the puppy keeps a diary describing his daily life with the Dobson family, including the time he went to church and the day he got lost.
The adventures and misadventures of a cat as she goes through three owners and three identities, learning humility along the way.
Pogo hates being a turtle, with all the limitations involved, but eventually he comes to accept himself as he is.
Hiram the piglet is born into a very competitive litter, but they all eventually learn to get along.
Separated from his family, Fuzzle the skunk has to make a new home and find food all alone, because the other animals run away when they see him, until he discovers a secret weapon that could make him a hero.
As Quackery and his brother Zackery get bigger, they begin to question whether their parents always know what is best.
In this folktale's retelling, the peasant Sanji prevails in his king's unusual search for a successor because he is willing to be honest in the face of ridicule.
During School Spirit Week, the new girl in school challenges the Cul-de-sac Kids to guess her secret.
After an ice cream party to celebrate the last day of school, Dunkum's cousin Ellen's seeing-eye-dog disappears, and the Cul-de-sac Kids get help from an unexpected source in solving the mystery.
Amy and Martin convince their babysitter Liz to take them sailing on her boat the Bumblebee and Click the mouse goes along for the ride.
In the first specialized study of thhe Washington presidency published in a generation, historian Jack D. Warren, Jr., outlines the first president's practical accomplishments; the establishment of the executive as an energetic and effective branch of government, the resolution of the new nation's financial crisis, the opening of the trans-Appalachian West, the creation of Washington, D.C., and the preservation of peace with the warring powers of Europe. In a time of intense partisanship, Warren explains that Washington worked constantly to strengthen the Union, gave his office a character that transcends politics, and set a standard of conduct for national leaders that has endured for more than two centuries. Washington shaped the powers of the presidency, former President George Bush says in his Foreword, "yet never wavered from his promise to remain a servant of the people." - Back cover.
Because she is fascinated by a statue she sees while skating, Abby and her mother spend a day looking at the sculptures of Marshall Fredericks around the city of Detroit, Michigan. Includes information about the sculptor, his work and the sculptural process, as well as a list of sculptures to be seen throughout Michigan and in other Great Lakes states.
After the death of her father, King Henry VIII, in 1547, thirteen-year-old Elizabeth must endure the political intrigues and dangers of the reigns of her half-brother Edward and her half-sister Mary before finally becoming Queen of England eleven years later.
Introduces the work of running a city, including duties, training, skills needed, and contribution to the community.
A young girl receives a nutcracker for Christmas and, after learning how he got his ugly face, helps break a spell and change him into a handsome prince.
Kipper buys a hamster as a birthday present for Pig, but he grows to love the hamster so much that he does not want to give it away.
While spending a week at basketball camp, fifth grader Mickey asks God for help when he worries about his playing ability, his grandmother's deteriorating health, and a mysterious ghost.
The son of a Jewish father and black mother, high school senior Zack has never been allowed to meet his mother's family, but after doing a research project on a former slave, he travels from his home in Canada to Natchez, Mississippi to find his grandfather.
Sarah Louise, who lives with her family on a Chesapeake Bay island, grows up feeling less important than her twin sister, until she finally begins to find her own identity.
A year in the life of two young girls growing up on the Wisconsin frontier, as they help their mother with the daily chores, enjoy their father's stories and singing, and share special occasions when they get together with relatives or neighbors.
Describes the daily activities of nine-year-old Almanzo Wilder, who would grow up to become the husband of Laura Ingalls Wilder, as he lives with his family on a New York farm at the end of the nineteenth century.
Mop the sheepdog pretends to be a wild bear when twins Julie and Justin take an imaginary train trip to the Rocky Mountains. Includes related crafts and games.
A scarecrow is too friendly to do the job for which it was made.
A young boy tries on many different hats while trying to decide which one to wear.
A clown troupe prepares for, and presents, a circus act complete with seltzer, a tiny car, and a high wire act.
A boy compares himself to his friend Maria, who can make beautiful things, but Maria reminds him that he has talents she lacks.
A mother and child take a trip to the grocery store to buy all the child's favorite foods for a birthday party.
Retells the traditional tale about three billy goats who trick a troll that lives under the bridge.
Fictional diary of a fourteen-year-old girl accompanying a cattle drive along the Chisolm Trail in 1878.
Sara Crewe, a pupil at Miss Minchin's London school, is left in poverty when her father dies but is later rescued by a mysterious benefactor.
A brief retelling of the escapades of four animal friends who live along a river in the English countryside--Toad, Mole, Rat, and Badger.
A simplified retelling of ten-year-old Mary coming to live in a lonely house on the Yorkshire moors and discovering an invalid cousin and the mysteries of a locked garden.
A simple retelling of the adventures of the four March sisters living in New England during the time of the Civil War.
Sixteen-year-old orphan Scoop, a gifted gentler of horses, does not believe that racing is good for horses, but becomes involved with the sport after she and her coworkers agree to stable and help train a special filly.
One month before sophomore year begins, Scoop volunteers to work with some newly donated horses at the Horsefeathers Stable.
Discusses the criminal and civil trials of former football star and actor O.J. Simpson, who was acquitted of the 1994 murders of his ex-wife, Nichole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ron Goldman.
"This encyclopedia is the first work of its kind devoted entirely to the history of the United States Cabinet and its secretaries. Arranged alphabetically by cabinet department, it provides a history of the department and detailed biographical and historical entires of the members who served in some of the nation's highest positions. Also available as an e-book, it is a truly outstanding source filled with facts about the U.S. Cabinet."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
A poetic description of various kinds of mountains and how they are formed.  Includes factual information on mountains.
A girl enjoys using all of her five senses to explore the ocean, but when a jellyfish appears she discovers that the sea is not always nice.
Elderly Monsieur Noel, the very unconventional new eighth-grade teacher, gives coupon books for such things as dancing in class and sleeping late, which are bound to get him in trouble with the military discipline of Principal Incarnation Perez.
All the birds enjoy the song-like flute music of Jabuti, the tortoise, except Vulture who, jealous because he cannot sing, tricks Jabuti into riding his back toward a festival planned by the King of Heaven.
While visiting a small town in Alabama, the Aldens hear mysterious howls at midnight, leading them to wonder if an old local legend about a ghost dog is true.
When Jenna and Jeremy's father shoots and kills their artist mother, they struggle to slowly rebuild a functioning family.
A transmission received from outer space in a combination of different Earth languages tells of an alien schoolboy's fantastic excuse for being late to school again.
An introduction to the cooking of France, featuring basic recipes for everyday breakfast, lunch, and dinner dishes, as well as typical menus and a brief description of the special features of a French table setting.
Tells the story of the African-American singer who struggled against prejudice to become one of the great opera performers of the century.
Simple text and illustrations describe the life and accomplishments of the revered civil rights pioneer.
In 1947 two teenagers from different backgrounds are thrown together once again as the United Nations votes to create the state of Israel.
Flick, a curious young prairie dog, learns about the pleasures and dangers of life outside his family's underground home, as well as the importance of obeying his parents.
Two bear cubs spend their first year discovering the wonders and dangers of a forest with their mother.
Shandy the lamb, rejected by his mother and the other ewes, is cared for by a young boy until he is big enough to try to rejoin the flock of sheep.
Eighth-grader Scoop lives with her aunt and grandfather on a horse farm they can barely maintain, but by trusting God and befriending a mysterious and wealthy new neighbor, Scoop finds a way to keep both the farm and her beloved horse Orphan.
In honor of the eighth-graders' graduation, Willie's church is holding a Lock-In, including an exciting contest that might also introduce some of the participants to Jesus.
When Scoop meets the beautiful and glamorous Twila Twopennies and is invited to help out at her lavish stables, Scoop imagines that Twila is the mother who gave her up for adoption fifteen years earlier.
When Willie's family acquires a second hobby store in Cedarville, he needs God's help making a difficult decision that he knows will be best for everyone.
A wayward and difficult horse named Ham threatens the peace at Scoop's horse farm.
Discusses life in Tokyo including the history of Tokyo, its geographical significance, home life, education, economic role, arts and entertainment.
A noisy little girl with cerebral palsy and a quiet little girl with Down Syndrome learn to play together and eventually become best friends.
Fictionalized biography of the boyhood and youth of a great, great nephew of John Paul Jones who, after his boyhood on the frontier, grew up to be an inventor, novelist, and statesman.
A reluctant cat is taken to the veterinarian for an examination.
The Aldens visit an old camp in Quebec, Canada, and begin to suspect that someone or something is trying to scare them away from the place.
Describes the life of a Nantucket sea captain, how he came to be in command of a whaling ship, and how he and his crew hunted whales.
On Puma's first day of school, he keeps biting his classmates until Guinea Pig and Monkey teach him a lesson.
On Python's first day of school, she can't stop squeezing her classmates, until Elephant accidentally shows her how it feels.
Stripe's mischievous little sister leads him into prickly cactuses and a muddy swamp before he finally has to rescue her from a dangerously high tree limb.
When he can't find his cat to enter in the neighborhood pet show, Archie must do some fast thinking to win a prize.
Introduces rice as a food--where it comes from, how it is grown and harvested, and how it fits into the USDA Food Guide Pyramid. Includes a recipe for rice pudding.
An illustrated version of the legendary song whose many verses were made up by cowboys while herding cattle on the Chisholm Trail.
Max and his big sister Ruby disagree about which of their toys to invite to Grandma's birthday party.
Over the Thanksgiving holiday, ten-year-old Robyn, who lives with her aunt and uncle, shares special times with her family and friends and must adjust to the thought that her body is changing and to the news that her aunt is expecting a baby.
Janie was four years old when she nearly drowned due to her mothers neglect.  Through an unhappy foster home experience, and years of feeling that she is unwanted, she keeps alive her dream of someday being a famous singer.
In 1944 Santa Fe, Will Hutchinson must put his trust in God when his Native American foster sister is accused of stealing by a Jewish shopkeeper who seems to have some sinister secrets of his own.
Turning away from his mother and Jesus after discovering a family secret, twelve-year-old Will Hutchinson lies, steals, and embraces the ways of the Tewa Indians after visiting their pueblo in Santa Fe, New Mexico, during World War II.
Ten-year-old Galen, an orphan boy who aspires to be a soldier in the Philistine army and carry Goliath's shield into battle, becomes friends with a young Israelite and learns about his God.
Livy, personal slave to Procula, wife of Pontius Pilate, wants her freedom more than anything, but when she encounters Jesus, her ideas of freedom are changed.
Bear likes to play in all kinds of weather.
A brief biography of the seventeenth-century French explorers who were the first Europeans to locate and chart the Mississippi River.
To escape the Irish potato famine of the 1840s, twelve-year-old Annie and her brother immigrate to New York City where they join their older sister as servants, earning money to bring the rest of their family to America, where they discover that both food and hardships abound.
While searching for a special Christmas present, Anna and Henry are pulled into a magical movie world, meet famous film personalities, and have a chance to change movie history. Includes facts about the actors and films in the book.
Through a series of letters to his parents, Little Wolf relates his adventures as a member of Yelloweyes Forest Detective Agency, crime solvers of the Frettnin Forest, as they investigate a series of mysterious disappearances.
A family of pigs celebrates Christmas by telling each one's favorite part of the holiday, but the youngest piglet discovers that his favorite is right outside the window.
In the mid-nineteenth century Katya, a Russian girl whose stepmother is Aleut, and Miyacha, a native Kashaya girl, trade knowledge about their cultures as they play together in and near Fort Ross, a Russian settlement in northern California. Includes historical information about the fort.
A collection of eight tales from various cultures, including The Little Red Hen; Monkey-See, Monkey-Do; The Three Billy Goats Gruff; and The Magic Porridge Pot.
Pepper is sad about moving from Baltimore to New York City, until he meets a neighbor who thinks the biggest city anywhere is also the best city when you're a dog.
Annie enjoys many activities with her grandmother, including gardening, catching frogs, playing dress-up, and telling bedtime stories.
Little Lucy and her dog classmates use their imaginations to turn a story-building activity into an adventure with the help of Miss Bowser's magical word bones.
Anthony and his younger sister discover that the monster figures he got in an unusual box at an estate sale are alive, but they have no way of knowing that the "monsters" will lead them on fantastical adventures to other worlds in an effort to try to save Earth.
Rinnah Two Feathers, a sleuth-minded Lakota Indian in South Dakota, investigates a mysterious stranger poking around a long-abandoned house and stumbles across the secret of Dead Man's Mine.
A collection of folktales from various cultures in Mexico, all focusing on the important roles of women, such as Rosha, a young girl who rescues the sun; the goddess Tangu Yuh; Kesne, a Zapotec princess; and the Virgin Mary.
Seven supernatural stories, all having something to do with death.
Teenage wizard Nita travels to other universes to find a cure for her mother who has brain cancer.
After moving into a grand new house and fixing up his old one for Grandmother Mouse, Badger realizes that he misses his former home.
Biography of the African-American statesman and diplomat who was one of the founders of the United Nations and who received the Nobel Prize for his peacemaking efforts.
Describes the nature and rules of drag racing and the special characteristics of drag cars.
Eleven-year-old Ben recalls his relationship with his unusual friend Ring, who walked into the river and disappeared one day.
Presents legends, fairy tales, fables, and excerpts from current Latino literature in both English and Spanish.
Examines the tides, plants, animals, and ecosystems found along the Pacific coast from the icy waters of Alaska to the tropical waters of Mexico.
In the early 1700s, twelve-year-old Suzette, an Ojibwa-French girl, hopes that her father will win the fur-trapping contest so that he can quit being a voyageur and stay with his family year-round, but when he is accused of stealing, Suzette must use her knowledge of both French and Ojibwa ways to find the real thief.
Encouraged by her close friends and a mystery supporter in cyberspace, Jamie decides to enter a contest to win an art camp scholarship despite her own lack of confidence in her artistic ability.
Discusses the natural and manmade causes of floods, the damage that these disasters cause, and what can be done to prevent them.
Examines hurricanes, discussing how they are formed, how they are tracked, and what kinds of damage they can cause. Includes a section on 1998's Hurricane Georges.
Examines tornadoes, discussing how they are formed, how they are measured, and how they can be predicted. Includes a section on the Wichita Falls tornadoes of 1979.
Examines drought disasters, discussing what causes them, how they affect people, and how we can compensate for them. Includes a section on the drought in the Sahel region of Africa.
Examines earthquakes, discussing what causes them, how they are measured, and how they can cause tsunamis. Includes a section on the San Francisco earthquake of 1989.
When he is wrongly accused of gravely injuring his baby half-sister, thirteen-year-old Branwell loses his power of speech and only his friend Connor is able to reach him and uncover the truth about what really happened.
Simple text and photographs depict the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitats of different kinds of bats, as well as various myths about this flying mammal.
Describes fossils, how they are formed, and what they can tell us about life in the past.
Hummer Hummingbird tries to convice Big Jake the mouse that his small size is not important if he does good things for others. Includes factual information about hummingbirds.
Cindy Sparrow tries to help Suzie Squirrel, who persists in stealing from others. Includes factual information about sparrows.
Dinky Duck tries to get Pokey Opossum to be more prompt in seeking shelter from an approaching tornado. Includes factual information about ducks.
Joey, who is still taking medication to keep him from getting too wired, goes to spend the summer with the hard-drinking father he has never known and tries to help the baseball team he coaches win the championship.
Offers advice on a variety of school-related topics, including getting along with teachers, doing homework, studying for tests, preparing presentations, being popular, and more.
Discusses the history of volleyball and the basics of the sport.
In the early days of the Civil War, Joseph must decide whether to defend his stepfather's abolitionist and pro-Union beliefs or side with the slave owners and Southern rights supporters in his home town of Branson Mills, Kentucky.
Tim rows out to rescue his careless friend Ginger from the rising tide, but their small boat is caught in a storm and dashed upon the rocks before they reach safety.
A chronologically arranged collection of profiles of 100 notable American women, ranging from Virginia Dare to Oprah Winfrey.
When Ginger runs away to go to sea, Tim and Charlotte follow him and, having no money to return home, sign on as members of a ship's crew and have many adventures, including a shipwreck, before they find Ginger again.
Tim and Ginger, cabin boys on the S.S. Royal Fusilier, adopt a stray puppy and decide to hide him aboard ship out of sight of the captain who hates dogs.
A guide to preparing for and carrying out a successful job search, including how to fill out an application and how to behave during an interview.
Simple text describes the parts of a skateboard, other skateboarding equipment, and skateboarding stunts.
Discusses the significance of some of the harvest festivals around the world and describes how they are celebrated.
Nancy and her friends establish headquarters in a seaside yacht club to investigate strange happenings in a book store and the disappearance of a marble statue.
When their detective father asks them to play burglar in order to protect a client's valuable invention from thieves, the Hardy boys find themselves involved in a large and dangerous conspiracy.
In 1863, as the Civil War approaches her quiet town of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, nine-year-old Virginia records in a journal the horrible things she witnesses before, during, and after the Battle of Gettysburg.
A fictional journal kept by twelve-year-old Augustus Pelletier, the youngest member of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery.
An introduction to the geography, history, government, lifestyles, culture, and current issues of Ethiopia.
An overview of the history, geography, government, economy, people, and culture of Colombia.
Explains the parts and functions of the nose, how the body breathes and smells, the effects of the drug cocaine, and how to get treatment for addiction.
Describes the planning and creation of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial and profiles some of those police officers who gave their lives in the line of duty.
Abi is certain that sixth grade will be her best year ever, until the favorite teacher she had hoped to have is called away and a new girl wins the place of concertmaster which Abi had thought would be hers.
Brief text and illustrations chronicle the life, voyages, and discoveries of the intrepid explorer.
"Fourteen of the most popular Mother Goose rhymes rewritten 'Hawaiian style.'"
A simple introduction to the concepts of speed, resistance, and friction, the different measurements of speed and distance, and machines that can increase speed, such as jet engines and roller skates.
When Fred should be sleeping like his mother and father, he sneaks outside to go sledding instead.
Brief rhyming clues invite the reader to identify a variety of occupations.
Although Ben loves to be outside looking at rocks and digging in the dirt, his fear of spiders almost keeps him inside.
A historical exploration of events and daily life in Moscow in both ancient and modern times.
Thematically arranged excerpts from Shakespeare's plays and sonnets.
When their mother can no longer care for them, eleven-year-old Deirdre and her brothers board the Orphans' Train for placement with families out West, but Deirdre, a talented singer, finds a different type of family when she joins a traveling vaudeville troupe. Includes a note on the Children's Aid Society which operated the orphan trains from 1854 to 1930.
Provides information about all aspects of the universe: galaxies, the solar system, stars, asteroids and meteoroids, space exploration and more. Includes related hands-on activities and projects.
Provides step-by-step instructions for creating twenty-nine Christmas ornaments, including a spoon reindeer, a necktie wreath, and a paper gingerbread boy.
Describes some of the many different animals, from anteaters to the great cats, that prey on other creatures in rainforests.
Describes the food chain that exists in rainforests and the plants and animals that are part of it.
A novel in diary form in which the youngest daughter of Czar Nicholas II describes the privileged life her family led up until the time of World War I and the tragic events that befell them.
In 1927 the Dixons move from rural Georgia to Chicago, where African Americans have more opportunities, and there Lorraine meets a famous movie actress and her little brother Marcus finds that his artistic talents are useful.
A poetic celebration of Magic Johnson and his quicksilver moments of triumph on the basketball court.
Discusses the personal life and baseball career of the young man from Michigan who achieved his dream to play shortstop for the New York Yankees.
A Swiss orphan is heartbroken when she must leave her beloved grandfather and their happy home in the mountains to go to school and to care for an invalid girl in the city. Illustrated notes throughout the text explain the historical background of the story.
The adventures of the three Darling children in Never-Never Land with Peter Pan, the boy who would not grow up. Illustrated notes throughout the text explain the historical background of the story.
A cat tries to run away from a rain cloud, but when the rain comes she finds that it is cool, tickly, gentle, clean, and lovely.
A newly illustrated version of the well-known poem about an important Christmas visitor.
Rhyming text and illustrations briefly point out what animals have teeth, their uses, and how to care for them.
Presents a yoga program describing the exercises, breathing techniques, routines, and games used to develop strength and flexibility.
In seventeenth-century London, Meg, who has little interest in cooking, needlework, or other homemaking skills, dreams of becoming a bookseller and someday inheriting her widowed father's book store.
Presents a series of activities, arranged in order of difficulty, that teach the operation of multiplication.
Discusses American life during World War II, depicts a year in the lives of two fictional families, and presents projects and activities, such as deciphering codes, making a mobile out of found objects, and baking a sweet potato pie.
In this Southwestern version of the Gingerbread Man, a tortilla runs away from the woman who is about to cook him.
Describes the life, basketball career, and daily routine of Tamika Whitmore, a player with the New York Liberty, a team in the Women's National Basketball Association.
Doomed to sleep for one hundred years by a wicked fairy, a beautiful princess finally awakens with the kiss of a prince.
As Noah constructs the ark to withstand the great flood, birds fly around the world spreading the news to their animal friends.
Introduces the climate, rotation, and behavior of the Earth, as well as its place in the solar system.
An educated, inquisitive young girl in Philadelphia corresponds with President Thomas Jefferson about current events, including the Lewis and Clark expedition, new inventions, and life at Monticello.
Young Michael Jordan, who is smaller than the other players, learns that determination and hard work are more important than size when playing the game of basketball.
When Mary gives Mendel, a young handicapped boy, the gifts presented to the baby Jesus from the three wise men, Mendel distributes them to those in need and receives a miracle in return.
An introduction to ice hockey, describing the history of the sport, equipment required, and the skills and practice necessary.
Discusses the ethical issues surrounding the Food and Drug Administration's regulation of the testing, marketing, and sale of drugs in the United States.
Retells the story of King Christian X and the Danish resistance to the Nazis during World War II.
A biography of the man who overcame childhood poverty and serious illness to become a successful composer, music arranger, and television producer.
Describes the parts of a trumpet, the history of the instrument, and how it is played.
Introduces the geography, history, economy, government, culture, food, and people of Cambodia.
Descriptive text and eyewitness accounts describe how Jews from around the world fled persecution in their homelands and came to North America.
Photographs and simple text explore the many different things one can do at home.
An introduction to what life was like on the Oregon Trail, describing the wagons, daily routines, food, clothing, Native Americans encountered on the way, and dangers.
Introduces life in a Hopi village in seventeenth-century Arizona, discussing the homes, families and clans, food, clothing, beliefs, and entertainment.
Illustrations and simple text describe different kinds of police officers and the work they do.
Discusses the personal life and baseball career of the young man from Michigan who achieved his dream to play shortstop for the New York Yankees.
Storky Stork helps the ornery Billy Goat when his bad actions and attitude cause everyone to lose trust in him. Includes factual information about storks.
After her friends help her get the lead in the third grade play, Francine becomes so intent on making the play perfect that she almost ruins it.
Text and photographs present stories of girls who ride in rodeos, show jump, train miniature horses and wild ponies, and live on a horse farm.
Discusses the history of gymnastics and the development of different gymnastic events that are part of Olympic competition.
A biography of the pro wrestler Kevin Nash, nicknamed Diesel.
Examines the ways that professional wrestlers "finish off" their opponents inside the ring, describing specific holds and finishing maneuvers such as the three-quarter facelock bulldog, the figure-four leglock, and the legdrop.
Presents profiles of some of the women who have achieved success and fame as wrestlers, managers, and valets in the world of professional wrestling.
Describes some of the more well-known feuds between various professional wrestlers from the 1960s to the end of the twentieth century.
Explains the composition and behavior of the sun, our nearest star.
Describes the composition, movements, eclipses, and exploration of the moon, as well as various theories about its formation.
Details astronaut John Glenn's second flight into space in 1998 and contrasts it with his first flight in 1962, discussing training, equipment, and responsibilities.
With the help of her family, a resourceful Mexican American girl realizes her dream of having a space of her own to read and to think.
The members of the Cool Crazy Crickets club decide to earn some money, but they have differences of opinion about how they should spend it.
As the time for her solo flight on the sixteenth birthday approaches, Georgia begins to question the course of her life and her relationships with the other women in her unusual family.
An overview of the geography, history, government, economy, people, and culture of Spain.
A biography of the Team USA soccer goalie from her childhood to the 1999 Women's World Cup championship.
A biography of the Boston Red Sox pitcher who won the Cy Young Award in 1997 and 1999.
Simple text and photographs present the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of a variety of animals living near the North and South Poles, including humpback whales, seals, polar bears, and penguins.
An introduction to the geography, history, government, lifestyles, culture, and current issues of Iran.
Presents a biography of the Cuban-born singer and composer.
Explains how our planet's water is recycled and reused through a series of natural phenomena.
Describes wolves, including their appearance, behavior, and habitat.
Discusses reasons that wolves were almost hunted out of existence in the United States and efforts to reintroduce these animals to certain areas of the northern United States.
Describes how wolves behave as social creatures living in groups called packs and how adult wolves raise their pups.
Discusses the reasons that wolves were feared by some humans and how these feelings have changed.
Describes some of the different sub-species of wolves that can be found around the world.
Describes how wolves find their food, usually in packs, by tracking and attacking their prey.
Describes how and why earthquakes happen, the damage they can cause, ways they are measured, and some of the most destructive quakes of the past.
Presents information about the state of Iowa, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Presents information about the state of Delaware, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Presents information about the state of Idaho, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Describes the formation of the Hawaiian islands and the continuing eruptions of Mt. Kilauea.
Discusses historic and modern devices and other means of replacing damaged or missing parts in humans, including organ transplants, genetic engineering, and computer-engineered limbs.
Describes the sleep and hibernation habits of a dozen animals including the woodchuck, hummingbird, rattlesnake, little brown bat, and human being.
Examines, in a question and answer format, the scientific and cultural aspects of dreams, including such topics as the physiological reasons for dreams, the connection between dreams and religion, and the dream life of animals.
A simple explanation of how the human body works, discussing the five senses, muscles, bones, digestion, the heart, and the brain.
Color photographs and simple text introduce bats, including how they fly, hunt, roost, and care for their young.
Explains the growth and reproduction of plants, how dead plant matter is recycled, and how human actions affect plant life.
Explains how energy is transferred from plants to animals via the food chain.
Describes some of the different ways chocolate can be enjoyed--in  hot chocolate, ice cream, pudding, cookies and sauces.
A young boy describes how he cares for the mother horse and her colt living on his farm.
Shows how different kinds of snakes, including a desert viper, a tree boa, and a rattlesnake, are able to blend into their surroundings.
When she is sent to the small town in South Dakota where she had lived briefly with her great-grandmother after her father's death, fourteen-year-old Mattie must sort out her confused feelings about why she is there, her mother's possible remarriage, and the free-spirited seventeen-year-old she has just met.
Annalisa, the most curious and stubborn of Mama May's children, disobeys her mother and upsets the family cow by refusing to kiss her in return for the milk she gives.
Presents the adventures of a playful dinosaur for beginning readers.
More adventures of the playful dinosaur for beginning readers.
Describes the geography, plants, animals, history, economy, religions, culture, sports, arts, and people of Tennessee.
In four stories, Kate, a young elephant, plays in the snow, learns to appreciate her new quilt, fusses over a lost toy, and quiets the crying of her baby cousin.
Describes the education, training, earnings, and outlook associated with twenty careers in the field of health, including chiropractor, dentist, fitness expert, hospice worker, medical secretary, nurse, physical therapist, and physician.
Describes how the United States Navy was expanded and improved during the Civil War and how ironclads and other armored vessels were used in various military operations.
Relates how two of the children who saw the Virgin Mary appear at Fatima, Portugal, in 1917 became the youngest people honored as "blessed" by the Catholic Church as a step on the way to sainthood. Includes a description of the Fatima shrine today, a prayer, and a glossary.
The town of Hamlet has a very unusual Christmas when aliens crash land in their space ship, escalating the competition between rival clubs, the Copycats and the Tattletales.
A grandfather and his grandson enjoy sharing knock-knock jokes, playing games, hot chocolate, watching movies, reading books, playing baseball and just spending time together.
Examines different techniques and styles that can be used when drawing objects, including painting, sculpting, photomontage, printing, mosaic, and sculpture, showing examples from great artists and giving suggestions for creating your own works.
Surveys twenty-seven promising subspecialties in the field of medicine, discussing educational and personal requirements, certification and licensing, ways to explore the field while still in school, salary statistics, future employment outlook, and sources of additional information.
With the help of the West Wind and the Sun, Coyote persists in trying to bring colors to his desert home, despite the indifference and complaints of the other desert animals.
Jane's mom and grandmother tell her that the Tooth Fairy will pay her money for her loose wiggly tooth, but Jane decides that she would rather keep the tooth.
A beautiful bird with sparkling colors and magical powers visits Babar's son, Alexander, in the middle of the night.
A biography of the developer of Microsoft, Bill Gates, with details of his life and a look at the beginnings of the personal computer industry.
Barney the brown bear accompanies his owner to Harold Hinkel's birthday party, where he suffers several indignities at the hands of Harold's little sister Poppy.
Mouse friends Mildred and Ed, pulled apart by different interests, find that they can successfully do some things together and other things separately.
Discusses the solar system and the planets in it, describing their location, characteristics, and moons.
A guide to using the Internet to learn about careers, educational programs, finding a job, and considering and accepting a job offer.
A collection of 150 devotionals that give the reader the opportunity to spend quiet time with God. Includes suggested readings from the Old and New Testaments, prayer starters, questions to ponder, and facts and fun from the Bible.
Discusses the origins, symbols, and celebration of Chanukah, the eight-day Jewish festival of lights which has been celebrated since the second century B.C.
A German teenager begins to lose his identity and any hope of returning to the present when his time-traveling journeys take him further and further into the past.
A biography of the inventor who changed the world in which he lived with such revolutionary inventions as the phonograph, electric lighting, and motion pictures.
Discusses the settling of the area between the Missouri River and the Rocky Mountains and the conflicting interests of the different groups involved--the Indians, cowboys, farmers, sheepherders, and railroad barons.
A family may have to get rid of their new pet, a cute puppy that eats everything in sight, including toys, bowls, and porches.
Three little monsters make a most unusual cake and prepare other perfectly horrible treats for their mother's birthday.
Shortly after she and her friends visit a local nursing home, twelve-year-old Juliet "Too Smart" Jones finds that her kitten Boots keeps disappearing and then returning home having been brushed and fed.
Black-and-white photographs accompany this version of the song that has come to be considered the African American national anthem.
Provides directions for creating puppets, games, jewelry, toys, and other projects related to such favorite children's songs as "Old MacDonald Had a Farm," "The Eensy, Weensy Spider," and "Rock-a-bye-Baby."
Describes the geography, plants and animals, history, economy, language, religions, culture, and people of Niger.
Simple text describes various occupations for people who like music and what they involve, including composer, instrument maker, and recording engineer.
Ginger the cat's playful walk around the yard brings her more excitement than she expected. Movable flaps conceal portions of the illustrations.
Twelve poems and one traditional song with a variety of illustrations reflect how children feel about themselves.
Provides information about producing goods and services using resource regulation, model economies, various means of predicting production, and private enterprise capitalism.
After stealing a dead man's boots, a poor wandering bagpiper uses them to play a trick on an unfriendly farmer but then finds the trick turned back on him.
Cows Minnie and Moo masquerade as the hero Zorro in order to protect the barnyard, but the results are not quite what they intended.
Examines the nature, history, and ethical aspects of cloning, discussing both humans and other animals.
Introduces the sport of hunting, its history, equipment, skills, techniques, how to get started, and firearm safety.
Teaches basic wire-working skills to create jewelry, gifts, and room accessories. Includes paper clips, beads, needle-nose pliers, and jewelry fittings.
Surveys the life and accomplishments of the celebrated French oceanographer.
Describes how and why tornadoes happen, the damage they can cause, and some of the most destructive tornadoes of the past.
Presents an overview of twenty-two careers in the field of transportation, including job duties and responsibilities; educational, licensing, and certification requirements; suggestions for exploring the occupation; information on employers, salary, and employment outlook; and additional sources.
Weaves the testimony of many Native Americans into a single narrative of childhood and growing up.
Simple text describes various careers for people who are interested in computers, such as software designer, desktop publisher, computer animator, and webmaster, and tells how to begin preparing for these careers.
Briefly describes some careers for people who enjoy sports, such as professional athlete, coach, referee, sports broadcaster, and physical trainer.
Describes the workings of personal computers and how they can be connected to different kinds of networks, including the Internet.
Max the dog describes what his master, the Grinch, does when Christmas comes again to Who-ville.
Eight animals add ingredients to make a cake with unexpected results. Includes Spanish words, a glossary, and recipe for pineapple upside-down cake.
Describes the situation of prisoners in the Civil War, the 150 Federal and Confederate prison camps where they were held, and their care.
Examines the life of Nat Turner and the events leading up to the slave rebellion he led in 1831.
Portrays the treatment and struggles of African Americans during the Revolutionary War and their contributions to the war effort.
While sitting inside their car, two children enjoy the soapy sights and watery sounds of the car wash.
An illustrated collection of stories, poems, carols, recipes, and crafts celebrating the spirit of Christmas.
Presents information about the state of Arkansas, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Explains why hurricanes occur and describes the technology used to study them, the damage they inflict, and some of the more famous hurricanes in history.
Examines the formation and eruption of volcanoes and describes the damage they can cause.
Outlines some of the problems caused by the increasing interaction of suburban dwellers and animals we think of as wild, such as deer, bears, coyotes, and bats, and discusses the need for local strategies to deal with these problems.
Rhyming text and glow-in-the-dark illustrations present such Halloween characters as ghastly ghosts, mysterious mummies, and creepy creatures.
A collection of familiar Mother Goose rhymes, including "Jack Be Nimble," "To Market," and "Ring Around the Rosies."
A brief introduction to the history of the American buffalo and how it was almost hunted into extinction.
Olivia, who is very neat and practically perfect, despairs because her sister Sophia is super-completely and totally the messiest person, no matter where she goes or what she does.
When his beagle Lucy runs off chasing a big orange cat, Bobby must overcome his shyness in order to find them again.
Describes different kinds of roller coasters, their history and  how they opperate and gives examples of each type.
Includes anecdotes recounting the history and lore associated with the numbers on athletes' uniforms.
Describes a variety of superstitions observed by athletes in such sports as baseball, hockey, tennis, and football.
Reviews the eighth grade MCAS exam in English language arts, math, history, social science, and science technology, including test-taking strategies and extensive practice exercises, combined with a humorous storyline.
Reviews the eighth grade FCAT exam in reading, writing, and math, including test-taking strategies and extensive practice exercises, combined with a humorous storyline.
Reviews the Exit-level (tenth grade) TAAS exams in reading, writing, and math, including test-taking strategies and extensive practice exercises, combined with a humorous storyline.
Simple text and photographs depict people engaged in activities that embody the qualities of a teacher.
A biography of the popular talk show host who rose from a childhood of poverty to become one of the most visible women in the nation.
Describes the various defense mechanisms used by caterpillars, frogs, snakes, and other animals to fend off hungry predators.
Demonstrates how to make animal figurines and decorative objects with shells. Includes a field guide to the shells used.
Introduces the career of police detective, focusing on educational requirements, duties, workplace, salary, employment outlook, and possible future positions.
Introduces the career of dental assistant, providing information about educational requirements, duties, the workplace, salary, employment outlook, and possible future positions.
A man who sleeps for twenty years in the Catskill Mountains wakes to a much-changed world.
Presents the diary of the Civil War veteran who led an expedition down the Colorado River to explore the depths of the Grand Canyon.
Introduces the career of fashion designer, providing information about personal and educational requirements, daily activities, salary, employment outlook, and possible future positions.
All the villagers are frightened when the giant postman comes thumping down the street to deliver the mail, but everything changes when Billy takes a letter of his own to the postman's house.
Describes various careers working with animals and what they involve, including animal groomer, pet store owner, and veterinarian.
Discusses three major forest fires in the United States and Canada, including events leading up to them, how they were fought, and their aftereffects
Questions and answers explore the world of social insects, with an emphasis on ants.
Questions and answers explore the world of pinnipeds, with an emphasis on seals.
Questions and answers explore the world of birds of prey, with an emphasis on owls.
Questions and answers explore the world of snakes, with an emphasis on rattlesnakes.
Questions and answers explore the world of wild dogs, with an emphasis on wolves.
Questions and answers explore the world of beetles, with an emphasis on ladybugs.
Questions and answers explore the world of insectivores, with an emphasis on hedgehogs.
Questions and answers explore the world of New World monkeys, with an emphasis on howler monkeys.
Nine-year-old Dora, who has been kept out of school because of her speech impediment, dreams of learning to speak normally as her family joins a group of other Mormons journeying from Utah to New Mexico in 1910.
Pip Squeak the mouse is kept awake all night by the drips from his leaky roof.
When she and her brother discover a cave in the woods near their house, Juliet "Too Smart" Jones is determined to figure out who has been living in it and why.
Examines the formation and evolution of stars and discusses how astronomers study this process.
Presents information about the state of Rhode Island, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Illustrations, photographs, maps, and text introduce the history, culture, religions, and peoples of Israel.
Discusses the physical characteristics, habitat, food, relatives, and extinction of this flying reptile that lived on the earth during the age of dinosaurs.
Discusses the physical characteristics, habitat, food, defenses, and extinction of this huge plant-eating dinosaur.
Discusses the physical characteristics, habitat, food, defenses, relatives, and extinction of the largest meat-eating dinosaur.
Discusses the physical characteristics, food, habitat, relatives, and extinction of the slow-moving vegetarian dinosaur, Stegosaurus.
Discusses the physical characteristics, habitat, food, defenses, relatives, and extinction of the triceratops.
Describes how bald eagles have recovered from the threat of extinction, how they raise their families, and why they are the national bird of the United States.
In 1853, fourteen-year-old Matty runs away from the drudgery of farm life to join Mr. Spencer's famous penmanship school and finds she must meet many challenges to make her way as a female penman.
Curious George inadvertently causes a sensation at his first Halloween costume party.
Examines major environmental issues surrounding air, giving examples of attempts to solve global problems and sources for more information.
Elda Willitts recounts for the Ellis Island Oral History Project her childhood journey to America from Italy in 1916.
Examines the life of the Indian princess Pocahontas and her contact with English settlers, especially John Smith.
Tells the story from the Book of Mormon of Jesus Christ's appearance to the inhabitants of ancient America after his crucifixion and resurrection.
Discusses the latest medical advances made in the field of organ transplants, how and to whom the process is done, and the ethical questions transplants raise.
A biography of the wrestler Rocky Maivia, known as "the Rock."
Surveys the history of tag team wrestling and profiles some notable participants in this sport.
A biography of the wrestler known as "Diamond" Dallas Page.
A biography of the wrestler Ric Flair, known as the "Nature Boy."
Presents historical facts and anecdotes about baseball, basketball, and football, the three most popular professional sports in the U.S.
In cumulative verses using rebuses, a young boy describes all the things he will need since he is not feeling well--until he learns that school is closed because of a snow storm.
Thirteen-year-old Madeline's diaries for 1941 and 1942 reveal her experiences living on Long Island during World War II while her father is away in the Navy.
In 1905 fifteen-year-old Otto describes in his journal how he travels from Finland to America, joining his father in a dreary iron mining community in Minnesota and becoming involved in a union fight for better working conditions.
During the Nazi persecution of the Jews in Austria, twelve-year-old Julie escapes to America to live with her relatives in New York City.
Various characters, including a waterman, an actor, a gallant, and an apple seller, from Shakespeare's London describe the Globe Theatre from their own perspective.
Describes the conquistadores and their dangerous search for gold, jewels, and spices in the South American jungle.
An overview of Thailand that includes information on geography, history, government, lifestyle, language, customs, and current issues.
Discusses the physical characteristics, habitat, food, defenses, relatives, and extinction of the small but fierce meat-eating dinosaur that lived in prehistoric times.
Examines both sides of the debate over whether teens under the age of eighteen should be sentenced to death for committing murder.
Examines the debate over whether or not to have dress codes or uniforms in public schools.
Fourth-grader Norman Gnormal, who behaves a lot like a dog, finds his first real friends when the principal signs him up for the Werewolf Club at school.
An online trip to various Internet web sites reveals a variety of facts about the continent of Africa.
Describes some of the ways that various rainforest animals mate and raise their young.
When he finds his friend Ondene caught in coral and being threatened by a white shark, Little Blue, a young dolphin, enlists the help  of other dolphins, a blue whale, and a school of parrot-fish to rescue her. Includes additional information about dolphins and a game related to the story.
After sneaking away from the herd to follow a cattle egret to a stream, Boubacar, a young African elephant, enjoys a swim until he is confronted by a fierce crocodile. Includes additional information about elephants and a game related to the story.
When their father is driven away from the family by an aggressive outsider, two lion cubs try to learn how to survive on their own. Includes additional information about lions and a game related to the story.
When the little princess hears about the germs and nasties living all around her, she understands the importance of washing her hands a lot.
Explains the physics of water pressure, showing how it makes everyday products such as faucets, spray bottles, and water pistols work. Includes experiments.
Text and simple experiments introduce sound, how it is carried through the air and through objects, and how we hear it.
Three parables about the nature of God suggest that he has the steadfastness of a rock, the brilliance of light, and the power of the wind.
Presents information on the home and work life, food, clothes, education, religion, and other aspects of ancient Egypt. Includes a multimedia disk containing activities, puzzles, games, and experiments.
Presents information on the nature and properties of electricity and magnetism and describes experiments to demonstrate how they work. Includes a multimedia disk containing activities, puzzles, games, and more experiments.
Presents information on the various aspects of weather, its forecasting, and its effects. Includes a multimedia disk containing activities, puzzles, games, and experiments.
Offers advice, in simple text and illustrations, on how to choose, train, and groom a pet dog.
An introduction to the animal kingdom, discussing animal groupings, habitats, communication, feeding, and development.
Introduces the various ways by which people travel including cycles and skates, cars, trucks, emergency vehicles, trains, boats, and helicopters.
Describes the solar system and its planets; discusses the science of studying space; includes "fact files," "amazing facts," and glossary.
A hundred short monologs for teenage performers capture the problems and joys of the teenage years.
Two stories in rhyme about a man with a remarkable sack and the possibility of life under a sink.
Demonstrates the diversity of the African continent by describing daily life in some of its fifty-three nations.
Discusses the history, culture, social structure, beliefs, and customs of the Haida people.
Bradley Bandicoot is perfectly happy living by himself until a new neighbor builds a burrow next door. Includes a Bible verse and facts about bandicoots.
All the squirrels except Sally shun the strange new neighbor, but Sally's kindness is repaid when Squeak saves her life. Includes a Bible verse and facts about squirrels.
When Monty the chipmunk makes two new friends who live in a big, fancy house and have backpacks for collecting nuts, he feels less satisfied with the cozy home he used to love. Includes Bible verses and facts about chipmunks.
When Seth keeps getting in front of Sherman Shrew in line at the school playground, Sherman must learn how to control the anger he feels. Includes Bible verses and facts about shrews.
Edgar the earthworm hates his job digging tunnels underground until a rainstorm forces him up to the surface and his friend Esther shows him the importance of their work. Includes a Bible verse and facts about earthworms.
Billy B. thinks he knows all about cutting timber, so when he goes out to the woods with his father for the first time, he decides not to follow all the rules. Includes a Bible verse and facts about beavers.
Presents twenty-two promising careers in the field of business, discussing job duties, educational and personal requirements, certification and licensing, salary, ways to explore the career while still in school, future outlook, and additional sources of information.
Two stories in rhyme about a girl who wants to get rid of her baby brother and children who have to behave at a luncheon.
Mr. Wiggle describes in rhyme the ways careless readers hurt their books.
Presents the life of William Shakespeare, describing his early years, his development as a poet and playwright, and the historical context in which he lived and worked.
Robby Raccoon always steals from the other animals, but when the stolen goods fall out of his knapsack and the animals think he has returned their possessions, they are so happy that Robby decides he'd rather give than take. Includes a Bible verse and facts about raccoons.
Traces the development of rap music from origins in the hip hop of the 1970s through various controversies to its widespread popularity in the 1990s.
Three friends share a series of experiences--enduring a thunderstorm, looking for a lost feather, going for a ride in a cart, and sailing a toy boat.
Presents over 500 jokes and riddles on a variety of subjects, including animals, outer space, computers, ghosts, monsters, professions, and food.
Traces the life of General Thomas Sumter, whose guerrilla tactics during the Revolutionary War helped American colonists win their independence from Great Britain.
Examines major environmental issues surrounding wildlife, giving examples of attempts to solve global problems and sources for more information.
Illustrations and simple text describe the different parts of a dairy cow and its daily life.
A collection of tales from Egyptian mythology, featuring such deities as Ra, Osiris, and Isis.
A biography of the nineteenth-century British scientist who worked with electricity, told in the form of an imagined interview.
Reveals the variety of plant and animal life supported by the rockpool habitat and explains vital concepts such as food chains and photosynthesis.
Discusses the events and people that have shaped the city of Rome, its history, architecture, notable sights, economy, culture, and way of life.
Discusses the events and people that have shaped the city of New York, its history, architecture, notable sights, economy, culture, and way of life.
Discusses the events and people that have shaped the city of London, its history, architecture, museums, shops, economy, culture, and way of life.
Discusses the events and people that have shaped the city of Paris, its history, architecture, notable sights, economy, culture, and way of life.
Examines the physical and psychological causes of sexual dysfunction, its various forms, its treatment, and its effects on individuals and on society.
A collection of 101 Celtic myths and legends from Ireland, Scotland, Brittany, Wales, Cornwall, the Isle of Man, and other parts of England, retold in shorter form so that they can be read aloud in ten minutes or less.
Introduces the physical characteristics, behavior, habitat, and life cycle of the whale shark.
A brief biography of the author of "The Giving Tree."
Examines the history of polar exploration and the adventures of some polar explorers.
Discusses the outbreak and worldwide spread of the deadly Spanish flu in 1918, methods of treating it, and efforts to study this killer virus and others like it.
An introduction to the popular food, pizza, describing its history, variations, and "fun facts."
Provides an introduction to chocolate, describing its history and some of the forms in which it is enjoyed.
Briefly describes the origin of chewing gum, how it is made, ways it is enjoyed, and other interesting facts.
Briefly describes the history of hamburgers, different ways they are enjoyed, and present-day variations.
Provides a brief introduction to pretzels, describing their history, different kinds of pretzels, and how they are made.
Provides a brief introduction to ice cream, describing the history of this popular food, different flavors, and how it can be enjoyed.
Discusses the history and development of some of the world's fastest boats, describing the specific features and specifications of such vessels as ice boats, catamarans, hydrofoils, and jetboats.
Presents information about the state of South Dakota, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Describes how zoo nutritionists learn what to feed the animals in their care, the feeding procedures used by large zoos, and the nutritional needs of a variety of zoo animal.
Bertie tries to get spiffy for his class picture, but several disastrous events result in him looking "interesting" instead.
When life gets difficult for Ana Rosa, a twelve-year-old would-be writer living in a small village in the Dominican Republic, she can depend on her older brother to make her feel better--until the life-changing events on her thirteenth birthday.
In 1934, in the midst of the Depression, fourteen-year-old Harry James Harmony runs away to find his father who has traveled to Chicago in search of work.
Provides assorted facts about each of the fifty states in question and answer format.
Nine classic fairy tales set in modern, magical landscapes and retold with a twist.
Introduces the career of electrician, discussing educational requirements, duties, work environment, salary, employment outlook, and possible future positions.
Introduces the career of cosmetologist, providing information about educational requirements, duties, the workplace, salary, employment outlook, and possible future positions.
Questions and answers explore the world of sharks, with an emphasis on hammerhead sharks.
Profiles eleven women in various performing arts fields, describing their duties, education, and career paths.
Outlines the basic science theory behind land transport, including how wheels and suspension work, how land transport vehicles are built, how their engines work, and how they are steered and controlled.
Looks at rockets, lunar modules, shuttles, satellites, and probes, in terms of basic space travel theory, gravity, drag, sources of power, design, and steering.
Discusses the geographic features, history, government, people, and attractions of the state of Arizona.
Kitty Cougar enjoys frightening the animals on the farm, but when she almost kills a little lamb, Tin Wren decides to help the naughty kitty earn the other animals' forgiveness. Includes facts about wrens.
A biography of the young tennis player who has been ranked among the top ten women players in the world.
Discusses ways that young people can acquire self-knowledge, balance their physical, mental, and social sides, make good and healthy choices, pursue their dreams, and share themselves with the community.
A collection of folk stories from around the world, each accompanied by background information, that explain the various perspectives of different peoples on how the universe and their world came to be.
A collection of short poems on a variety of topics, including "Classroom," "After the Storm," and "Tow Truck."
An old hag tries to make the most evil creature in the world, but her spell goes wrong and she ends up with an annoyingly sweet little girl instead.
Arriving for a vacation on Holiday Island, penguins Gus and Gertie stumble into a hotel full of Bad Guys and have a beautiful, valuable deep-sea pearl stolen from them.
Joe Lion, desperate to get bigger, acquires a pair of boots that make him taller, but he soon finds that they bring certain disadvantages and that he prefers being himself.
A biography of an Italian peasant who immigrated to America in the early twentieth century and endured poverty and the difficult life of an unskilled laborer, determined to become a published poet.
After bringing home a large egg that they find in the Milky Way, Bel and Bub have trouble finding enough food for the big bird that hatches from it.
Presents a biography of the star player for the Houston Comets of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Explains how a Jewish family celebrates the special day known as Shabbat each week.
Examines the creation of the original thirteen colonies in the United States, from the failed colony of Roanoke in 1587 to the formation of the Georgia colony in 1733.
Halloween brings excitement and thrills for Angelina and her little sister Polly, who gives her an unexpected scare.
Uses silly jokes and light-hearted cartoons along with serious advice to help readers recognize the causes of stress and its effects and learn how to handle worry, anxiety, and stress.
On Friday, kosher fish compete for the honor of being caught by fishermen and served at the Sabbath meal.
Describes the events at different levels of rodeo competition, from mutton busting for very young participants to high school and college rodeos and on to the professional level.
Demonstrates that "hands are not for hitting" by suggesting many positive uses for them, such as saying hello, playing, creating, and helping.
Introduces the history, customs, meaning, and celebration of Christmas.
Introduces the history, customs, meaning, and celebration of Chanukah.
Introduces the history, customs, meaning, and celebration of Thanksgiving.
Introduces the history, customs, meaning, and celebration of Kwanzaa.
Presents the history and meaning behind the observance of Martin Luther King, Jr., Day.
Presents the life of the celebrated member of the famous political family who died in a plane crash in 1999.
When it snows in October, two friends build a snowman using a pumpkin as its head.
A lazy man's daydreams delight Raven the creator who brings the season of light to the man's cold, dark village.
Fourteen-year-old John creates alternative realities in his mind as he tries to deal with his mother's abusive boyfriend, his crush on a beautiful, but shallow classmate and other problems at school.
Presents a biography of the star player for the Washington Mystics of the Women's National Basketball Association.
An illustrated retelling of Celtic tales, including "The Hound of Culan" and "The Death of King Arthur."
A collection of tales relating the exploits and adventures of the gods and heroes of Norse mythology.
A collection of myths relating the exploits and adventures of the gods and heroes of ancient Greece.
Describes parts of a well-known animal and invites the reader to identify it.
Describes parts of a well-known animal and invites the reader to identify it.
Describes the variety of plant and animal life supported by the pond habitat, explaining how these habitats are threatened and how they can be preserved for the future.
An introduction to tornadoes, describing the origin of tornadoes, the damage they cause, where they occur, how to be safe during a tornado, and more.
Describes the similarities and differences between the three planets closest to Earth and provides information about their surface features, physical makeup, and more.
Discusses the life and career of the actor who won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in the movie "Jerry Maguire."
Presents information about the state of Vermont, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Presents information about the state of Nevada, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Presents information about the state of Oklahoma, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
After moving to the country, thirteen-year-old Brad, who has always wanted a dog, adopts a motherless coyote.
Examines the latest developments in the peace process between Israel and the displaced Palestinians led by Yasir Arafat.
Describes early models, major parts, and the workings of cargo ships.
Describes early models, major parts, and the workings of freight trains.
Describes early models, major parts, and the workings of transport helicopters.
Describes early models, major parts, and the workings of delivery trucks.
Describes the education, training, earnings, and outlook associated with twenty careers in the field of math, including auditor, bookkeeper, computer programmer, engineer, math teacher, and statistician.
Describes the education, training, earnings, and outlook associated with twenty-two careers in the fields of travel and hospitality, including bellhop, bartender, flight attendant, hotel manager, pilot, resort worker, and tour guide.
Describes the life and soccer career of Mia Hamm, who helped the United States win a gold medal in soccer in the 1996 Olympics.
Examines the life and career of the only tennis player in history to win the singles and doubles titles in the same Grand Slam event for three consecutive years.
Surveys the history of bodybuilding and profiles some notable participants in this sport.
A traditional Buddhist tale about one of the Buddha's past lives as a giant turtle who carried forests, villages, rivers, and lakes on its back.
Angelina and her cousin Henry help bring Christmas to a lonely old postman.
Angelina is too sick to dance well during the tryouts for the lead in the "Princess of Mouseland" ballet, but when the leading ballerina sprains her foot, Angelina is ready to prove she is still the best dancer of all.
Angelina's annoyance at having to take her little cousin Henry to the fair turns into friendship after a day filled with adventures and surprises.
Angelina's excitement over the arrival of a new baby turns to jealousy when her little sister becomes the center of attention.
Angelina loves to dance and wants to become a ballerina more than anything else in the world.
Profiles four professional baseball players who might serve as fitness role models for young adults: Ivan Rodriguez, Mark McGwire, Brady Anderson, and Ken Griffey, Jr.
Though everyone eagerly awaits the rain, it is slow in coming.
Presents information about the state of Mississippi, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Presents information about the state of Kansas, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Presents information about the state of North Dakota, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Wynona longs for a beautiful new dress to wear to her graduation from sixth grade, even though she knows that her mama cannot afford to buy one for her.
A poetic celebration of the whooping crane, one of the rarest birds in North America.
Box Turtle feeds, sleeps in a hollow log until near dark, builds her nest, and lays four eggs, thus completing her job as a mother.
Simple text and photographs present the features and care of birds that can be kept as pets.
Discusses the history, development, habits, and care of Persian cats.
Simple text and photographs present the features and care of rabbits.
Simple text and photographs present the features and care of hamsters.
Simple text and photographs present the features and care of dogs.
Simple text and photographs present the features and care of fish that can be kept as pets.
Simple text and photographs present cats and their basic care.
Surveys and describes the three main roping events in rodeo: calf roping, steer roping, and team roping.
Examines the lives and careers of the two African-American sisters who became sensational successes in the professional tennis world.
A biography of this WNBA star from her early life in the streets of Watts to her professional basketball success and lucrative endorsement deals.
Simple text, photographs, and diagrams introduce the skeletal system and its purpose, parts, and functions.
A description of fear using simple vocabulary.
Simple text and photographs describe and illustrate the holiday that was created in 1966 to honor African Americans.
Presents, in simple text and photographs, the history of Hanukkah and how it is celebrated.
Simple text and photographs describe and illustrate Chinese New Year and how it is celebrated.
Arthur is looking forward to having his friend the Brain spend an entire weekend at his house, but then the Brain shows up and starts acting a little too much like the perfect family member.
Discusses the history, culture, social structure, beliefs, and notable people of the Cheyenne.
Describes the parts of a snowplow, how it works, and the work it does to clear the roads of ice and snow.
Explains how jet planes operate and some of the uses that the military makes of them, describing the design and functioning of such examples as the F-15, the AV-8B Harrier, and the F-22 stealth plane.
Biographies of four notable men in the world of physical fitness training, including Joe Weider, Jack LaLanne, Jake Steinfeld, and Richard Simmons.
Describes the life of this groundbreaking marine biologist and diver, as seen through the eyes of her grandson.
While trying to hide her horse, Maddie meets up with two Yankee soldiers who make her change her mind about who is right and who is wrong in the war between North and South.
While trying to make friends, a Hoodie manages to scare off some sheep, cows, and children, before finding the one thing that will make him truly happy.
In a series of alphabetically arranged scenes, a cabbage cries over coleslaw, eggs exit, oranges object, and other foods are pictured to represent all the letters of the alphabet.
Gisselda and Bop, true children of the circus, stand up to the snarling tiger on the terrible day that the whole performance goes wrong.
Waldo leads the reader through text and illustrations of pirate lore.
When he is left behind at the house of a very bad little girl, Santa's grouchiest elf must find a way to improve her behavior so that Santa will return the following Christmas and take him back to the North Pole.
A biography of Abigail Adams, wife of second United States President John Adams, and a dedicated wife and mother who spoke up against slavery and for women's rights.
Presents facts about large animals, from whales, bears, lions, and tigers to giant birds, insects, and reptiles.
A mother koala and her joey feed and observe the other animal inhabitants of their fragile eucalyptus forest home.
A young snow leopard hunts among the other animal inhabitants of her snow-covered home in the Himalayan peaks of northern India.
In 1778 fifteen-year-old Cuff, a slave on an island off the coast of Rhode Island, joins the Continental Army and experiences the horrors of the Battle of Rhode Island as he fights for his own personal freedom.
A biography of the noted statesman and inventor, featuring excerpts from his letters, pamphlets, essays, scientific papers, and autobiography.
The author recalls his experiences as a migrant laborer and carnival worker after he ran away from home at age sixteen.
A reproduction of the 1928 edition including more than eighty traditional rhymes accompanied by numerous art-deco illustrations.
A prominent children's book author and illustrator shares her life, her daily activities, her interest in environmental preservation, and her creative process, showing how all are intertwined.
A child wonders about what happens to a balloon that is let go, as a parent would wonder about what might happen to a child once he leaves home.
A dog from Planet Woo sees all kinds of sights before visiting Earth and meeting Earth Dog Bob.
For Ava and the other animal dancers, ballet class is an exciting experience.
In search of new stories for his radio program, Whiteblack the penguin sets out on a journey and has some interesting adventures.
Describes a sea horse living in the coral reefs of the central Philippines, its habitat, life cycle, food, and how it protects itself from predators.
An overview of the beliefs and customs of Judaism, including an introduction to sacred texts, a history of the religion, important holidays, and worship practices around the world.
An illustrated overview of world championship wrestling including the stats, honors, and trademark maneuvers of a variety of well-known wrestlers.
Uses Barbie, along with photographs and illustrations, to present a variety of careers, from ballerina to gardener.
A collection of Christmas stories and poems, many accompanied by information about such Christmas traditions as decorating a tree, gift-giving, and Christmas dinners around the world.
Describes the desert habitat of Death Valley and the plants and animals that live there.
Explains life in basic training for the military and provides tips for knowing what to expect and succeeding.
Describes the popular boy band 'N Sync, including information on each boy and a history of the group.
Eighteen-year-old Corey sees a threat to his dream of winning the basketball championship when he discovers that the new player on his team is a girl-stealing, friend-framing, team-destroying force of evil.
Describes various things to do for fun outdoors on sunny days.
Simple text and photographs explain the game of jacks.
Explains in simple terms some of the duties of a mail carrier.
Provides information about the nuclear submarine, discussing the life of a submariner and the rigorous training involved.
Presents information about fishing, including an explanation of the different types of fishing, the equipment needed, and safety tips.
Presents the basics of boating, explaining the parts of the boat, different types of boats, and safety tips.
Three children living in Iceland, Madagascar, and Fiji describe what it is like to live on their specific island.
Three children describe what it is like to live on the plains of Mali, Siberia, and Kansas.
Uses the story of teenagers Luke and Traci to explore questions about dating, love, and sex from a Christian perspective.
Uses the story of high school seniors Doug and Ashley, who are trying to determine what they will do after graduation, to explore questions about knowing God's will.
Describes what it is like when your parents divorce and suggests ways to deal with this situation from a Christian perspective.
Examines the life and contributions of the English mathematician and inventor, whose work with calculating machines caused him to be called the father of the modern computer.
Instructions and illustrations demonstrate how to draw various wildlife from a North American forest habitat, including the bear, owl, and skunk.
Instructions and illustrations demonstrate how to draw various motorized vehicles, including the Ford Model T, Chevy Bel Air, Corvette, Volkswagen Beetle, and Hummer.
A collection of poems by such writers as Lewis Carroll, Ogden Nash, Jack Prelutsky, and Shel Silverstein.
Presents a rhyming game in which the names of different foods are to be rhymed with names of people.
Alphabetically arranged entries provide descriptions of celebrations around the world of some thirty holidays and festivals, including national and cultural holidays, such as Independence day and New Year's Day, which are commemorated on different days for different reasons in a number of countries.
A Halloween version of "The Twelve Days of Christmas," featuring such seasonal gifts as bats, goblins, spiders, worms, and ghosts.
Examines various anxiety disorders, including panic attacks, phobias, agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and post-traumatic stress.
A boy wears his new yellow shirt and is transformed in his imagination into a duck, a lion, a daffodil, a trumpet, and other things.
Describes the exploration and mapping of the American West from prehistoric Indian maps through the geographical information gathered by the Spanish explorers, the expeditions of Lewis and Clark and Zebulon Pike, and the mapping done by the U.S. Army and the railroad companies.
Discusses the causes, events, and aftermath of the War of 1812.
Questions and answers present information about who the Pilgrims were, how and why they came to America on the Mayflower, and what happened in the colony of New Plymouth.
A biography of Babe Didrikson, who broke records in golf, track and field, and other sports, at a time when there were few opportunities for female athletes.
A biography of the naturalist, founder of the Sierra Club, and advisor to presidents on protecting western lands from development.
Introduces the work pharmacists do, the equipment and clothing they use, the required education, and their importance to the communities they serve.
A biography of record-breaking soccer player who helped the United States win a gold medal in soccer in the 1996 Olympics and the Women's World Cup in 1999.
Presents a biography of the St. Louis Cardinal power hitter who broke Roger Maris' single-season home run record in 1998.
Introduces the responsibilities, equipment, necessary schooling, and different kinds of people who take care of children.
Four stories about the antics of a silly sheep named Ruby as she plays in the dirt, eats a cow's corn, makes too much noise, and knocks apples from a tree.
As a member of the college baseball team at State University, Chip Hilton finds his sense of sportsmanship challenged when he is wrongfully suspected of playing for a professional team.
A historical account of Julius Caesar, covering his personal life, political career, assassination, and the Rome of his time.
Discusses the benefits of participating in sports, choosing the right sport, stories on the impact of sports in real girls' lives, nutrition and exercise information, how to get an athletic scholarship, and more.
Discusses the personal life and professional singing career of the award-winning country music star from Canada, Shania Twain.
Examines the life and accomplishments of the well-known ragtime pianist and composer, who wrote over 500 pieces of music, including a ballet and two operas.
Describes seven Halls of Fame that honor special people and accomplishments in music, including the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame, the International Harmonica Hall of Fame, and the American Classical Music Hall of Fame.
Forced by a knee injury to sit out part of the basketball season at State University, Chip Hilton watches in dismay as his team suffers through a losing streak, while his friend Soapy is suspected of a series of robberies.
Explains the principles of air movement, air pressure, and seasonal winds and describes the effects of the wind on landforms, farming, and climate.
Discusses how people cope with, use, and control wind, exploring its effects on clothing, housing, and natural disasters.
A simple retelling of the life of Mary, from her encounter with the angel Gabriel to the birth of baby Jesus.
Discusses the land, history, people, food, clothes, sports, and culture of Greece.
Explains how to measure and record various local weather conditions, including air pressure, temperature, humidity, wind speed and direction, and rainfall, and how to use these statistics to predict future weather conditions.
Presents easy-to-understand principles that explain how the Earth works and what we can do to restore the planet, globally and locally.
A retelling of the Bible story that tells how Moses was saved from death as a baby by his sister and the Egyptian king's daughter.
Introduces the career of computer engineer, providing information about educational requirements, duties, the workplace, salary, employment outlook, and possible future positions.
An online trip to various Internet web sites reveals a variety of facts about the only country that is also a continent.
Briefly describes the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of garter snakes, along with some interesting facts about these snakes.
Briefly describes the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of pythons, along with some interesting facts about these snakes.
Five stories, written in a humorous vein, based on incidents taken from the book of Acts in the New Testament and focusing on the importance of being honest.
A zany mother's rhyming explanations for why things happen.
Presents a brief introduction to the Sioux Indians, including information on their  homes, society, food, clothing, family life, and life today.
Presents a brief introduction to the Algonquin Indians, including information on their homes, society, food, clothing, family life, and life today.
Profiles four martial artists who also received recognition for their roles in motion pictures and television: Bruce Lee, Chuck Norris, Cynthia Rothrock, and Carlos Machado.
Identifies the mutant heroes featured in the "X-Men" comic book and describes their super powers.
Provides information about the physical characteristics, habits, and behavior of such animals as hedgehogs, peacocks, penguins, salamanders, and snakes.
Simple text and photographs describe and illustrate the feeling of sadness and tell how to alleviate it.
Profiles four professional football players who might serve as fitness role models for young adults: Deion Sanders, Shannon Sharpe, Darrell Green, and Wayne Chrebet.
Explains what it takes to become a paratrooper, discusses the combat history of the 82nd Airborne Division, and describes the training necessary for these special soldiers.
Explores a wide range of weather topics, including climate and seasons, wind and gales, lightning and thunderstorms, hurricanes and tornadoes, solar wonders, and weather forecasting.
A retelling of Bible stories illustrating God's relationship with his people through the history of Israel, the ministry of Jesus, and the early church.
Defines loneliness, discusses different situations that can cause it, and suggests ways of dealing with it.
Discusses various ways to stay safe at school, including getting to school safely, avoiding trouble, dealing with peer pressure, doing the right thing, and asking for help.
A young prospector describes his experiences traveling overland to the California gold fields and during the five years he spent digging for gold.
Text and photographs designed to create opportunities for children to talk about their experiences of conflict and the varieties of ways to resolve them.
Mumfie the elephant saves his friends Whale, Pinkey the pig, and Scarecrow from the evil Secretary who is trying to steal the magic powers of the Queen of Night.
While spending a bird-watching summer on Fire Island, the Pye family acquires a small black kitten that can use a typewriter.
Describes six Halls of Fame that honor special people and accomplishments in science and technology, including the National Inventors Hall of Fame, the International Space Hall of Fame, and the Ecology Hall of Fame.
Provides an assortment of facts about life in the sea, including what science deems the first multicellular organisms, the world's highest mountain, and the longest alga.
Text and detailed photographs offer facts about a wide variety of insects, including beetles, wasps, and stick and leaf insects.
Describes the location, climate, history, and importance of the Nile, the longest river in the world.
Discusses the Dead Sea, describing the features that make it unique as well as the scrolls that were discovered in nearby caves.
Discusses the nature, symptoms, triggers, management, and treatment of asthma.
Defines deafness and its possible causes and describes how deaf people can communicate through sign language.
Explains what it is like to be blind and how blind people can use Braille, guide dogs, canes, and other aids to live independent lives.
Briefly describes some of the regions and notable features of France.
Questions and answers present the habitats and behavior of a variety of nocturnal animals, from cats and kiwis to bats, owls, and foxes.
A biography of the French explorer who founded Quebec, discovered Lake Champlain, and was called the Father of New France.
Describes, in simple text and illustrations, what a museum is and the various kinds of things that museums collect and display including fossils, historical artifacts, paintings, and sculptures.
A young boy and a series of animals learn that as babies, they looked like little versions of their mothers and fathers, but a young bullfrog is horrified when he is shown a photograph of himself as a tadpole.
Presents information about Puerto Rico, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Describes how animals adapt to survive, discussing camouflage, mimicry, poisons, defense, adaptations to weather, feeding, and mating.
The author shares memories and stories of growing up with her great-grandmother Ellen, "a messenger for God."
A retelling of three tales from the "Arabian Nights" including "Aladdin," "The Queen of the Serpents," and "Ubar, the lost city of Brass."
Sixth-grade school journalist Casey Smith investigates the apparent haunting of a local cemetery.
More than sixty poems, some with Spanish translations, include such titles as "The Young Sor Juana," "Graduation Morning," "Border Town 1938," "Legal Alien," "Abuelita Magic," and "In the Blood."
A brief biography of the adventurous Englishman who explored America, attempted to establish a colony on Roanoke Island, and searched for gold in South America.
Questions and answers present information about the origins, behavior, and characteristics of dogs and their interaction with humans.
Questions and answers present information about the history, behavior, and characteristics of cats and their interaction with humans.
Martha watches as the new dog her family brings home grows through all the troublesome phases of being a puppy, and even though he does not develop Martha's ability to speak, Skits displays his own unique talent.
Uses everyday examples to show how wedges are simple machines that make pushing, pulling apart, and lifting easier.
Double-page thematic spreads with labeled illustrations introduce Spanish vocabulary and conversational phrases in such areas as clothing, counting, opposites, and weather.
Using a travel guide format, describes  eleventh-century Viking society with information about their homes, food, clothing, customs, voyages, and conquests.
An overview of the beliefs and customs of Islam, including an introduction to sacred texts, a history of the religion, important holidays, and worship practices around the world.
BB is selected from thousands of candidates to train for a trip to Mars, but his first mission is to the Moon to give emergency aid.
Fay Fixit, Steve Spanner, and Lifeguard Sally hurry to Dolphin Bay where Tessa the sea veterinarian is stranded with an injured dolphin.
In four ghost stories, set in nineteenth century Concord, Massachusetts, each of the March sisters has a supernatural encounter.
Describes the history, culture, points of interest, and people of Toronto, Canada's largest city, situated on the north shore of Lake Ontario.
Describes the history, culture, people, commerce, and points of interest of Dallas, the second-largest city in Texas.
Fourteen-year-old Matilda, an apprentice bonesetter and practitioner of medicine in a village in medieval England, tries to reconcile the various aspects of her life, both spiritual and practical.
Presents a brief history of the United States Marine Corps, explains how to enter the Corps and what types of jobs and training are available, and gives a detailed description of the twelve weeks of boot camp.
Simple text and photographs reveal different squares that can be found in the city.
Chronicles the events leading up to Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, the details of the attack itself, and the ensuing reaction of the United States.
Discusses biological and psychological aspects of stress, techniques for stress reduction, and stress management programs.
Twenty-five unusual boys and one girl describe themselves in short verses.
Defines holistic medicine and discusses its treatment of the patient, its use in practice, and its future in health care.
Santa Claus works with his elves to get the toys ready for Christmas Eve, visits all the boys and girls with his presents for them, and relaxes back at home after his work is done.
The reader is warned of what might happen if an old superstition is not heeded.
A history of the Crusades, the series of wars fought by knights to defend Christianity in the Holy Land.
When she is orphaned, the star pupil of Miss Minchin's boarding school in London becomes a penniless, friendless ward of the cruel Miss Minchin.
Presents buildings, plants, animals, people, habitats, and other notable features for each continent of the world.
When the class gerbil escapes from his cage, the children look everywhere for it and find a way to get it to return home.
Simple text and photographs explain the history of Cinco de Mayo and how this commemoration of the victory of the Mexican army over the French army on May 5, 1862, is celebrated.
A child has fun playing with some cats.
All the critters get ready for a day of games, including pond races, leaf slides, and a pine climb.
Esperanza and her mother are forced to leave their life of wealth and privilege in Mexico to go work in the labor camps of Southern California, where they must adapt to the harsh circumstances facing Mexican farm workers on the eve of the Great Depression.
Discusses the history, landscape, people, animals, and culture of the country of England.
Discusses the land, people, and culture of Sweden.
A Viking explains the history, activities, and culture of his people.
A collection of nearly sixty fables from Aesop, including such familiar ones as "The Grasshopper and the Ants," "The North Wind and the Sun," "Androcles and the Lion," "The Troublesome Dog," and "The Fox and the Stork."
Discusses the causes, events, campaigns, personalities, and aftermath of the War of 1812.
When a third grade classmate gets her picture in the paper for winning a spelling bee, Judy is determined to find a way to become famous herself.
Sunita and her fellow volunteers at the Wild at Heart veterinary clinic become involved in efforts to save a bunch of feral and abandoned cats with the help of Dr. Mac.
Vanessa, who has always had the special power to become invisible, discovers that she and her best friend Catty, a time-traveler, are goddesses of the moon who must fight together to overcome the evil Atrox.
A simple biography of the prolific children's author, Beverly Cleary, whose prize-winning writing career spans fifty years.
Presents the fictional diary of thirteen-year-old Nzingha, a sixteenth-century West African princess who loves to hunt and hopes to lead her kingdom one day against the invasion of the Portuguese slave traders.
In 1783, orphaned fourteen-year-old Livy and her cousin Ephraim are taken in by a woodsman and his family, including a young Seneca man who changes Livy's attitudes toward the Indians she was raised to hate and fear.
Bobby thinks that if he had some nice boots he could be famous, but then the man who runs the boot bus tells him about the sandals worn by the greatest man who ever lived.
A biography of the young man who will one day be king of Great Britain, describing his background, interests, and how he has dealt with his parents' divorce and his mother's tragic death.
Examines the life and career of the actress Jennifer Love Hewitt, including her past and present film, television, and singing ventures.
Edwina follows in the footsteps of her namesake great-aunt when she begins to write letters to the mayor about community problems and poses as Edwina the elder.
In hiding from the Soldiers of God, the Oklahoma antigovernment militia group whose members have now turned against him and his parents, a fifteen-year-old boy remembers what it was like to grow up among them.
Poems and haiku verses provides glimpses of life in the city.
A free-spirited, bored, and hungry dog misunderstands an ad for free range chickens, and when he and a friend set out to get some, they discover that the chickens--and the police--have other ideas.
A collection of humorous anecdotes about the ups and downs--mostly downs--of life in high school.
Discusses reasons why bears attack, gives tips on how to avoid bear attacks, and relates stories about such attacks.
Describes the physical characteristics and behavior of elephants, their family groups, food habits, and threats to their existence.
Describes the life of chimpanzees, including social structure, reproduction and child rearing, use of tools and ability to solve problems, and loss of habitat.
Provides general information about rocks and minerals and descriptions of a few common types as well as explaining how to create a collection.
Presents information about some of the difficulties faced by different baby animals as they grow to adulthood.
Rhyming text lists a series of animals in their natural habitats, from a fawn in the grass and a snail underneath a leaf to a buzzing bee and two racing hummingbirds.
A traumatic event near the end of the summer has a devastating effect on Melinda's freshman year in high school.
Discusses the personal life and professional career of the actress, producer and director who has won an Academy Award for her roles in "Accused" and "The Silence of the Lambs."
Third-grader Annie Pitts loves hamburgers and is determined to become the Burger Barn's next poster child.
The special rocking horse that his parents buy for him helps a young boy through a dangerous illness.
When his family moves to a secluded area in western New Jersey after his brother is murdered, Gabriel finds himself involved with three other teenagers, each with his or her own problems, in a series of increasingly violent acts.
Afraid of getting maimed for making fun of Brick, the husky new kid in his fifth-grade class, Nick decides that even his baseball collection will not protect him so he signs up for karate class, despite his little brother's reassurances that Brick is not a bully.
Describes the events leading up to the Revolutionary War, the life of the soldiers, the major conflicts, and the outcome of the war.
Eighth-grade football hero Wallace Wallace is sentenced to detention attending rehearsals of the school play where, in spite of himself, he becomes wrapped up in the production and begins to suggest changes that improve not only the play but his life as well.
Tells the story of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., his life, accomplishments in the civil rights movement, and his impact on American history.
An introduction to the first English settlement at Jamestown, Virginia, with step-by-step instructions for a variety of related projects including a topographical map of the settlement, a model Jamestown house, and wooden spoon puppets.
When he is pulled into another world called Timmra, thirteen-year-old Jackson finds he must fight the horrible monster Baen and arbitrate a mounting struggle between the Timran and Yakonan peoples.
Describes the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of the Florida manatee and discusses some of the reasons it is in danger of extinction.
Describes the habitat, behavior, and endangered status of gorillas and suggests ways to help save them from extinction.
Juhudi the rabbit is able to outsmart a vain and hungry leopard with the help of her friends, Fuko the mole and a lake full of dancing hippos.
An introduction to the basics of good manners, from meeting and greeting people, proper telephone and mealtime behavior, to when it's acceptable to act weird with your friends.
The author interprets parts of the book of Proverbs for very young girls.
Using the Berlin Wall as the focus, traces the history of the Cold War, from the Russian Revolution in 1917 through World War II, and finally to the destruction of the Wall.
While visiting the Outer Banks of North Carolina, the Aldens see a mysterious wild horse that may be a ghost.
Retells the adventures of a French professor and his two companions as they sail above and below the world's oceans as prisoners on the fabulous electric submarine of the deranged Captain Nemo.
With the help of what he learned from a Delaware Indian boy and an accommodating mother raccoon, young Daniel Boone escapes danger when a bear steals his coonskin cap.
Explains the nature, development, addictive qualities, consequences, and legal aspects of the drug MDMA, commonly known as ecstasy.
In 1975, twelve-year-old Richard befriends Napoleon, a Caribbean newcomer to his Catholic school, hoping that Napoleon will learn to love baseball and the Red Sox, and will win acceptance in the racially polarized Boston school.
As their outrageous misfortune continues, the Baudelaire orphans are shipped off to a miserable boarding school, where they befriend the two Quagmire triplets and find that they have been followed by the dreaded Count Olaf.
A biography of the chemist whose work with radium laid the foundation for much of today's scientific knowledge.
A biography of the eighteenth-century Scottish inventor and engineer whose improved designs of the steam engine made its wide use possible.
A biography of the nineteenth-century English scientist who explored electricity and magnetism.
A biography of the prolific inventor best known for his work with the deaf and his invention of the telephone.
Traces the rise of Japan as a military power and the emergence of the United States as a world superpower that found itself drawn into World War II after the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Examines the role of apartheid in the history of South Africa, key figures involved, and how this system eventually ended.
Lame and suddenly orphaned, Kira is mysteriously removed from her squalid village to live in the palatial Council Edifice, where she is expected to use her gifts as a weaver to do the bidding of the all-powerful Guardians.
Provides general information about butterflies and descriptions of different types, as well as explaining how to observe these creatures and how to raise a butterfly from a caterpillar.
Describes the education, training, earnings, and outlook associated with twenty careers in the world of science including botanist, meteorologist, physicist, science writer, and zoologist.
Describes the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of the only large wild cat, other than the American cougar, that is not spotted or striped.
A young boy describes how he cares for the sheep living on his farm.
A simple story highlights such blue things as blue jeans, blueberries, blue sky, and water.
A simple story highlights such green things as green eyes, a green soccer uniform, and salad.
A simple story highlights such white things as vanilla ice cream, a white cat, clouds, and milk.
Illustrations and simple text describe how a pumpkin seed grows into a plant that produces pumpkins for making pies and jack-o-lanterns.
Simple text and photographs show how a seed becomes a dandelion.
Provides general information about helicopters and specific facts about the features and operation of the Apache helicopter.
Defines tsunamis and describes the geologic forces that cause them, as well as the damage they can inflict when the huge walls of ocean water strike land.
Shows how bagels are made and describes the many different ways people eat them.
Describes different kinds of cheese and how they may be eaten.
Describes corn-on-the-cob and several other foods made from corn.
Briefly describes how ice cream is made and some of the ways in which it can be enjoyed.
Describes the special features of the Tomahawk missile and how this weapon works and provides historical information as well as plans for future improvements of the Tomahawk.
Simple text and photographs explain how a tadpole becomes a frog.
Explains how special forces soldiers are chosen and trained, the different kinds of missions for which they are used, how special forces teams are organized, and the specific functions they perform.
Simple text and photographs show how an egg becomes a robin.
Simple text and photographs show the evolution of a moth, from its beginning stages as a caterpillar to an adult.
Discusses the history and development of the United States Air Force's Spectre gunship, its design and special features, and some of the missions it has flown in Vietnam, Panama, and in Kosovo in 1991.
A simple story highlights such orange things as orange juice, an orange jacket, carrots, and an orange sunset.
A simple story highlights such yellow things as the sun, butter, baby chicks, and corn.
Explains in simple terms some of the work that paramedics do.
A young boy describes how he cares for the goats living on his farm.
A young boy describes how he cares for the chickens living on his farm.
A young girl explains how she cares for her cows and defines words such as "calf" and "dairy cow."
Discusses the history and development of the United States Air Force's Stealth bomber, its design and special features, and some of the missions it has flown in Operation Desert Storm and in Kosovo in 1999.
Examines the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of whales and describes the different types.
After releasing a captive genie from a bottle, a poor fisherman must rely on his wits when instead of wishes the genie promises revenge.
Examines various aspects of life during the Middle Ages, including the feudal system, knights and chivalry, life in a castle, and battle during medieval times.
Alex is unhappy living with her mother's parents in Indiana while her mother and alcoholic father remain in Texas, and her life becomes more complicated when she uses her computer to act on her suspicions about her grandparents' new neighbor, who Alex is certain is a criminal.
Thomas the tank engine and Bertie the bus agree to race to see who is faster.
Introduces the geography, history, animals, food, and culture of Egypt.
Describes the lives and physical fitness routines of movie stars Sylvester Stallone, John Travolta, Bruce Willis, and Wesley Snipes.
Describes the lives and physical fitness routines of movie stars Demi Moore, Cher, Goldie Hawn, and Lucy Lawless.
The Aldens participate in a three-day bicycle ride and soon find that someone seems to be intent on keeping others from completing the event.
Describes some of the reasons children might be required to wear leg braces and how they are helpful.
Uses the experiences of a teenager and problems in his relationships with his parents and a friend to explore constructive ways to handle conflicts.
Discusses the racing career, life, and accomplishments of the youngest driver to win the Winston Cup title.
By following clues from a dream and taking photographs of endangered wilderness areas, eleven-year-old Sarah and a Native American environmentalist try to prevent the commercial development of a southwestern canyon.
An illustrated collection of rhymes from such authors as A. A. Milne, Robert Louis Stevenson, Langston Hughes, Eve Merriam, X. J. Kennedy, and Dorothy Aldis.
When Bel gets angry, Bub and his friend Meph build a grumpy snow angel to make fun of her, and then Bel's anger gets her in trouble.
Two little angels receive a package that causes trouble, until they learn how to share.
Hugh Mills the marlin, Rippy Tance the porpoise, and six other sea creatures demonstrate the value of humility, repentance, and other godly character traits.
Warned not to get into his usual mischief, Mother Holly's cat tries to tidy up all the mess he has made while she is away.
A dictionary for students ages eight to twelve with meanings and uses given for more than 32,000 words. Includes explanatory introductory material.
Each letter of the alphabet is represented by a picture surrounded by words beginning with that letter and featuring illustrations of children and the appropriate words.
Although mistreated by her stepmother and stepsisters, Cinderella meets her prince with the help of her fairy godmother.
Amy's new kitten keeps her busy with his energetic activities, but she is glad he is so adventuresome when his tree climbling helps her rescue a neighbor.
An illustrated science encyclopedia arranged in such categories as "Planet Earth," "Living Things," "Chemistry and the Elements," "Materials and Technology," "Space and Time," and "Conservation and the Environment."
Simple text, photographs, and diagrams introduce the respiratory system and its purpose, parts, and functions.
Simple text, photographs, and diagrams introduce the nervous system and its purpose, parts, and functions.
The popular doll Barbie introduces numbers through photographs of objects that can be counted.
Describes parts of a well-known animal and invites the reader to identify it.
Heinrich and Friedrich, two brothers in Prussia in the 1880s, travel separately to America and end up working on adjacent farms in Vermont.
Four poems take a little bear through the seasons of the year.
Challenges the reader to examine photographs and find the wild animals hiding in their surroundings, including monkeys, bears, and sloths.
Challenges the reader to examine photographs and find the polar animals hiding in their surroundings, including seals, foxes, and penguins.
Shows how different kinds of insects, including moths, an inchworm, a ladybug, and a grasshopper, are able to blend into their surroundings.
Shows how different kinds of birds, including a goldfinch, an owl, a parrot, and a hummingbird, are able to blend into their surroundings.
Describes what a windy day is like and some of the things that the wind can do.
Explains in simple terms some of the duties of a librarian.
A young girl is happy with her parents and her toys, but things change when her baby brother is born.
In this illustrated version of a familiar song, a mouse tries to get rid of a pesky, unwanted playmate.
A young Chippewa girl follows a firefly as it reveals the secrets of the night, the many creatures that share her forest home, on her way to sleep. Inspired by Longfellow's "Song of Hiawatha."
Daisy, an eight-year-old black girl living in rural Vermont in the 1890s, is given a black doll by her teacher and becomes uncomfortable that her skin is a different color from that of her classmates, until she finds the courage to speak from her heart.
Describes the part of an orange, several kinds of oranges, and different ways to eat oranges.
Discusses the lives of three children who live in desert areas of the world.
Describes what firefighters wear, the equipment they use, and how they fight fires.
A young boy describes his activities on a rainy day.
Simple text and pictures explore the different kinds of circles that can be found in the city.
A young boy describes how he cares for the pigs living on his farm.
Simple text and photographs challenge the reader to find fish hidden in their natural environment.
Follows the journey of an acorn and explains how it becomes an oak tree.
Introduces the color red through illustrations of objects such as a wagon, bowl of tomato soup, ladybug, and an apple.
Presents the history, important people, and famous places of the Old Dominion state, as well as miscellaneous facts about Virginia today.
Presents the history, important people, and famous places of the Lone Star state, as well as miscellaneous facts about Texas today.
Describes how a British plowman unearthed a collection of Roman silver in the 1940s and the events that followed this tremendous discovery.
Presents the history, important people, and famous places of Illinois, as well as miscellaneous facts about the state today.
Presents the history, important people, and famous places of the Golden State, as well as miscellaneous facts about California today.
Describes deep sea diving, its history, dangers, and some divers' underwater adventures.
Introduces the career of animal caretaker, discussing educational requirements, duties, work environment, salary, employment outlook, and possible future positions.
Although she hopes to impress the other prairie dogs with her singing, Patty discovers that she already has an important special talent. Includes a Bible verse and facts about prairie dogs.
A collection of humorous poems such as "The Dancing Hippopotami," "You Can't Make Me Eat That," "My Father's Name is Sasquatch," and "Dear Wumbledeedumble."
Presents information about the state of Kentucky, its nickname, motto, and emblems.
Crispin, the little pig who has everything, gets the one thing that he doesn't have on Christmas morning when he receives a mysterious box.
An investment guide for new investors, including stock market games and investment clubs, interviews with teens who have invested, investing advice, and additional resources.
A light-hearted introduction to the life and training of a Roman gladiator.
Parallel biographies of Sioux leader Sitting Bull and Indian Agent James McLaughlin show how the representatives of their two nations came into conflict as their cultures clashed.
A Catholic Bible with maps, reading plans, special indexes, timeline, and photos.
Provides information about the origins, composition, and appearances of comets, meteors, and asteroids.
Describes the two largest planets in our solar system, including their formation, location, appearance, and moons.
A biography of the chemist whose work with radium laid the foundation for much of today's scientific knowledge, told in the form of an imagined interview.
A biography of the teacher and inventor best known for his work with the deaf and his invention of the telephone, told in the form of an imagined interview.
A biography of the inventor responsible for the electric light bulb and other important inventions and innovations, told in the form of an imagined interview.
Describes the physical characteristics and habits of various kinds of spiders and of centipedes and millipedes.
Describes the formation, structure, and atmosphere of the earth and its moon, with up-to-date color photographs.
Describes the characteristics of the sun, including its origins, composition, and surface features, and its importance to life on Earth.
Introduces the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of the hammerhead sharks.
Discusses the illegal use of heroin as a narcotic, describing how it is taken and its physical effects on the body, especially on the veins.
Describes what people wore in early America, discussing colonial, Puritan, and Native American styles.
Discusses the historic ride to announce the coming of British troops to Massachusetts at the beginning of the Revolutionary War.
Examines the history, unique features, and exploration of the ninth planet from the sun.
Examines the history, unique features, and exploration of Uranus, the seventh planet from the sun.
Describes the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of this large scavenger bird.
Defines worry and discusses ways in which it can be both beneficial and harmful.
Examines the planet Earth, including its geology, atmosphere, climate, seasons, moon, and its place in the solar system and the universe.
Briefly surveys the Revolutionary War and describes the battle at Yorktown which forced the British to surrender and ended the war.
Describes how various football teams won the Super Bowl with the help of key players such as Joe Montana, Doug Williams, and John Elway.
Follows the life and football career of Troy Aikman, who has led the Dallas Cowboys to three Super Bowl victories.
Examines some notable upsets in the history of the National Football League, in which lesser teams defeated better teams.
Alphabetically arranged articles on 107 poets from around the world, accompanied by fifteen essays on various genres and schools of poetry.
Discusses the various types of anemia, as well as its causes, symptoms, treatment, and preventative measures.
A poem eulogizing the Mexican American labor activist Cesar Chavez and his work helping organize migrant farm workers.
Excitement spreads through Rickety Barn Farm as the animals hear about and plan for putting on a show.
Presents a collection of prayers, psalms, and spiritual poetry accompanied by thematically related works of art from the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Worn out from his duties as President of the First Animal Bank and Editor of the Bean Home News, Freddy decides to relax for the duration of the summer by taking a position as caretaker of a large estate.
When Centerboro seems to be overwhelmed by a crime wave, Freddie determines to catch the culprits with the help of Uncle Ben, the farm animals, and a special Dragon.
A collection of quotations from the twenty-six books that Walter R. Brooks wrote about Freddy the Pig and his friends on and around Bean Farm.
Introduces the career of human services worker, providing information about educational requirements, duties, the workplace, salary, employment outlook, and possible future positions.
A dictionary of terms and concepts related to art history and art techniques, including artists and schools of art.
Explains how lifelong participation in sports promotes health, confidence, and life skills, and how girls can get the most out of various levels of competition.
Describes the lives of the two African-American sisters who stunned the professional tennis world with their rapid rise to the top.
A board book with maracas as part of the cover presents words from the familiar song, "Row, Row, Row Your Boat."
A board book with a drum as part of the cover presents words from the familiar song, "This Old Man."
A board book with bells as part of the cover presents words from the familiar song, "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star."
A board book with a tambourine as part of the cover presents words from the familiar song, "Old MacDonald."
Provides information on the physical makeup, surface features, and moons of the three planets farthest away from Earth.
Describes the variety of plant and animal life supported by the forest habitat, explaining how these habitats are threatened and how they can be preserved for the future.
Looks at ladybugs and other beetles in their natural habitats, with information on how to observe these creatures without harming them or their environment.
Describes butterflies and moths in their natural habitats, with information on how to observe these creatures without harming them or their environment.
Describes slugs and snails in their natural habitats, with information on how to observe these creatures without harming them or their environment.
Explains such dynamic forces of nature as volcanoes, fumaroles, hot springs, and geysers.
A first look at the land, people, and gods of ancient Egypt.
A biography of the Russian physiologist who won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1904 for research on the digestive system and is perhaps best known for his research on dogs.
Explains how and why the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments to the Constitution protect the rights of those accused of a crime.
Describes the different types of balloons, the history and dangers of ballooning, and some aeronauts' adventures.
Simple text and photographs describe and illustrate happiness and how to enjoy it.
Simple text and photographs describe and illustrate anger and ways to alleviate it.
Surveys programs and individuals dedicated to preserving birds and bird habitats.
Describes the different attitudes people have toward snakes and discusses why they should be protected and their habitats preserved.
Describes how snakes move, reproduce, and hunt for food.
Describes the physical appearance, habitat, and behavior of various types of common snakes.
Describes how various types of snakes hunt, kill, and eat their prey.
Describes venomous snakes of the world, including cobras, rattlesnakes, coral snakes, and pit vipers.
Describes the appearance and behavior of various snakes around the world, such as garter snakes, boa constrictors, king snakes, and pythons.
Provides an assortment of facts on dinosaurs, including those science deems the first feathered, the fastest runner, and the fiercest predator.
Examines the history, unique features, and exploration of Neptune, the eighth planet from the sun.
A goose tries out a few places to make her nest before finally settling on an old straw hat.
Dr. Fox, Henrietta Hen, and Nick Hare are worried when a pig moves into their building, but they are pleasantly surprised at what a good neighbor he turns out to be.
Misadventures abound when the Ricko Slicko Advertising Agency arranges popularity and fame for clumsy Wally McDoogle, young writer of superhero stories.
A mathematics textbook covering the skills necessary for careers in technical or engineering fields.
A biography of the English naturalist who, after collecting plants and animals from around the world, came up with the theory of evolution by natural selection.
Briefly describes the Halls of Fame that honor special people and accomplishments in baseball, football, basketball, hockey, and motor sports.
Alex follows the advice of his mother, father, sister, and teacher hoping to grow taller, but it is his very tall uncle's advice that really makes a difference.
The mountain of Salamandastron needs the help of Brocktree the Badger Lord when evil comes in the form of the Blue Hordes of Ungatt Trunn, the Earth Shaker.
In a series of diary entries and email letters, Venola describes how her boring year in seventh grade turned exciting after the arrival of a handsome new student.
After swallowing the Hunger Monster, Jiro begins eating everything in sight, until his family finds a way to lure the monster out of Jiro's stomach.
"This unique reference book focuses on scientific development in the 16th and 17th centuries, when the field of science underwent tremendous advances and discoveries. The 441 articles cover scientists, processes, phenomena, philosophy, religion, and professional societies."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
Simple text, photographs, and diagrams introduce the muscular system and its purpose, parts, and functions.
When she and her mother move to an apartment in New York City after her parents decide on a trial separation, sixteen-year-old Sammie learns to deal with her mother's fragile mental state, her best friend's self-centeredness, several new friendships, and her own budding sexuality.
A variation on the familiar song, "This Old Man," in which an increasing number of dogs look for treats.
An extremely unhappy ten-year-old magically escapes into a city he has built out of books, chessmen, candlesticks, and other household items.
Discusses the causes and effects of diabetes and ways to control the disease.
Questions and answers present the habitats and behavior of a variety of polar animals, from penguins and arctic foxes to reindeer and baleen whales.
Briefly describes some of the major cities and regions of Indonesia, as well as its people, foods, animal life,  and more.
Rhyming text, illustrations, pop-ups, and liftable flaps present the letters of the alphabet and various things for which they can stand.
In a series of letters to his parents, Little Wolf describes his attempts to create "the scariest school in the world" and convince his ghostly Uncle Bigbad to teach a magic class.
Explains reasons for using birth control (including abstinence) to prevent pregnancy and disease; provides options for making a decision and getting help; and describes available choices.
Five stories, written in a humorous vein, based on incidents taken from the Old Testament and focusing on the importance of having faith.
A young Comanche boy experiences his tribe's conflicts with the Tejanos in 1840s Texas.
Discusses the fundamental skills of basketball--dribbling, passing, shooting, and rebounding; understanding the team concept; dealing with difficult situations; and more.
A close-up look at volcanoes of the past and present, examining the scientists who study them and explaining how and why they erupt.
Simple text and photographs introduce wolves, depicting how they hunt and travel in packs, communicate, and care for their pups.
Discusses the elements of poetry, some different types of poetry, how to find ideas, and making changes to what you write.
Discusses the history and use of puppets, different kinds of puppets and how to make them, and putting on a puppet show.
Discusses different kinds of writing, how to get ideas, practice writing, and editing and revising.
A brief biography of the well-known author of the "Little House" books, which tell the story of the writer's family life and experiences growing up on the frontier.
An easy-to-read biography of J. K. Rowling, the English author of the popular Harry Potter series of children's books.
A simple biography of the multitalented author who wrote the well-known children's books, "Charlotte's Web" and "Stuart Little."
Spending the summer with her strong-willed politician grandmother, fourteen-year-old Mad achieves breakthroughs in both her horseback riding and her Scottish dancing and begins to develop the self-confidence she has always lacked.
Presents instructions for drawing various space craft and vehicles, real and imaginary.
Discusses the history, development, habits, and care of Siamese cats.
Saint Francis, who loves all animals, explains to a sullen donkey why his kind have always had to work hard, but also tells him of a donkey's role in the first Christmas.
Provides information on conditioning for hiking, first aid and survival skills, what to wear, safety tips, and more.
A child describes how Dexter the cat had always been part of the family and how much he was loved even after he died.
Simple text and photographs present the experience of taking a ride on a ferry.
Simple text and photographs present the experience of taking a ride on a boat.
Photographs and simple text describe a subway ride, including walking down into the station, going through the turnstile, waiting for the train, riding inside the crowded car, and waving to the conductor after exiting.
Although they are left at the wrong park, two friends manage to have their own softball practice.
Describes how the native peoples that lived on the Great Plains built their tipis, the unique dwellings they used for shelter and other purposes.
Introduces the physical characteristics, behavior, habitat, and life cycle of the mako shark.
Describes the issue of sexual identity, providing insight on what it means to be heterosexual, bixexual, or homosexual.
Explains the basic economic principles of investing and saving.
Describes sexual harrassment of teens by other teens and gives information on how to get help if one is being harrassed.
Discusses marijuana, the most widely used illegal drug in the United States, emphasizing its damaging physiological effects on the mind and body, most especially the lungs,
A brief introduction to the sport of riding a board on the water while being pulled by a boat, discussing techniques, equipment, and performing tricks.
Describes the life of American composer Charles Ives, who wrote music which expressed all the sounds he heard in the world, but which was not well received during his lifetime.
A biography of the seventh president from his childhood in South Carolina, through his military career in the War of 1812, to his death.
In 1863 Pennsylvania, twelve-year-old Ben and his dog Captain set off in search of Ben's brother, who is missing from the Union Army.
The angels send Hannah on a mission to Athens to help save the Olympic prospects of a Greek gymnast.
Unhappy in a home seemingly devoid of love, a fourteen-year-old albino boy who thinks of himself as Harold the Ghost runs away to join the circus, where he works with the elephants and searches for a sense of who he is.
Examines the El Nino and La Nina phenomena, why they occur, how meteorologists track them, how they affect global weather patterns, and their possible effect on global warming.
Provides information about different dinosaurs, their habits, and the world in which they lived.
Uses everyday examples to describe levers as simple machines used to lift, push, or move a load.
Uses everyday examples to show how screws are simple machines that make joining things together, moving, and lifting easier.
Uses everyday examples to show how wheels and axles are simple machines that make carrying, pushing, and mixing easier.
Great Aunt Ella gives fourteen-year-old Brandon her rare edition of the Book of Mormon, expecting him to follow its teachings and keep it safe from the menacing thief who is determined to take it from her Iowa farm.
Examines the life and golfing accomplishments of Tiger Woods, the first golfer of African or Asian heritage to win a Major.
Examines the history, nature, sources, and effects of heroin, the dangers of its use, and treatment for addiction to it.
Discusses the history of tobacco, health risks associated with tobacco use, tactics employed by tobacco manufacturers, social consequences of smoking, prevention efforts, and treatment options.
Discusses the short-term and long-term effects and dangers of steroid drug use, recounts the stories of various people who have abused them, and explains how to get help with this problem.
Discusses the history of the hallucinogenic drug LSD, its societal and physical effects, and where to go for help.
Instructions and illustrations demonstrate how to draw eleven different airplanes and one helicopter.
Discusses the history, development, habits and care of Abyssinian cats.
Directions for using simple construction methods and tools to make models of a Viking ship, sailboat, paddle steamer, submarine, aircraft carrier, and other types of boats.
Uses activities to explore photography from simple pinhole cameras to cameras that use film, explaining how different parts of a camera work and showing how to process and develop your own photographs.
Provides directions for making models of various kinds of dinosaurs and their habitats.
Experiments and activities explore the world of sound.
Hands-on experiments introduce such structures as skyscrapers, dams, keystone bridges, igloos, and lock gates and show the materials used, the method of construction, and the source of strength.
Shows pictures of objects which are too small, too far away, or too fast to see without mechanical assistance such as microscopes, telescopes, X-rays, and other techniques.
Describes the mysterious standing stones and earth mounds which were built by Stone Age peoples and explores how and why they may have been built.
A child counts sheep and other animals in multiples of two, three, four and five before falling asleep.
Explores key types of skyscrapers throughout the world, discussing materials and construction technologies as well as the functions and locations of important skyscrapers.
Franklin the turtle anxiously awaits the arrival of spring as he looks forward to the birth of his new baby sister and the prospect of becoming a big brother.
Presents the habitat, physical characteristics, eating habits, and behavior of different varieties of boa constrictors.
Explores key types of dams throughout the world, discussing materials and construction technologies used, functions and locations of major dams, and examples of famous dams in history.
Describes stadiums throughout the world, discussing materials and building technologies, functions and locations of important stadiums, and examples of famous stadiums in history.
Celebrates various aspects of French culture and their effects and influences on the world, including religion, festivals, science, language, and literature.
Grandma Twilly cannot find the motivation to get her house cleaned, until she discovers a mouse in her house.
Whether it is getting dressed, eating a snack, or taking a bath, a young boy insists on doing everything his own way.
After receiving wonderful hugs and kisses from his parents and grandparents, Baby tries to hug and kiss the family pets.
Uses everyday examples to describe pulleys as simple machines that make lifting, pulling, and moving easier.
Presents instructions for drawing twelve different kinds of wild animals, including an elephant, a monkey, a panda, and a toucan.
Presents instructions for drawing twelve different kinds of dinosaurs, including an Allosaurus, a Stegosaurus, and a Tyrannosaurus.
Explains the habitat and behavior of the blue whale, why it is endangered, and how children can help save whales.
Describes the early development of bicycles, different kinds of bikes, and how they are used.
Uses everyday examples to describe inclined planes as simple machines that make lifting, pushing, moving, and building easier.
Discusses the history, development, habits and care of Maine coon cats.
An introduction to the life and work of the nineteenth-century English painter, Joseph Turner, describing the development of his techniques and showing some of his different paintings.
A biography of the Renaissance sculptor, painter, architect, and poet, including a list of places where his art can be seen today.
Briefly examines the life and work of the French sculptor, describing and giving examples of his art.
Describes how dogs use their physical abilities, intelligence, and training by humans to perform a variety of jobs, including working in the movies, catching burglars, delivering messages, and cheering up children in hospitals.
Simple rhyming text and illustrations present some aspect of the circus for each letter from A to Z.
Briefly examines the life and work of the sixteenth-century Flemish painter, describing and giving examples of his art.
Simple stories describe various vehicles--including a digger, a tractor, a tugboat, a helicopter, and a jet--and the work they do.
When he and the other volunteers at Dr. Mac's veterinary clinic go to help out at Quinn's Stables, David makes several serious mistakes and must prove he can be trusted before Mr. Quinn will let him even be around the spirited horse that David wants to ride.
To save her reputation at school and keep her position on the swim team, Amber must uncover the identity of the mysterious stranger who has been sending threatening email messages to her website.
A biography that examines the personal life and professional career of comedian and Oscar-winning actor, Robin Williams.
Despite her mother's objections and the love of an older classmate, sixteen-year-old Katy is determined to find a better life for herself beyond her family's poverty and sorrow in the Illinois coal mining town where they live.
After playing with a new human friend, Scary Fright begins behaving strangely--choosing a kitten for a pet, developing a taste for pizza, and drawing rainbows on her wall.
Examines the events leading up the the Spanish-American War, the life of the soldiers, major battles, and the outcome of the war.
Describes the events leading up to the Civil War, the major conflicts, the lives of the soldiers, and the outcome of the war.
A mother provides examples of how her toddler is both big and little, including little enough to ride through the park in a stroller but big enough to make the pigeons fly away.
Things are difficult for twelve-year-old Jan and her mother after her father's death, and when it turns out that her beloved horse needs an operation, Jan reluctantly gets money from an elderly woman whom she has befriended.
A group of children play a game of tug-of-war and explain the rules.
Simple text and illustrations show children enjoying playing jump rope.
A group of children plays tag, while explaining the rules.
In 1914, fourteen-year-old Felix LeBlanc feels stifled by life on his family's farm in Louisiana and after hearing his wayward uncle play the fiddle, Felix decides that he wants to be a fiddler too, even if it means making his own fiddle and going against his parents' wishes.
A member of a "shoe mad" family describes some of her interesting customers and the unusual footwear they buy at her shoe store.
Although their efforts to build a raft so they can go "where the big fish are" are almost destroyed by a fierce storm, two young boys do not give up.
A list of scary things includes "roller skating down hill when you haven't learned how to stop, getting hugged by somebody you don't like, and finding out your best friend has a best friend who isn't you."
Describes the appearance, life cycle, habits, habitat, and winter migration of butterflies.
Tired out after working on a report about ancient Crete, Robbie falls asleep and finds himself in the palace of King Minos, where he encounters the hideous bull-headed monster known as the Minotaur.
On a school field trip to the famous Lascaux Cave in southern France, a young girl encounters a primitive man who had created the remarkable paintings on the cave's walls. Includes a section with information on early homo sapiens.
Depicts the life of the Petersheims, a large, close-knit Amish family living on a farm in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Despite serious obstacles and setbacks, fourteen-year-old Keisha pursues her dream of becoming an Olympic swimmer and medical doctor.
A young boy with the knack for coming up with fitting names for things competes with the imperious man who has been assigning absurd names to see who will have the right to decide what things will be called.
After being shown the wonders of nature by Grandmother Lom, two children venture out in her boat alone, find themselves in danger, and are rescued by a mysterious bird.
Poems about school and other topics, such as haircuts, food, and going to bed at night.
Fourteen-year-old Marley's seemingly perfect life in the small town of Heaven is disrupted when she discovers that her father and mother are not her real parents.
Orphaned Corinna disguises herself as a boy to pose as a Folk Keeper, one who keeps the Evil Folk at bay, and discovers her heritage as a seal maiden when she is taken to live with a wealthy family in their manor by the sea.
Presents background information, craft ideas, and various activities related to such holidays as Easter, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Hanukkah, Christmas, and Kwanzaa.
Simple text and illustrations present different kinds of dinosaurs.
The Daystar Space Rangers face a new challenge when they go to the planet Makon, where the Denebians are planning to seize a rare mineral with remarkable qualities.
Relates the life of Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels and his role in formulating Hitler's policy of exterminating the Jewish people.
A biography of Brandon Lee, who followed in his father's footsteps as an actor and martial artist and died mysteriously on the set of one of his movies.
A simple introduction to the geographic features, people, and animals of the continent of South America.
Shrew proves to be a good friend to Mole in various situations, including finding a new house and attending a fancy ball.
In 1781 twelve-year-old Elizabeth Zane, great-great-aunt of novelist Zane Grey, leaves Philadelphia to return to her brothers' homestead near Fort Henry in what is now West Virginia, where she plays an important role in the final battle of the American Revolution.
Seven-year-old Pinky, a confirmed dog lover, has a change of heart after his family's new pet kitten pounces on his foot in the middle of the night.
Describes some of the structures used by Hindus, Buddhists, Christians, Moslims and Sikhs in their worship.
When none of Little Roo's friends hears the noisy monster that is following her, she learns that eating properly is the only way to get rid of it.
Describes the Seven Wonders of the World, providing background and related information, and surveying such modern wonders as the Channel Tunnel, Hoover Dam, Versailles, and the bullet train.
Explains the daily lives of the French people, including school, work, family activities, and everyday life both in the city and the country.
Introduces the geography, weather, people, plants and animals, and industry of France.
A biography of the scientist who brought his passion for astronomy to the public through his television appearances on the "Tonight Show," his television series "Cosmos," and the feature film "Contact."
Surveys the development of the printing press, from advances in Asia and Gutenberg's work in Germany to the profound impact of printing on civilization in general.
Describes the development of penicillin, from its discovery and use in World War II to the possible implications of overuse.
When she runs away from her cruel stepfather rather than be married off to a follower of the evil Rane, Linn begins to discover her own special gift and wonder if she might be one of the lysefolk, followers of the Great One about whom she has only read.
Doomed to spend his time alone in a castle because of the terrible tantrums he throws, Vladimir the vampire wants more than anything to be able to fly.
Briefly describes the military exploits of Benedict Arnold, first for the Americans and later for the British.
Briefly describes George Washington's role in the American Revolution and his tenure as the first United States president.
When his owner's parents let him go in Central Park, a young guinea pig learns to survive in the natural world with the help of a "park-wise" squirrel while trying to find his way back home.
When Bel and Bub release Draco the dragon, he begins to gobble up all the stars in the Milky Way.
As children enjoy all the activities at their playschool, the reader can count different things in each illustration.
Through her great capacity to love, a kind and beautiful maid releases a handsome prince from the spell which has made him an ugly beast.
With the help of his good friend Rat, Mole returns to his old home and shares a wonderful Christmas celebration with former friends.
Descriptions of different animals highlight the numbers from one to ten and their multiples of ten, such as a sloth having three toes while a centipede has thirty feet.
Using a travel guide format, describes the Aztec and Inca civilizatons in 1504, including their clothing, food, dwellings, sports, religion, and other aspects of daily life.
Questions and answers explore various aspects of ancient civilizations, including the Greeks, Romans, Assyrians, Hittites, and others.
A playful baby panda encounters a leopard. Includes facts about pandas and a game.
In 1791 after her family's journey from Pennsylvania, ten-year-old Lizzie suffers from the disease of asthma in her new home in the Southwest Territory (present-day Tennessee).
Describes the geography, plants and animals, history, economy, language, religions, culture, sports and arts, and people of the various United States territories.
One Christmas Eve as Santa is making his deliveries, he finally gets a chance to play with all the toys in his sack.
A young Chinese-American girl and her family move their belongings from their home in Chinatown to the safety of Golden Gate Park during the San Francisco earthquake of 1906.
More adventures of JoJo and her younger sister Winnie.
Seven-year-old McKenzie Foster describes her training, practice, and performance as a rhythmic gymnast
Explains how to begin a stamp collection, including information on the history and value of stamps.
Explains the basics of completing a pass play and the skills and practice needed to become part of a high-powered passing offense.
Provides advice and instructions on choosing a glove, playing various infield positions, getting ready to catch a ground ball, and where to throw it once it is caught.
Selected Mother Goose rhymes illustrated with artwork from the Disney publishing archives, including Donald Duck as Humpty Dumpty and Minnie as Little Miss Muffet.
A shy boy and a shy girl become friends and discover they share a common interest in yo-yos.
When she and her family go to Italy to visit her grandmother, Laura and her sister and brother come down with the chicken pox.
Discusses the selection, planting, maintenance, and harvesting of vegetables.
Describes how to plant, care for, and use various kinds of herbs.
Simple text and illustrations explain the game of hide-and-seek.
Introduces the rules and strategies of chess, as well as its history and some of the great players and matches.
The Little Angel of Learning tries to help Nick discover that it is more rewarding to gain knowledge than it is to make things up.
Reveals the origins of today's modern marvels, from air travel to genetic engineering, and shows how they have changed our everyday life.
Simple text and photographs explore the people and activities found at an airport.
Photographs and simple text explore different kinds of fires and what firefighters do to prepare for their jobs.
Presents instructions for a variety of Halloween activities and crafts, including making window decorations, carving pumpkins, and preparing foods for a Halloween party.
Describes the various animals that live within the soil under our feet, including earthworms, roundworms, snails, mites, beetles, and ants.
When the barn in which they have been living is knocked down, Batbaby and his parents search for a new home.
Abby is the best speller in the class until a new witch shows up at school and the two of them compete in a spelling bee to see who will win a new broomstick.
A child meets  a magician who grants eight wonderfully fantastic wishes, with one wish left over.
Unaware of its eons-old history, a boy finds a rock and takes it home to a shelf beside his sea glass and starfish.
Simple text and photographs present the experience of taking a ride on an airplane.
In the summer of 1936, Tony runs away from his home above his family's Italian restaurant in Chicago, while in Berlin David is present at the Olympics and prepares to move to America.
While on a rescue mission, a few daring mice journey below to the sewers to an evil world populated by rats who peel mice before eating them and worship the Dark Lord.
Simple text and photographs explore the different creatures at the aquarium (including sharks, turtles, dolphins, and more) and the people who take care of them.
Photographs and simple text describe a visit to the zoo, introducing animals and their care and feeding.
Simple text and photographs explore the different materials, tools, and structures with which construction workers are involved.
Describes the events of the 1914 Shackleton Antarctic expedition when, after being trapped in a frozen sea for nine months, their ship, Endurance, was finally crushed, forcing Shackleton and his men to make a very long and perilous journey across ice and stormy seas to reach inhabited land.
Five brief spooky tales about some of the funny and not so funny things than can happen in haunted houses.
A young girl in a small mountain community in northern New Mexico wishes to see the ghost of a little boy who has been seen by many others.
Brendan the dinosaur realizes that he should treat bugs as kindly as he would like to be treated.
An introduction to the geography, history, government, lifestyles, culture, and current issues of Costa Rica.
Provides advice on taking care of different types of hair, instructions for a variety of hairstyles, and suggestions for all kinds of hair accessories.
Brief text explores the history, geography, government, cities, recreation, and people of the oil-rich Middle Eastern country.
A retelling of an English Christmas legend in which a robin is rewarded for its help warming the baby Jesus.
An introduction to the geography, history, culture, and people of Mexico.
Briefly surveys the eighteen-month history of the Pony Express with related projects and activities such as sock puppets, magnets, and a diorama.
Gives examples of different service-learning programs that benefit children and gives advice on starting new programs.
The disappearance of a new puppy named Ginger and the appearance of a mysterious man in a mustard yellow hat bring excitement into the lives of the Pye children.
A biography of the New England Patriots quarterback who led the team to the Superbowl in 1997.
A biography of the professional tennis player, discussing his childhood, Grand Slam championships, personal tragedies, goals, and behavior on the court.
Presents 110 quotations about civility and behavior that George Washington copied when he was fourteen years old and attempted to live by.
An anthology of stories for teenagers exploring the topics of religion, belief, and spirituality by award-winning authors, including M.E. Kerr, Kyoko Mori, and Virginia Euwer Wolff.
Describes the habitat, behavior, and endangered status of giant pandas and suggests ways to help save them from extinction.
Explains the history, purpose, and characteristics of icons in the Orthodox Christian Church and describes how icons celebrate events in the lives of Jesus and the Virgin Mary.
Describes the habitat, behavior, and endangered status of Bengal tigers and suggests ways to help save them from extinction.
Jo Jo and her zany dog Willy explain the water cycle and introduce experiments about water filtration, evaporation, and condensation.
Elizabeth tries to tell her family that there is something wrong with her new teacher, but they cannot see it, even though Miss Turtledove has orange eyes, eats desks, and throws fruit at the students.
In this retelling of a Russian folk tale, Rabbit, Crow, and Hedgehog fight over ownership of an apple, until Bear persuades them to share.
A collection of bedtime stories on such topics as bravery, patience, honesty, pride, and loyalty, featuring Christopher Churchmouse and his family and friends. Each story is accompanied by questions, a poem, a scripture verse, and a prayer.
Presents brief profiles of women who have been successful in the entertainment field, from Gracie Allen and Marian Anderson to Twyla Tharp and Anna May Wong.
Introduces a type of ball that was originally manufactured only for the insides of tennis balls but became popular itself.
Discusses the life, marriage, and tragic death of Diana, Princess of Wales.
Two brothers who cannot apologize to each other extend their feud down through their children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren.
A biography of the "Father of the Constitution" and fourth president of the United States.
Traces the life and work of this African-American woman who was a respected politician, teacher, and spokeswoman for democracy.
Examines the history of Japanese in the United States, focusing on their treatment during World War II, including the mass relocation to internment camps and the distinguished service of Japanese Americans in the American military.
Introduces the history of Independence Day and explains how it is celebrated today.
A scarecrow, washing machine, cow, and other objects and animals express themselves in this collection of poems.
Chaos results when a dream tells all the children and animals of the world that they should do whatever they want without fear of adult reprisal.
Although mistreated by her stepmother and stepsisters, Cinderella meets her prince with the help of her fairy godmother. Main characters are represented as dogs.
Charlie, who is nervous about his first day of school, and Dumpy the Dumptruck, who is nervous about his first construction job, gradually adjust to their new settings after making new friends.
Pairs twenty works of art by African-American artists with twenty poems by twenty African-American poets.
Examines a variety of animals found in the sea, including jellyfish, worms, scallops, and squids.
Suggests all kinds of silly, smelly things that one could do with  skunks.
A simple introduction to the clothing, tools, schooling, and work of emergency medical technicians.
Describes how to plant, care for, prune, and protect various kinds of fruit.
Describes how to choose, plant, and care for various kinds of flowers.
Discusses the discovery of DNA fingerprinting, the processes involved, its initial use, and its past and present role in forensic identification, conservation biology, and human genetics.
Describes the symptoms, treatment, and prevention of migraine headaches and compares them to other kinds of headaches.
Describes the different types of acne, their causes, treatment, and prevention.
Explores the different natural habitats--forests, rain forests, grasslands, deserts, cold regions, oceans and rivers--and the plant and animal life that exists in each. Includes related activities and word lists.
Presents a biography of the Russian pairs skater who died in 1995 at the age of twenty-eight from a heart attack. Focuses on his life with skating partner and wife, Ekaterina Gordeeva.
There are lots of disadvantages to being the smallest in her family--not being able to ride a bike, play basketball, or go to school--but after a long wait, Maggie grows up.
Describes the adventures of the seventeenth-century English explorer, from his search for a short route from Europe to the Orient to his mysterious disappearance after members of his crew mutinied.
Briefly describes the life of the Spanish explorer who first came to the New World with Columbus and went on to become governer of Puerto Rico and later came to Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth.
Describes canals throughout the world, discussing materials and building technologies, functions and locations of important canals, and examples of famous canals in history.
Offers advice to teenage girls with questions about how to get a boyfriend and what to do once you've got one.
Describes bridges throughout the world, discussing materials and building technologies, functions and locations of important bridges, and examples of famous bridges in history.
Describes tunnels throughout the world, discussing materials and building technologies, functions and locations of important tunnels, and examples of famous tunnels in history.
Introduces the circulatory system, its purpose, parts, and functions.
Introduces the various parts of the digestive system and the functions they perform.
Introduces the holiday Earth Day, discussing its purpose and how it is celebrated.
Looks at the evidence of dinosaurs with skeletal structures and feathers so similar to birds and why that is convincing many scientists that birds evolved from dinosaurs.
Discusses the importance of the twelve Gemini space flights that laid the foundation for the United States' exploration of space.
A biography of the nineteenth-century English scientist whose religious beliefs guided his exploration of electricity and magnetism.
A biography of Edmund Hillary, whose love of snow, mountains, and the outdoor life culminated in his conquering the highest peak in the world.
Describes the planning, development, missions, and accomplishments of Project Mercury and its contributions to the American presence in outer space.
Profiles the work of six individuals who made important contributions to the field of geology: James Hutton, Charles Lyell, G.K. Gilbert, Alfred Wegener, Harry Hess, and Gene Shoemaker.
Describes the daily activities and life cycle of a white-footed mouse.
Describes giant bugs, birds, and mammals that lived long ago and became extinct during the last Ice Age, discusses the extinction of more recent animals, and examines efforts to protect endangered species.
Explores the problems experienced when parents divorce, suggesting ways to handle such situations effectively.
After reluctantly talking with her parents about their upcoming divorce, a young girl discovers that there will be some big changes but that their love for her will remain the same. Includes an afterword for parents on helping children through such a change.
Describes the equipment, techniques, and safety rules of water skiing.
A biography of the premier shortstop who helped lead the New York Yankees to three World Series championships in the 1990s.
Describes the physical characteristics and habits of hamsters and gerbils and tells how to care for them as pets.
Describes the physical characteristics and habits of rats and mice and tells how to care for them as pets.
Describes different kinds of guinea pigs, how baby guinea pigs are born, and how to care for them as pets.
Describes how puppies are born and grow, and how to care for them as pets.
Describes the physical characteristics and habits of kittens and tells how to care for them as pets.
Describes different kinds of rabbits, how baby rabbits are born, and how to care for rabbits as pets.
Text and illustrations describe how ships and boats have been used throughout history, from the earliest trading vessels to modern luxury liners.
Questions and answers explore various aspects of astronomy, including the solar system, stars, planets, moons, asteroids, and comets.
Questions and answers explore the habitats, living conditions, behavior, and eventual extinction of the dinosaurs.
Questions and answers explore the world of inventions and their effects on daily life.
An illustrated encyclopedia describing the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitats of a variety of animals.
A spot-the-difference game, mystery story, and art book in which readers try to tell which paintings are genuine and which are forgeries. Includes magnifying glass and split-page format.
Examines the evolution of life on Earth, from the first primitive organisms to modern humans, and attempts to look into the future.
Text, illustrations, and suggested activities explore the world of food and what happens when we eat.
Explores how different parts of the body function, answering such questions as "What are bones for?", "How high can I jump?", and "How do I breathe?".
A book of facts and records concerning a variety of topics, including the planet Earth, space, animals and plants, the human body, peoples of the world, and more.
Describes the dwellings of the Pueblo Indians of the Southwest, including the rectangular buildings of stone and clay called pueblos, underground community rooms known as kivas, and cliff dwellings. Includes directions for making a model pueblo.
Describes the planning, development, missions, and accomplishments of Project Apollo, which took the United States to the moon.
Describes the wide array of different types of satellites that have been placed in orbit since the launching of Sputnik I in 1957 and the varied functions they perform, from communications and weather forecasting to astronomy and spy tasks.
With the help of two middle school classmates and a bear-like talking "dog" from the planet Sirius, seventh-grader Scott Schreiber discovers that he can be a hero in other ways than on the football field.
On his first ocean-going mission, Theodore Tugboat strays too far from shore and winds up lost at sea.
In 1967 an encounter with a mysterious young woman from Maine involves a nineteen-year-old baseball player in an investigation of a vicious, murderous werewolf.
Eleven-year-old Larch has depended on her own rules to help her cope with the life she and her mother share in a trailer in a small Ohio town, but her rules do not help her deal with a rat-catching dog, her best friend's crush, and the truth she learns about her father's death.
The Seven Sleepers try to stop the evil Dr. Korbo, whose country is filled with awful, unnatural beasts.
Moose helps his little animal friends in many ways during the four seasons.
Cynthia the centipede, Harold the hamster, Tiffany the turtle, and other animals suffer from various injuries or illnesses.
On the planet SharNu, the Daystar Space Rangers investigate the disappearance of the young prince, who may be a victim of the mythical White Dragon.
Examines the land, people, and history of Argentina and discusses its current state of affairs and place in the world.
The puppy Biscuit makes friends with two kittens.
Discusses the formation of various icy weather conditions and their effects on the earth's surface, plants, animals, and climate.
In search of the wheel that fell off his bicycle, Blue Rabbit encounters several animals, all of whom have been disturbed by a strange "whizzing" object.
Text, artwork, and photographs examine the James Bond character from the 007 films, describing his spy missions, gadgets, vehicles, enemies, allies, and lovers.
Discusses how to appreciate differences in people, emphasizing the importance of following your interests, deciding what you like, standing up for yourself, and appreciating others.
Compiles the best advice from "Girls' Life Magazine" about growing up, friends, family, crushes, school, and body image.
Presents brief profiles of women who have been successful in the business world, from Madame Alexander and Linda Alvarado to Sarah Breedlove Walker and Barbara Walters.
Provides information on the basics of buying goods and services and the role of goods and services in the economy.
Describes mountain climbing, its history, equipment, and dangers, and some climbers' adventures.
A brief biography of the record-breaking soccer player who helped the United States win a gold medal in soccer in the 1996 Olympics and the Women's World Cup in 1999.
Simple text and photographs describe the condition of deafness and some of the everyday activities of children who are deaf.
Simple text and illustrations discuss the challenges of being in a wheelchair, why some children cannot walk, and how those who use a wheelchair function at school and at play.
Offers guidance to those feeling concern about their safety and lack of security and wishing to cope in an increasingly violent world.
Traces the personal life and football career of the quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
Brief biographies of women who were notorious for committing crimes or causing scandals, from the religious leader Aishah to the frontier heroine Betty Zane.
Describes the life of Mary Wollstonecraft, the first great English feminist, founder of a school in London, and author of the first great argument for the education of women.
Uses contemporary documents to explore the development of the Cold War struggle, the consequences in the 1950s and 1960s, and the lasting effects on American social and cultural patterns.
Discusses the origins of Protestantism, the diversity of Protestant churches in the United States, and the role of Protestants in American life from colonial times to the present.
Explains a six-step method for making decisions and provides tips on setting goals, dreaming, and planning for the future.
Rhyming text recounts the Old Testament story of how Noah saved his family, along with two of every living creature, when God destroyed the world with a great flood.
Describes the physical characteristics, behavior, habitat, and endangered status of tigers.
Individual teenagers relate their experiences in various types of volunteer activities.
Describes what chicken pox is, how the body fights this disease, how it is spread, symptoms, treatment, and new vaccinations to prevent chicken pox.
Explains what attention deficit disorder is, what causes it, and how it is treated.
Examines legal cases about privacy, visitation and divorce, search and seizure, dress code, drug testing, free speech in school newspapers and yearbooks, sexual harassment at work, transfer to adult court, and the death penalty.
A gentle Triceratops forgets to stay with the herd and has to use his sharp horns to fight a Tyrannosaurus.
A retelling of the adventures of Pinocchio, a mischievous wooden puppet, who wants more than anything else to become a real boy. Illustrated notes throughout the text explain the historical background of the story.
Presents the story of Atlantis, the legendary lost island, and debates whether or not it really existed.
Describes the development and early flights of airships and the disastrous explosion of the passenger airship, Hindenberg, at a New Jersey airfield on May 6, 1937, in which thirty-six people were killed.
A illustrated collection of popular nursery rhymes with background information.
A brief biography of the well-known actress, Julia Roberts, star of such films as "Steel Magnolias," "Pretty Woman," and "My Best Friend's Wedding."
Four boys form a rock band called "Mr. Cool" that is very successful despite the fact that one of the boys is not really all that cool.
Discusses how to make and keep friends and how to help friends deal with some of the difficult issues young people face, including depression, sex, illness, homosexuality, and violence.
Presents the life and baseball career of the Dominican-born slugger who, along with Mark McGwire, in 1998 broke the long-standing record of most home runs hit in a season.
Presents web sites that provide information for common homework assignments in six different areas: science, English, math, American history, world history, and geography.
Describes the life and early death of the rap musician and actor Tupac Shakur.
Describes the habitat, physical characteristics, behavior, and life cycle of orangutans, as well as the threats they face and efforts to protect them. Includes glossary and suggestions for related activities.
Describes the habitat, physical characteristics, behavior, and life cycle of dolphins, as well as the threats they face and efforts to protect them. Includes glossary and suggestions for related activities.
Describes the personal life and football career of the star running back for the Denver Broncos.
Examines what makes a piece of writing "literature" and discusses individual pieces in the context of students' experiences, beliefs, and values.
A historical overview of notable female gymnasts in the Olympics, including Agnes Keleti of Hungary, Olga Korbut of Russia, and Nadia Comaneci of Romania.
Discusses the history and development of some of the world's fastest automobiles, describing the specific features and specifications of such cars as dragsters, Indianapolis 500 race cars, and the supersonic car.
Explains the common cold, including symptoms, causes, treatments, and prevention.
Discusses headaches--causes, treatments, and various kinds.
Brief text and photographs explain what cars are, describe different types of cars, and examine how they developed and how they are used.
Brief text and photographs explain what planes are, describe different types of planes, and examine how they developed and how they are used.
The daughter of a traveling photographer must take over her father's trade when he falls ill during the Civil War.
Merlin's fragile home on the isle of Fincayra is threatened by the attack of a mysterious warrior with swords for arms and by the escape of Stangmar from his imprisonment, as Merlin continues to move toward his ultimate destiny.
Describes the training of an Army Demolition expert, including information about job duties and a history of explosives used in combat.
A simple introduction to the geographic features, people, and animals of the continent of North America.
An introduction to the continent of Antarctica, its geographical features, visitors, and animals.
Certain that his grandfather doesn't want him around, Corby is unhappy when he and his mother go to spend the summer in Wisconsin to help take care of his ailing grandmother, until a local boy takes him to the Wish Master.
In 1865, while helping her family keep their Virginia farm going through the end of the Civil War, twelve-year-old Cassie meets a Confederate deserter and a Yankee prisoner of war and tries to discover who has been stealing from the farm.
When Henry adopts Ribsy, a dog of no particular breed, humorous adventures follow.
A simple description of the life of the first American president.
Focuses on the skills and techniques necessary for good writing, with excerpts from established writers and samples of young people's work as examples.
Discusses the life of Jesse Jackson, including his involvement in the civil rights movement, his presidential campaigns, and his role as freelance diplomat and world humanitarian.
Examines some of the famous photographs taken of President Abraham Lincoln, discussing the circumstances under which they were taken and how these images were used.
When wings start to appear on her back, eleven-year-old Linnet begins to understand some of her mother's strange behavior, but it isn't until she finds herself at a remote house in Montana with others who also have--or had--wings that she can really come to terms with her situation.
Angel and her best friend try to find a way to get rid of the well-meaning, but disaster-prone family friend who has moved into Angel's bedroom.
A new friendship with a boy who is both attractive and intelligent helps fifteen-year-old Sophie sort out her feelings about her younger brother Erhard, who died three years earlier, her self-centered older sister, and her distant father.
A collection of variations on the familiar story of a boastful miller and the daughter he claims can spin straw into gold.
Describes the eight different kinds of bears that live around the world, including their physical characteristics, their food and how they find it, their reproductive behavior, and the threats from human beings to their survival.
Explores world-famous man-made structures of the ancient and modern world, discussing how they were built, why they are important, and how architecture may change in the future.
Describes the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of various sea creatures, from familiar crabs to giant whales to tube worms.
Discusses the life of British mountain climber, George Mallory, the discovery of his body seventy-five years after his death, and the debate over whether Mallory was the first person to reach the top of Mount Everest.
A biography of the son of the thirty-fifth president of the United States, discussing his toddler days in the White House, "America's Most Eligible Batchelor," the launching of his political magazine "George," and his death in an airplane crash at the age of thirty-eight.
Describes the events and motivations which led to Lincoln's famous speech, dedicating the Gettysburg cemetery to the fallen soldiers.
While visiting his grandfather just before Christmas, Jack takes an amazing trip back to the time of the Aztecs and must solve a series of puzzles before finding his way back home.
Discusses snow, how it is formed and used, and how people dress, live, travel, and play in it. Includes glossary.
As she waits for her baby to be born, a young African woman describes some of the sights and sounds of her Mali homeland as she creates a beautiful bogolan cloth for her child.
Upset because he cannot reach and touch the colors of his first rainbow, Ned finds another rainbow that he can touch.
When a terrible blight attacks Ireland's potato crop in 1845, twelve-year-old Nory Ryan's courage and ingenuity help her family and neighbors survive.
Simple text and photographs describe children who are blind, their challenges and adaptations, and their similarities with others.
Twelve-year-old Pearl feels hurt, confused, and unwanted when her wild, irresponsible mother leaves her with Aunt Ivy in a little country house in Georgia and then disappears.
A biography of the comedian who got his start on "Saturday Night Live" and starred in such movies as "Tommy Boy" and "Beverly Hills Ninja," before dying of a drug overdose.
Ingenious eight-year-old Owen wants to make money for the things he absolutely needs, such as plastic vomit, but he tries to come up with some alternatives to earning an allowance, which sounds like too much work.
Visiting Zion National Park with his family, twelve-year-old Jack encounters two mysteries, the strange behavior of a band of wild mustangs and the possibly sinister actions of his new foster brother, a Shoshone boy.
Simple text and photographs describe riding in a car, including fastening seat belts, stopping for red lights, and driving at night.
A young girl describes how she dresses, what she does, and how she feels on a cold, wintry day.
Text and pictures present activities for cloudy days.
An adaptation of the famous poem about a Christmas Eve visitor, set in the Pennsylvania Dutch country. Includes a pie recipe and information about Belsnickel and the Pennsylvania Dutch dialect.
Projects and activities which illustrate the history of the California Gold Rush and pioneer life in that state.
After hearing stories that a Bigfoot-like monster is haunting Camp Weno-wanna-getta-wedgee, ten-year-old Zack begins to find evidence that the legend may be true.
Describes the way of life of the tribes that made up the League of the Iroquois, focusing on their longhouses, unique dwellings they built for shelter and ceremonies.
In 1908, eleven-year-old Innie joins the library club at a settlement house that serves immigrant families of Boston's North End, but when items and money disappear from the settlement house, Innie's past as a troublemaker puts her under suspicion.
Discusses how snow is formed in the atmosphere, the various forms it takes when falling to earth, the conditions snow creates on the earth, and its effect on plants and animals.
Provides general information about tanks and specific facts about the features and operation of the M1A1 Abrams tank.
Discusses the history of dolls and explains how to start and maintain a doll collection.
Simple text and photographs reveal different triangles that can be found in the city.
When the Snow Queen abducts her friend Kai, Gerda sets out on a perilous and magical journey to find him.
Presents a biography of the star player for the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association.
A brief biography of the professional wrestler, focusing on his exploits in the ring, his career as a movie actor, and his charity work.
A simple biography of the talented New York Yankees shortstop, discussing his popularity and three World Championships.
Projects and activities which highlight the history of the Pilgrims and the Indians in Plymouth Colony.
Describes the different kinds of proteins and how they affect our bodies.
Describes how to draw various horses, including the Przewalski horse, Appaloosa, and Arabian horse.
Describes how to draw various cars, including the Benz three-wheeler, Volkswagen Beetle, and McLaren F1.
Defines matter and includes instructions for simple experiments that explain the properties of its three principal forms.
Defines light, demonstrates its properties, explains how plants and animals use light, and describes artificial lighting.
Describes the phenomena of heat and cold, their causes, effects, measurement, and influence on our lives.
Describes how to draw various dinosaurs, including the stegosaurus, camarasaurus, and T-Rex.
Describes how to draw various dogs, including the saluki, gray wolf, and golden retriever.
Describes how to draw various cats, including the saber-tooth cat, Morris the cat, and Goddess Bastet.
The Seven Sleepers seek to rescue Rainor's sweetheart Mayfair from the clutches of creatures known as cyborgs.
Photographs and simple text describe all the things that a seven-year-old girl enjoys about gymnastics.
Although the teachers, the principal, and parents say The Test is not important, their actions tell another story.
Uses the story of a teenage girl who was sexually abused by her grandfather to deal with issues related to sexual abuse and how to handle them from a Christian perspective.
Uses the story of a teenage boy who is worried about a friend to explore the problem of suicide and what to do for someone who has suicidal thoughts.
Uses the story of a pregnant high school senior to deal with issues related to teen pregnancy from a Christian perspective.
When the sun begins to melt the snow, Olie and Zowie take their snowman friend, Mr. Snowie, to a new home in Chillsville.
An introduction to the land, culture, and people of Cuba.
An illustrated overview of the onset, progress, and effects of the flu epidemic of 1918, which resulted in the deaths of more than half a million people
A Western-style retelling of the traditional tale about a little girl who finds the house of bear family and makes herself at home.
Discusses the physical characteristics, habitat, behavior, and life cycle of the comical-looking moose, whose appearance hides strength, speed, and agility.
Presents close-up photographs of insect faces and describes some of their unique facial features, including compound eyes and pincher jaws.
Presents a translation of the Bible just for children, with illustrations from the Bibleman video series and themed messages from Bibleman.
A child describes ways to keep cool when the weather is hot.
Presents a variety of humorous episodes in the outdoors of Georgia, involving truffle hunting, fishing, encounters with the "marvelous" hoop snake, and other adventures.
For now, taking care of her dog Max is the best job in the world, but Poppy imagines being grown up and spinning like a ballet dancer, and painting like an artist, and more.
When Mother Bear and her two cubs leave the den for the first time they practice behaviors including climbing, searching, swimming, digging, and finally sleeping.
Describes the habitat, physical characteristics, eating habits, and life cycle of the white-tailed deer, the most common deer in North America.
Describes the habitat, physical characteristics, behavior, and life cycle of the seven species of sea turtles, and discusses their endangered status.
Retellings of fifteen Roman myths chronicling the exploits and adventures of Venus, Aeneas, Romulus and Remus, Diana, and others.
Two teenagers discover a panther family living in the English countryside and determine to protect the wild animals.
Twenty-three poems give voice to a variety of goddesses, gods, and mortals from Greek and Roman mythology.
In 1806, orphaned eleven-year-old Abigail and her little brother Seth find a home with the young Widow Chase in the seaport of Wiscasset, Maine, and help her discover a way to support them all.
A homeowner remembers visits from all the animals whose tracks, feathers, and other traces are visible--except for the moose whose prints are everywhere.
A beaver and a moose share a pond, each thinking that the body of water belongs to him.
Introduces the work truck drivers do, the kinds of vehicles they drive, the training they need, and people who help them.
Introduces the poetry of William Shakespeare through a sampling of sonnets and excerpts from his plays.
An illustrated introduction to the physical characteristics, habits, and natural environment of various members of the reptile family
Explains how electricity and magnetism are related, how they can be harnessed, and how they are useful.
A simple explanation of energy and its many forms and sources.
Briefly describes the sport of bicycle stunt riding, including the necessary equipment and some of the tricks that stunt riders perform.
Describes Dolley Madison's role as First Lady during her husband's term as the fourth American president, with an emphasis on her activities as hostess in the White House.
An online trip to various Internet web sites reveals a variety of facts about the continent of South America.
Examines the careers available in the fields of information management, computers, the Internet, and software development, discussing the necessary education and training.
Describes Abigail Adams, wife of the second president of the United States, her role as first lady, and some of the foods she served at various stages in her life.  Includes recipes.
A boy named Sam and a girl named Claire boast to one another about all the outrageous physical feats they can perform.
As a young boy wonders about all the things that might go wrong at school, his mother reassures him.
Presents stories for meditation, memory verses from Scripture, and questions to internalize the messages for each day of the year.
In words and pictures, a girl describes the three humans and two cats that live in her house, and details some of the traits that they share.
Discusses various Mayan and Aztec myths, including creation stories and tales of principal gods and goddesses.
Discusses various American Indian myths, including creation stories and tales of principal characters.
Discusses various Greek myths, including creation stories and tales of principal gods and goddesses.
In 1901, twelve-year-old Jake and his sister travel from Lithuania to Texas and find a totally different world, including suffragettes, swindlers, a mysterious youth with strange powers, and a compassionate rabbi.
While working with a Pittsburgh television journalist on a project to uncover the truth about the 1902 Katherine Soffel scandal, college student Dee Armstrong learns about different types of betrayal.
When her extreme shyness makes her unable to speak at her new American school, twelve-year-old Jinna, newly arrived from China, retreats into her own fairy tale world.
A Christmas miracle saves Hank's used toy store from being closed by a dour businessman. Words from accompanying songs are interspersed with story.
Four stories about the antics of a silly sheep named Ruby as she picks flowers, jumps, eats hay, and plays with a friend.
Discusses the nature of sleep and dreams, the causes of and treatments for sleep disorders, and the possible meaning of common dreams.
Describes the human eye and how it functions, various visual problems and how they are corrected, and how to take care of one's eyes.
The students in Miss Mackle's third-grade class enjoy a day of Halloween surprises, including Harry's unusual costume.
Two children have fun visiting their friend Wyatt's farm.
A biography of the Chicago Cubs power hitter, Sammy Sosa, from his poor childhood in the Dominican Republic to the home run record-breaking 1998 season and his third All-Star game in 1999.
A biography of the Chinese-American figure skater known for her artistry on the ice.
Presents six previously published stories about counting, colors, shapes, opposites, the human body, houses, cars, and trucks.
A young boy is worried about what will happen to his body when he hears such expressions as "give him a hand," "laugh your head off," and "hold your tongue."
When Junie B. learns that her kindergarten class is going on a field trip to a farm, she worries about being attacked by a rooster.
Dink and his two friends help Lucky find the culprit who stole Lucky's winning lottery ticket.
After eleven-year-old Carolina begins to make decisions for herself and no longer feels constrained by her mother, she is able to let her pet crow fly free.
A collection of more than 100 humorous poems on such topics as ogres, pizza, fear, school, dragons, trees, and hair.
Sixth-grade misfits Jenny, Max, Prairie, and Lydia plot to ignite a romance between Prairie and the object of her affection, Hugh Torkerson, otherwise known as Tork the Dork.
Harry, bored with her sheltered life in the remote orange-growing colony of Daria, discovers magic in herself when she is kidnapped by a native king with mysterious powers.
A huge Rottweiler the size of King Kong (according to Hank) threatens the security of Hank the Cowdog's ranch.
Aerin, with the guidance of the wizard Luthe and the help of the Blue Sword, wins the birthright due her as the daughter of the Damarian king and a witchwoman of the mysterious, demon-haunted North.
After vanishing without a trace one night during a camping trip, twelve-year-old Joey reappears two years later, showing no signs of having aged and carrying memories of a strange light in the sky.
A little girl drops her teddy bear in the park, and he struggles to make it home to her before it gets dark.
When the Drake brothers return to their hometown to make a movie about Oakdale during the 1880s and Joe lands a role in the film, someone tries to sabotage the movie, so Joe and Wishbone must catch the culprit before the production is canceled.
When one of Wishbone's human friends is accused of computer crime, it is up to the dog detective to find the real culprit.
Wishbone must discover the mysterious person who is inserting film foootage of the people of Oakdale into the video rental movies at the store where Joe works.
A shoebox full of old baseball cards at a garage sale leads Wishbone and his friends to unearth a secret from Oakdale's past.
When a mysterious green, glowing object drops from the sky on the outskirts of Oakdale, Wishbone and friends set out to investigate.
When Joe and Wishbone take a mystery train ride to solve a pretend murder, they encounter a real crime that must be solved before the train arrives.
Wishbone ends up missing while trying to locate other missing dogs, and Joe must solve the case alone.
For the sake of variety, Susie imagines that her friendly dog Sam is a series of more exotic creatures, from a dragon in a wagon to a shark in the dark.
As trouble starts to brew behind the scenes, Wishbone and his friends begin to suspect someone is trying to destroy the middle school play.
While Wishbone and Joe search for a missing ring, their good friend David disappears as well.
A small and very determined duckling sets out to play with a rather reluctant dog.
Hairy Maclary leads all the other dogs in the neighborhood to investigate the terrible caterwauling created when the tough cat Scarface Claw is caught up in a tree.
Recounts in rhyme the rumpus at the veterinarian's when all the animals get out of their cages.
A bossy old warthog tries to keep the other animals from using his waterhole.
A newly-hatched turtle makes the dangerous journey across a beach full of obstacles to the nearby sea.
Feeling very frisky, a little black dog enjoys chasing all the cats he meets until he comes across Scarface Claw.
A small black dog and his canine friends are terrorized by the local tomcat.
The New York City subway provides inspiration for a writer, a composer, a choreographer, and a painter, taking them in four different artistic directions.
Emmy, Zak, Cassie, Max, and Ord have very different ideas about how to make a pizza.
Emily paints four pictures and enters one in the first-grade art contest, but the judge interprets Emily's entry as a rabbit instead of a dog.
While working as an indentured servant for a Jamestown glassmaker in 1621, twelve-year-old Merry uncovers a case of sabotage.
In 1846, fifteen-year-old Jonathan Starbuck sets out from Independence, Missouri, on a journey along the Sante Fe trail.
Raven, a teenage mother and high school dropout living in a housing project, decides, with the help and sometime interference of her best friend Aisha, to study for a spelling bee which could lead to a college preparatory program and four-year scholarship.
A bright and artistic young woman with a fondness for junk food experiences a kooky modern-day coming of age by way of the Goddess within.
Mrs. Ticklefeather is happy living with her pet puffin Paul on the top floor of a very high building, until Paul disappears one morning.
A showdown between two barbers in the frontier town of Cowlick leads them to realize new uses for scale drawing.
At an auction, a boy accidentally bids on and purchases a variety of objects of questionable value, but one of them turns out to be a real treasure.
Describes the history, culture, daily life, food, people, sports, and points of interest in the capital and largest city of the state of Georgia.
Presents the autobiography of soccer player Tisha Venturini, who helped the United States win a gold medal in soccer in the 1996 Olympics and the Women's World Cup in 1999.
A simple introduction to Easter and some of the ways it is celebrated.
Describes the various parts of the human body, how they function, and how to take care of them.
While working on a project for a contest at school, fourth grader Emerald comes to appreciate her family's very small, cramped New York City apartment.
In 1765, twelve-year-old Nancy worries about effect of the British Stamp Act on her father's silversmith business in Williamsburg and about how to get along with her new stepmother.
Ten-year-old Akiko and her newly made friends survive a skugbits storm, crash in the Moonguzzit Sea, and are captured by the army of Queen Pwip as they continue their mission to rescue the son of the king of the planet Smoo.
Sam's older brother Mike keeps fooling him, but Sam thinks of a way to turn the tables.
A child describes some of the ways that show how much he has grown.
An introduction to the land, culture, and people of Puerto Rico.
An introduction to the traditions and foods of Passover.
Lively Potch pursues the girl of his dreams, the darling Polly Pumpernickel.
Stanley, who loves sharks and knows all about them, fantasizes about having one for a pet and considers all the things he would need to feed and take care of it.
An introduction to the land, culture, and people of Cuba.
An introduction to the land, culture, and people of Costa Rica.
An introduction to the land, culture, and people of Puerto Rico.
An introduction to the land, culture, and people of Costa Rica.
An introduction to the land, culture, and people of Colombia.
Through a garden, inside a great pink house, a young rabbit discovers a wonderful birthday celebration.
Lazy Daisy is proud to have the messiest room in the world until it swallows her grandmother and her closet belches out enough junk to bury the whole town.
In 1818 Mary O'Shea must decide whether to remain on Michilmackinac Island and marry her dear Indian friend White Hawk or to accept the proposal of James, an English nobleman, and to go with him to London.
Traces the life and work of the famous physicist, from his childhood in Germany and education in Switzerland through the development of his theories of relativity to his campaign for peace after World War II.
Devin and his alien visitor Stan from the planet Pant travel back to ancient Egypt in search of Nile Delta goldenrod which will save Stan's job by ensuring that all Pant tourists on Earth sneeze.
Relates the startling effects of Beethoven's music on the Kennedys' new cow.
Although she thinks she is helping with her cousin's birthday party, Lizzy's mathematical reasoning does not always add up.
Two friends plan a party to use all the tomatoes they expect to get from their Wonder Plant.
An Indian boy's friendship with eagles ultimately saves his village in the Pacific Northwest from starvation.
Three pig brothers go to Alaska to build themselves new homes--with familiar results.
Children delight in jumping, leaping, crunching, stomping, and raking as leaves fall down on them.
Looking for a quiet place to sleep, a big bug digs down past a snake, a slug, a worm, and down even more. Includes punch-out game cards and skill-building activity pages.
After some friends help free him from a snowbank, a little red car enjoys playing in the snow.
Little Anthony's bear is immensely helpful when he has to deal with other children who are teasing, selfish, or bullying.
Briefly discusses American westward expansion in the 1800s, with related projects and activities, such as making a small covered wagon, flatboat house, trail journal, and lantern.
Ten-year-old Bud, a motherless boy living in Flint, Michigan, during the Great Depression, escapes a bad foster home and sets out in search of the man he believes to be his father--the renowned bandleader, H.E. Calloway of Grand Rapids.
When the old black taxi breaks down, Little Red Car offers to pick up his passengers and finds that the job is harder than he thought.
When Little Red Car causes a traffic jam by making a dump truck drop its load, a small loader comes to the rescue.
Illustrated riddles introduce strategies for solving a variety of math problems in using visual clues.
Presents a set of linked HTML documents on the application of geostatistical theory, designed to be viewed and navigated with an Internet browser.
A collection of excerpts from the works of such authors as A.A. Milne, Carlo Collodi, Ted Hughes, Roald Dahl, C.S. Lewis, Donald Sobol, and Mark Twain.
Arthur's feelings are hurt when Buster begins to spend all his time with his new friend, Mike.
Text and cut-away illustrations feature the stories of real-life children who were passengers on the Hindenburg during its final voyage.
Explains through words and pictures the different parts of a Catholic church, such as the altar, ambo, music center, and confessional.
When two wolves escape one night from his fairy tale book and threaten to eat him, Herb enlists the reluctant help of Cinderella's fairy godmother.
A story celebrating a young African-American boy's first trip to the barbershop.
In this rhyming tale, Ned searches for his lost cat throughout the pages of the book--from one to twenty-eight.
While working as an apprentice in a London theater company in 1597, fourteen-year-old Richard uncovers a mystery involving the disappearance of his father and a traitorous plot to overthow Queen Elizabeth.
Mishaps involving color and optical illusions befall Marva as a result of her new invention, the Ketch-o-matic.
A collection of eighteen folk songs and rhymes with step-by-step photographs showing the intended actions for finger play and other physical activities.
Captioned photographs introduce a variety of special trucks including emergency equipment and farm equipment.
Lizzie, the middle child of divorced parents, uses her mother's old typewriter to record the events in her life the year before she turns ten.
A collection of lullabies based on verses from the Bible.
Worm has a variety of adventures painting, smelling, catching drips, and making shapes with his body.
Preparing for their debutante ball, Payton and her three friends struggle with the temptations of alcohol, despite their Christian faith.
Maya plans a fashion show for the high school mixer that will require her sister Morgan and her friends to lose weight in order to participate.
Sounds heard on a farm include a bird, a cow, a farmer, a train, and an owl.
A child slowly realizes all that is being missed by watching too much television.
A child rhapsodizes about rocks from big to small and precious to commonplace.
Paul and his sister Maureen's determination to own a pony from the herd on Chincoteague Island, Virginia, is greatly increased when the Phantom and her colt are among the ponies rounded up for the yearly auction.
Frank goes for a walk in the forest where he meets the last living Tyrannosaurus Rex, which is guarding an alien Solerapod.
In 1860, traveling by wagon train from Missouri to California, fourteen-year-old Lucy finds the discomfort and danger made tolerable by the presence of two handsome twin brothers.
In 1930 in New York City, as she worries about the Depression's effect on her family, eleven-year-old Julie takes a personal interest in the building of the Empire State Building and befriends a Mohawk boy who is working on the project.
A child wishes for a world of goodness, laughter, and fun and receives his wish in a dream.
As Little Clara grows up, she leaves her familiar world for more distant places in search of something that will make her spirit dance.
After dreaming that he is the father of a penguin egg, Pinkerton mistakes both a soccer ball and a football for real eggs, resulting in chaos all over town.
Various creatures tell Snail how much he will enjoy what is on the other side of a wall and then speed off, leaving him to make his way very slowly--but surely.
As they are startled by the activities of other nearby creatures, the number of turtles on a log in a pond decreases from ten to one. Includes factual information about the animals mentioned in the story.
Angry and unhappy because he is now in a wheelchair and apparently no longer able to play basketball, twelve-year-old Seth is amazed to discover wheelchair basketball and finds that his life is not over after all.
While on vacation with his family in Venice, Gaspard gets tired of visiting museums, so he takes off by himself for a boating adventure on the canals.
In 1845, ten-year-old Lucky Hart relates in her diary the tale of the Fourth of July baseball game Cobtown played against the big city of Ploomajiggy.
"Payton Skky is beautiful and popular and dating Dakari Graham, the most attractive and desirable guy in their Georgia high school. The problem?  He wants to have sex with her, while she wants to obey God and stay pure until marriage"--Provided by pub.
Little Bear becomes discouraged during his first days at school, but a special invitation convinces him that it is important to learn how to read and count after all.
When Sam has a cough, Mrs. Bear tends to him all through the cold night.
When a dike breaks during a violent storm, flooding a little Dutch town, Nico's baby is saved by his heroic cat.
After eating constantly at the fast food restaurant known as Gussy's, ten-year-old Roscoe finds himself turning into a giant bug.
The King and Queen of the country next to Fairyland long for a child and are finally blessed with a daughter, the Princess Niente.
Shows, in brief text and illustrations, what Milton, a handsome cat with good eyes and velvet paws, does during his busy day.
All around are round things such as a doughnut, a button, a coin,  cookies, and the spots on a wee ladybug as the townspeople prepare a feast for their king.
During the summer of 1932 when Lily is twelve years old, she is granted her two greatest wishes, to be far from the sister who torments her and to have a horse of her own, but she does not expect either the tragic events that bring this about or their consequences.
Although Mother Bear urges Alfie to be patient and sleep through winter, he keeps waking up to look for spring.
After being taken as a slave to Nineveh, thirteen-year-old Soulai finds his life intertwined with that of the son of King Ashurbanipal and a magnificent stallion and gets a chance to prove to himself and others that he is not a coward.
Lazlo, who has just moved to the United States from Hungary, is ostracized at school until two girls have the courage to befriend him.
After global warming causes the sea to rise until cities in England become islands, ten-year-old Zoe goes on a harrowing solitary boat journey to search for her parents.
In 1704, in the English settlement of Deerfield, Massachusetts, eleven-year-old Mercy and her family and neighbors are captured by Mohawk Indians and their French allies, and forced to march through bitter cold to French Canada, where some adapt to new lives and some still hope to be ransomed.
Discusses how people cope with, use, and control ice, exploring its effects on clothing, housing, and traveling.
Already feeling apart from the other kids her age because of her wheelchair, Darcy sulks about having to stay in her parents' cabin at family camp, but praying to God brings some surprises.
In 1968, as the Vietnam War continues and violence erupts throughout America, twelve-year-old Cherie tries to understand the changing nature of her relationship with the two teenage brothers across the street, as well as other aspects of her unpredictable world.
Thirteen-year-old Josh begins digging into the mystery of his Uncle Patrick, an autistic boy who died at Josh's age while investigating the crash of a flying saucer, and a terrible family secret is uncovered.
When Simon's Great Aunt Matilda becomes the substitute teacher for his unruly fifth-grade class, her unique way of looking at things gives the students a new perspective on learning.
While studying the Harlem Renaissance, students at a Bronx high school read aloud poems they've written, revealing their innermost thoughts and fears to their formerly clueless classmates.
In a small Indiana town, Olivia, Adam, and Neil, friends since childhood, face difficult choices as they enter their senior year in high school.
Sara Crewe, a pupil at Miss Minchin's London school, is left in poverty when her father dies but is later rescued by a mysterious benefactor.
Having escaped from their orphanage on a raft, Erin, January, and Mouse float down into another world of abandoned warehouses and factories, meeting a strange old man and an even stranger girl with webbed fingers and little memory of her past.
Juliet Jones swings into action when bicycles begin to disappear throughout the neighborhood.
Discusses the changes that take place in a boy's body during puberty, including information on the body's changing size and shape, the growth spurt, reproductive organs, pubic hair, beards, pimples, voice changes, wet dreams, and puberty in girls.
While on her daily walk, Emily goes along when Spike bullies a dog visiting from Georgia, until a more considerate dog named Emerson helps her realize that bullying is no fun.
In medieval England, eleven-year-old Piers' dream comes true when he becomes page to Parsifal, a peasant whose quest for knighthood reveals important secrets about both of their families.
Jealous of the highly talented dog Marley, Preston the bear spreads a rumor that the dog is a sorcerer.
Having had a busy day, Kittycat settles down to purr a drowsy purr and go to sleep.
Both Blast Off Boy, on the planet Meep, and Blorp, on Earth, want pets, but neither gets what he expected--at first.
When McDuff and his new French-speaking neighbors' dog are enrolled in obedience school, it seems as though McDuff has not learned his lessons.
Eleven-year-old Jack's difficulties in dealing with his younger sister Annie, a child genius, worsen when Annie claims to have a new friend from the twenty-fifth century and Jack worries that this development will keep him from going to visit his father in America.
When a little boy tries to get clean the way different animals do, he only gets dirtier.
A little bear and her father trace the origins of honey from the jar all the way back to the bees that first produced it.
The Aldens, while testing the latest version of their favorite computer game, are surprised to find messages directed specifically at them.
Reading together is a constant through the years in the relationship between this loving father and daughter.
A little penguin finds that everything, from weather to water to feelings, can often change.
Princess Torina, who has the ability to see the future, and her friend Landen, who seeks a sword that belongs to his conquered kingdom, are separated when a treacherous murderer gains power, but from exile each works to restore peace and the rightful rulers.
Encouraged by his gregarious sister and his trusty Superman cape, five-year-old Teddy takes his first steps toward independence.
In 1899, ten-year-old Robbie, son of a preacher in a small Vermont town, gets himself into all kinds of trouble when he decides to give up being Christian in order to make the most of his life before the end of the world.
Jenny draws, then writes, a story about losing and finding her pet guinea pig.
A young girl imagines what it would be like to have a tongue like a snapping turtle, feet like a fly, a tail like a lizard, or cheeks like a chipmunk.
Taking up where "Jack and the Beanstalk" left off, the felled giant's big brother comes after Jack, but once again Jack's quick mind gets him out of trouble in the nick of time.
With her cat in her lap, an old woman makes a quilt, stitching into it the experiences and objects of her life.
A little fox gets angry and tells his mother, "I'm not your friend anymore," when she tells him it's time to stop playing.
By camouflaging herself, Clara Caterpillar, who becomes a cream-colored butterfly, courageously saves Catisha the crimson-colored butterfly from a hungry crow.
A young girl enjoys building sandcastles, splashing in the sea, and making a new friend during an afternoon at the beach.
Simple illustrated retellings of stories from the Old and New Testament including "The First Six Days," "Joseph in Egypt," "The Birth of Jesus," and " The Mission of the Disciples."
While looking for his lost lamb, an orphaned shepherd boy meets Mary, Joseph, and newborn baby Jesus in a manger.
Davy Crockett stops the evil Halley's Comet from destroying the world and wins the heart of Sally Sugartree in the process.
Rhythmic, rhyming text describes what happens as a car goes through a car wash.
Bo was content to be an only cat, but after a while, he decides that having a brother is not so bad.
In nineteenth-century Vermont, an itinerant artist who travels the New England countryside painting portraits of  livestock and pets discovers a mystery involving some stolen animals.
Jennifer dreams that she, a rabbit, a turtle, a kangaroo, and seventeen monkeys visit the ocean with the cookie-crumb sands.
Until his father brings him some rubber boots, a young lion searches for ways to entertain himself on a rainy day.
When his parents go out hunting, Johnny Lion stays home and experiences exciting adventures reading a book about a baby lion who goes out into the world and gets lost.
School newspaper reporter Casey Smith uncovers a plot to sabotage the elections at her middle school.
Three years after the disappearance of her older sister, fourteen-year-old Sibyl and her family struggle to continue their lives, separately and together.
At his grandfather's urging, a boy sets out in search of the secret of life and learns more than he realizes.
Finally in a foster home with a caring family, Nard, a thirteen-year-old orphan with only one hand, invents a human-powered flying machine with the assistance of the 500-year-old hand of Leonardo da Vinci.
Taffy and her family--including all their animals--deliver the mail for neighbors and write to those who do not receive any mail regularly.
A verse retelling of the story of Noah's Ark set in modern times.
Josh, who has just moved to Vermont with his mother, stepfather, and new baby brother, must deal with the bullying of a neighbor boy and discovers that his dog, whom he hears talking with other dogs, is also facing a bully of his own.
There's such a racket coming from Nora's room that her mother imagines a series of outlandish events going on up there.
In this retelling of an Irish folktale, the Prince of Ireland's  stepmother curses him to stay no longer than two nights anywhere until he brings her a giant's horses from the western edge of the world.
A child tries to get his mother's attention as chaos erupts around the family farm.
Johnny Lion has a bad cold and the medicine he takes and the dreams he has are both terrible.
Sixteen-year-old Miles and his family must flee their Minneapolis home and begin a new life in the wilderness after a chain of cataclysmic volcanic explosions creates dangerous conditions in their city.
A teenager trying to recover from the tragic death of his father and stepmother believes himself to be responsible for the rash of teen suicides occurring in his town.
A wingless little bug with no name wants to be a bumblebee and begins to search for a pair of wings.
On her birthday, a young girl receives hugs, cards, telephone calls, presents, and a party.
A group of children have fun planning, preparing, and attending an outdoor tea party.
A spadefoot toad waits under the sand for the rain, hears the sounds of other desert animals, and eventually mates and spawns other toads.
Gramps's farm isn't the same after Grandma's death, but slowly Mags and Cody work to recreate her spirit by bringing back some of the things she loved.
Little Lucy wants to do everything Estelle can do, but Estelle keeps pointing out that Lucy is too small.
Celebrates the dignity, integrity, and honor of being a father.
"Succinct topical essays, easy-to-read headers, extensive cross-references, and lists of further readings make this encyclopedia particularly valuable to researchers looking for Supreme Court information. The entries comprise landmark cases, biographical data of justices and other prominent figures, types of law, and the court's impact on U.S. Constitutional law. A roster of justices and the presidents who nominated them, a time line, and a table of important federal statutes round out this handsome set."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2002.
Debbie and Eliza Thornberry learn a lesson about responsibility after each tries to pass a babysitting duty on to the other in order to enjoy activities on the South Pacific island of Bora Bora.
During the War of 1812, a thirteen-year-old officer in the British navy records in his logbook his capture by pirates off the coast of Jamaica.
In 2287, after the collapse of civilization, twenty-two-year-old Jay and his alien chicken Ethel are determined to save the remainder of humanity.
In 1793 Philadelphia, sixteen-year-old Matilda Cook, separated from her sick mother, learns about perseverance and self-reliance when she is forced to cope with the horrors of a yellow fever epidemic.
Pop-up pictures depict several trucks engaged in various activities such as pouring sand, getting stuck in traffic, and being towed.
Family members and friends suggest several cures for Hyacinth's hic-hops, including a nice smelly gorgonzola.
Little Mouse walks, skips, splashes, runs, and rolls to his friend's house.
Describes Little Mouse's busy day, hour by hour, from waking up to going to sleep again.
Relates the life story of the Grinch, who survives a boisterous childhood and almost ruins Christmas for the Whos of Who-ville.
Although each child is making a mess of his or her own, they all deny responsibility for the mud being tracked through the house.
While visiting the art museum, Katie has an adventure stepping in and out of five paintings by Van Gogh, Gauguin, and Cezanne. Includes information about Post-impressionism and the particular paintings and artists in the story.
Peter finds the perfect pumpkin so that he and his Dad can make a jack-o-lantern.
Includes instructions for games and recipes as well as songs, riddles, and poems to celebrate birthdays with a Western and prairie dog theme.
After eleven-year-old Louise makes a wish on the first evening star and her brother turns into a pig, she uses wishes, kisses, and spells to try to put things right again.
Mishoo has everything that a cat could want, but while staying in her summer home in New Mexico, she meets another cat who shows her that there is even more to life.
Born with a withered leg and hand, Pascal, who is about twelve years old, joins other former slaves in a search for a farm and the freedom which it promises.
A fifth-grader starts a newspaper with an editorial that prompts her burnt-out classroom teacher to really begin teaching again, but he is later threatened with disciplinary action as a result.
Sent by their vacationing parents to visit Mad Aunt Mabel, Perry and Ant have an adventure, while their younger siblings Sun Dance and Beany stay at home making burglar traps and searching for a magic sword.
While in London as part of an all-boy acting company preparing to perform in a replica of the famous Globe Theatre, Nat Field suddenly finds himself transported back to 1599 and performing in the original theater under the tutelage of Shakespeare himself.
When her mother inherits an old plantation house in the Louisiana countryside, fifteen-year-old Lia seeks to rid it of the evil spirit that haunts it.
The author describes some of the dogs that have had special places in his life, including his first dog, Snowball, in the Philippines; Dirk, who protected him from bullies; and Cookie, who saved his life.
Molly is sure that she will find the surprise at the end of the overnight nature hike at Camp Gowonagin, but then she finds her own secret surprise.
In the early 1800s, nine-year-old Josefina accompanies her father into the New Mexican mountains to check on the elderly shepherd who works for him, and she proves herself a good traveling companion when her father has an accident.
All winter Felicity has waited to go to the Williamsburg town fair, but her foolhardy actions in trying to feed the race horses spoil the fun and teach her a lesson.
When her friend Nellie is suspected of stealing Mrs. Van Sicklen's black pearls at Christmastime, Samantha helps her discover where they really went.
In 1856, Kirsten and her cousins look after the farm while the adults go to town for supplies, and everything is fine--until a blizzard surprises them.
An ornery giant catfish that does not like singing causes trouble for the residents of a little town called Pleasant, until Steamboat Annie teaches him a lesson.
Illustrations and rhyming text portray children experiencing a range of emotions, including frustration, shyness, jealousy, and pride.
When his father leads him on a magical trip of discovery through new fallen snow, a young boy who emigrated from his warm island home overcomes fears about living in New York.
In 1942, Robert and his cousin Elliot uncover long-hidden family secrets while staying in their grandparents' Rhode Island town, where they also become involved with a German artist who is suspected of being a spy.
A multicultural collection of traditional tales contributed by experienced storytellers, with tips for telling the stories.
Living in the inner city amidst guns and poverty, fifteen-year-old LaVaughn learns from old and new friends, and inspiring mentors, that life is what you make it--an occasion to rise to.
A boy describes his experiences learning karate, especially how it has increased his self-confidence.
Parents express love for their children under all kinds of circumstances, no matter where or when.
When Bren develops a crush on a new student, she lies to her friends and on a computer dating questionnaire in order to be matched with him.
Presents case histories that illustrate the role of and techniques used by defense lawyers in the American judicial system.
A collection of sixteen Gypsy folktales retold from the traditions of the Welsh and American Rom. Includes proverbs and sayings.
When Jason, the team clown, finds that he will be taking the regular goalie's place in an upcoming soccer game, he embarks on a determined plan to learn everything he can about goalkeeping.
Nim loves her island home and the animals she shares it with even while her scientist father is away doing research, but trouble is on the way and a new e-mail friend could be the only one who can help.
The Grinch tries to stop Christmas from arriving by stealing all the presents and food from the village, but much to his surprise it comes anyway.
Brenna, Maggie, and Zoe go to Florida to visit a manatee rescue center, where they learn about these endangered marine mammals.
During vacation Bible school, Secret Sisters Tess and Erin go to work at a Navajo Indian reservation where Tess plans to participate in a river baptism even though she thinks that her non-Christian parents will disapprove.
Secret Sisters Tess and Erin go to a community modeling school where they learn that God cares about what people are like on the inside, not how they look on the outside.
During the Depression, having discovered that she has the ability to have out-of-body experiences, twelve-year-old Mary Francis tries to use it to deal with the "peculiar domestic situation" caused by her family's financial plight.
Rhyming text describes a variety of Halloween costumes and characters, from venomous vampire and hairy werewolf to mysterious mummy and warty witch.
A series of stories in which McDuff, a West Highland Terrier puppy, finds a wonderful home, has an adventure chasing a rabbit, adjusts to a new baby in the house, and helps rescue Santa.
Having gone to the Pink Hotel to get some sleep, Fireman Small detects a fire there and saves its animal guests.
Rhyming text reveals the loving sounds baby animals hear from their parents, from the "nuzzle, nuzzle, nuzzle" heard by the colt to "I love you" heard by a human baby.
When Piper the mouse sneaks into the circus and "borrows" different things, he learns a lesson about honesty.
When eleven-year-old Regan begins to suffer from juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, she must face the possibility that her dream of being a professional dancer may never come true.
When Russell decides to stay home from nursery school and be a baby just like his new sister, he discovers that being treated like a baby when you are a big boy is no fun at all.
When a young boy has a day where nothing goes right, his father helps him deal with his feelings and see that things change as he grows up.
The moon falls down to earth one night and roams about with a friendly cow before returning to the sky.
A young wolf cub learns from his father that he is able to do just what is needed for his size.
While fishing with his grandfather in the swamp, a young boy asks all kinds of questions about a very special bear.
Thirteen-year-old Odysseus, who longs to be a hero, has many opportunities to prove himself during an adventure which involves pirates and satyrs, a trip to Crete's Labyrinth, and the two young girls, Penelope and Helen, who play a major role in his future life.
After moving with their widowed mother to the home in the woods near Concord, Wisconsin, nine-year-old Caroline Quiner, who grows up to become the mother of Laura Ingalls Wilder, and her brothers and sisters try to adjust to their new neighborhood and new stepfather.
Joey, Michael, and Sarah pass through a magic door into the land of the Great Kettles, where they help recover the moon from a giant who had stolen it.
In a village where everything is painted white, a stranger agrees to paint the school in order to avoid bad luck, but instead teaches the villagers a valuable lesson.
On an outing to the fair, a perpetually hungry little dog swallows a helium balloon and leads his owners on a wild chase.
Though her parents "jumped the broom" to get married when they were slaves, now that they are living free in Philadelphia after the Civil War they plan to have a church wedding and Addy works to complete a special quilt to give them as a wedding gift.
Mama Mouse and Little Mouse, having seen and heard various animal parents pledging their love to their children, tell each other how special they are.
Anthony's bear learns a hard lesson about leaving other people's possessions alone.
A young boy named Elijah learns that no gift is too small in God's hands as he watches Jesus feed thousands of hungry people from Elijah's basket of bread and fish.
The author relates incidents in his life and how they inspired parts of his books about the character, Brian Robeson.
Twelve-year-old Nora and her younger sister and brothers struggle to stay together and to someday be reunited with their mother after they travel from New York City to Nebraska on the orphan train in 1870.
Mickey has trouble with Mack, a bully at school, until he decides to try being nice to Mack and making him a friend.
A traditional Scottish tale set in Norway in which a courageous girl sets out to seek her fortune and ultimately finds true love.
With the help of Eskimos, Jan Welzl survives a perilous journey from central Europe to the Arctic regions in the late 1800s.
An experiment to see if a wolf will adopt an abandoned baby turns into a desperate situation for two schoolboys in early nineteenth-century England when the child is recovered by well-meaning passersby.
Unsettling words from his dying father set twelve-year-old William on a mission to eighteenth-century London where, in the course of searching for his father's mysterious business partner, he encounters an odd assortment of characters, some of whom seem determined to kill him.
Fast-crawling Hannah keeps Mama busy by getting into all kinds of mischief around the house.
Twelve-year-old cousins Addie and Tanner spend an adventure-filled summer at Gram and Great-Uncle Henry's cottage on the banks of Florida's alligator-infested Oonawassee River.
A Pony Express rider stops to help a family in need at Christmas despite his mission to deliver the mail without delay.
Dream Dancer, a Cheyenne Indian, is certain she is meant to become a tribal healer like her grandfather, even though women are forbidden from getting this training.
As the only girl in a Finnish American family of seven brothers, May Amelia Jackson resents being expected to act like a lady while growing up in Washington state in 1899.
In this novel based on the story of Cinderella, Ella struggles against the childhood curse that forces her to obey any order given to her.
Although thirteen-year-old Willa Jo and her Aunt Patty seem to be constantly at odds, staying with her and Uncle Hob helps Willa Jo and her younger sister come to terms with the death of their family's baby.
The ordinary interactions and everyday routines of the Watsons, an African American family living in Flint, Michigan, are drastically changed after they go to visit Grandma in Alabama in the summer of 1963.
Eleven-year-old Nickel, a boy with a great affinity for both animals and photography, moves into an apartment building run by the strange and mysterious Mr. Beastly and discovers a secret about the other tenants.
Mortimer the bear uses his toys and other favorite things to help young readers become familiar with the letters of the alphabet.
Mortimer the bear helps young readers become familiar with the alphabet by looking for objects that begin with each letter.
The fact that his mother has been infested by an alien parasite and his father is planning to remarry puts Marco under such stress that he begins to morph into bizarre creatures that he is afraid will attract the attention of the Yeerks.
In an effort to help start a rebellion against the Yeerks on the Hork-Bajir home world, Cassie agrees to become the host for the persona of a dead alien.
While Jake and the other Animorphs try to stop Visser Three from reaching the Pemalite ship at the bottom of the ocean, they discover a strange underwater civilization.
Tobias and the other Animorphs discover that the Yeerks, a parasitic alien race bent on enslaving Earth, plan to test a device that could put an end to the Animorphs' fight against the Yeerks.
The Yeerk that controls Jake's brother Tom is desperate to keep Tom from going with the family to his great-grandfather's funeral, even if he has to kill Jake's father.
This expanded version of the traditional rhyme shows what happens when a young mouse tries to get rid of a pesky fly. Includes music on the last page.
Rachel, one of the Earth teenagers dedicated to stopping the parasitic alien race known as the Yeerks, is horrified when she finds herself split into two nearly identical girls.
Martin goes back to the playground at night alone and meets a family of giant lions who roar and climb with him.
In plague-ridden 1602 England, a fifteen-year-old orphan boy, who has become an apprentice actor, goes on the road with Shakespeare's troupe, and finds out more about his parents along the way.
This book describes the homes, customs, and habits of seventeenth and eighteenth century North American settlers.
The animals misunderstand the farmer's "Storm" warning and expect someone scary and mean.
The moon lights the night for farmers, mothers and babies, wolves, and more.
A Swiss orphan is heartbroken when she must leave her beloved grandfather and their happy home in the mountains to go to school and to care for an invalid girl in the city.
Everyone enjoys Dan's funny-looking pants, which his wife makes from the bright fabrics Dan sells. Includes photographs of colorful fabrics worn by the real Dan Boltz.
When he is given an unlucky uniform number, Beans Baker considers giving up baseball rather than face kidding from the other players.
In this adaptation of a familiar story, a father and son take the advice of different people on how they should carry their chilis to market.
Martin's grandmother warns him about looking too long into the eyes of a fox, but he can't resist and finds himself in the fox's body for a day.
Cat and Rat learn ice skating at an indoor rink and get to be Snowballs in a show there.
A child describes the various little dishes of dim sum that she and her family enjoy on a visit to a restaurant in Chinatown.
The unusual buttons from a young girl's favorite coat provide magical assistance to a giant, a swan, some sailors, a wizard, some rabbits, and an elf.
When they are given an unusual comic book that allows them to travel in time, twelve-year-old Brian hopes that he and his friend will be able to replace his father's valuable Superman comic that Brian had ruined years before.
While confined to a mental hospital, thirteen-year-old Callie slowly comes to understand some of the reasons behind her self-mutilation, and gradually starts to get better.
In a small Arkansas town in the 1930s, thirteen-year-old Cassie Hill's grief-stricken sister leaves town, her father becomes overly friendly with the new preacher's wife, and her Sunday School teacher causes trouble, but Cassie finds comfort in her new friendship with a quiet boy from Hungary.
Explains how levers work, describes different machines that uses levers, and tells how to create an example of a lever in a pop-up card.
A simple biography of the man whose Model T automobile made the gasoline powered car affordable to Americans.
An illustrated collection of poems by such authors as Christina Rossetti, Robert Browning, Emily Dickinson, Lewis Carroll, Ted Hughes, and Eleanor Farjeon.
Despite their frequent disagreements, two pirates share many adventures .
A frightened American soldier faces combat in the lush forests of Vietnam.
Jenny is discouraged when her second grade penpal turns out to be a new student from Saudi Arabia who does not speak English very well, but as she works with her they slowly become friends.
Recounts the efforts of Louisa May Alcott's family to establish a utopian community known as Fruitlands in Massachusetts in 1843, as seen through the eyes of the shy eleven-year-old girl next door.
A simple introduction to the life and work of Florence Nightingale, the nineteenth-century English woman considered to be the founder of modern nursing.
Simon cannot help being big and noisy, until he goes to Africa with his parents and watches a herd of elephants being big and noisy sometimes and silent when they need to be.
On this year's visit to his great-aunts' farm, a young boy enjoys all that is involved in making plum jam--even the adventure of getting the plums from Farmer Wilson's tree.
Despite a jealous king's repeated attempts to get rid of her, Ma'antah continually manages to outwit him and proves herself worthy of the name Sense Pass King.
When he and his brother Josh find a mer-baby caught in their fishing net, Tarron, rejecting his brother's plan to sell the baby and make a profit, discovers that there are greater treasures than gold.
Inspired by the movie Frankenstein, bug-lover Adam Cricklestein decides to create a monster bug that will protect him from the school bully, Jeb McAllister.
Events in the history of the United States, from George Washington's presidency through the beginning of the space program, are related to the experiences of one family.
A young rabbit uses quite a lot of imagination when he creates a picture for his mother's birthday.
While waiting for his birthday, Davy Rabbit makes some wishes which are fulfilled when his grandparents come to his party as a special birthday present.
When he discovers that his treasure is missing, Hamster asks each of his animal friends if they took it, until he learns what happened.
Lars the polar bear teases his friend Hugo the hare for being afraid of everything, until the day they get lost in the snow.
When he learns of Santa Claus from an old calendar, a poor young boy sends off his Christmas wishes tied to a balloon and gets a surprising response.
Danny turns into a prowling lion with a big appetite when he doesn't get the sausages and raspberry juice he wanted for lunch.
Discusses the life and career of the basketball star Tim Duncan, who was drafted by the San Antonio Spurs in 1997.
When Meredith the witch inadvertently uses a spell to summon an uninvited guest, she and the unwelcome sorcerer try to outdo each other with their magic.
After the death of their father, Fiona, who wants to be a ballerina and to be accepted by her peers, and her younger sister, Wallace, who is an independent free-spirit, rebuild a life for themselves and their artist mother in the now-neglected mansion that was once their beautiful home.
Provides information on child development and advice on how to care for a child from twelve to twenty-four months of age, including facts about play activities, discipline, feeding, toilet training, safety, and health care.
Provides information on infant development and advice on how to care for a child for the first twelve months of its life, including facts about feeding, sleeping, crying, and other concerns.
A humorous retelling of the fatal episodes in the lives of two foolish pigs and how the third pig manages to avoid the same fate.
On a two-day hiking trip to a fire tower, members of a Cub Scout den learn how fires are spotted and reported.
Provides profiles of the women who influenced the history of the United States as wives of its presidents.
A retelling of fifteen Greek and Roman myths from the point of view of the main protagonist. Includes "Arachne," "Callisto," "Baucis and Philemon," and "Sisyphus."
A young girl demonstrates to her mother and father how well she has learned to read.
Eleven-year-old Primrose living in a small fishing village in British Columbia recounts her experiences and all that she learns about human nature and the unpredictability of life in the months after her parents are lost at sea.
A young girl puts on costumes of different colors and imagines herself dancing on stage.
A rhyming survey of the many things that adults tell children to do and not to do.
When her maternal grandfather comes from China, Helen, who is biracial, develops a special bond with him despite their age and language differences.
A young girl recalls her visits with her grandmother during each season of the year, until the winter when she dies.
One by one, ten tiny oni, Japanese goblin-like creatures, grow larger and larger as they beat their drums on the sand, chasing away bad dreams. Includes the Japanese characters for the numbers from one to ten.
Fern and her brother Bracken play hide and seek as the other animals prepare for the first snowstorm of winter.
The idea that hands, feet, eyes, ears, legs, and arms all come in pairs is discovered by two Asian-American toddlers.
Presents profiles of fourteen Latino baseball players who, from 1900 through the 1960s, were pioneers of the sport in their home countries and the United States.
Bernard the rooster becomes unusually grumpy one day, causing the other animals to be concerned about his behavior.
After a tree falls on him, Little Red Car must go to the garage to be repaired.
Based on a song, a child strikes out in a baseball game, but he still feels like the greatest.
When three generations of a family gather to eat watermelon, the grandparents reminisce about how the sweet fruit brought them together.
Pepita thinks it doesn't matter that she is always late, until she finally realizes how her tardiness affects other people and herself.
Wanting to fit in with his skateboarding friends, Zach is tempted to adopt a new image of spiked bleached hair and a pierced ear.
Even without snow, turkey dinner and a perfect tree, Arthur and his family and friends have a wonderful Christmas--and Hanukkah--celebration.
Presents photographs, mixed with paintings, of dogs and cats and such alliterative text as "Freddie fishes for flounder" and "Victoria vacations in Venice" for each letter of the alphabet.
The moon seems to follow as a child travels to Grandma's house.
In the summertime Charlie goes fishing with her friends, investigates the mysterious disappearance of the entire Carter family, meets new neighbors, and finds that she and her older brother can be friends.
A kind and honest young pirate and his ragamuffin crew thwart evil pirates by rescuing and giving riches to the innocent and the poor.
A young girl and her grandmother visit the girl's father in prison.
Tricky Fox uses his sack to trick everyone he meets into giving him ever more valuable items.
Milo the mouse moves to the country because the noisy city traffic keeps him awake at night. Includes related activities.
When Fluffy the guinea pig is accidentally put on the wrong school bus, he ends up having a wonderful time.
This expanded version of the traditional rhyme shows what happens to the butcher, the baker, and the candlestick maker when they go fishing in their tub. Includes music on the last page.
This expanded version of the traditional rhyme presents the further misadventures of Humpty Dumpty after his original tumble off the wall. Includes music on the last page.
This expanded version of the traditional singing rhyme shows what happens when a family of bears rows their boat down the stream. Includes music on the last page.
Groundhog Dog inspires the class to celebrate Groundpig Day with their guinea pig Fluffy, and Fluffy gets to help an unhappy groundhog.
The Dinofours keep their teacher busy helping them make Valentine's Day cards for their families and friends, until they realize that they want to show her how much they love her.
In a letter to the Wish Fairy, Annabel reveals that if she had five wishes she would ask for a cat, a dog, a horse, a pig, and a crow.
Kids having fun with mud find it on their hands and toes, in their hair, over there, over here, and everywhere.
Despite years of abuse at the hands of her drunken father, Baby Girl has always believed that she was special, partly because of her "gift" of seeing the future, until she and her mother set out to begin a new life on their own.
Six tales reveal how the raccoon, the porcupine, the fox, the flying squirrel, the skunk, and the mountain lion came to have their unique characteristics.
With the help of a friend, a little elephant learns to use his enormous ears to become the star of the circus.
A collection of 111 original monologues, all about one minute long, to be used by male and female teenage actors in auditions.
Two very different girls find that the joy of being friends enables them to share their various likes and dislikes.
Her parents' gambling addiction robs twelve-year-old First Mate of her childhood as she must care for her younger siblings and earn money to pay family expenses.
Marcus and his classmates learn about the terrible problem of slavery in present-day Sudan and raise money to help buy the freedom of some of the slaves. Alternate chapters tell the stories of the slaves.
Presents twelve brief animal tales with specific morals which are attributed to a wise Greek slave.
After wishing upon a cloud of flying dandelion seeds, Sam and Jo find themselves in the middle of a wonderful carnival, with a pirate ship, a puppet show, a three-legged race, and a carousel.
A boy who can fly is captured and exploited by an unscrupulous showman.
Two young Indiana soldiers participate in the battle of Gettysburg; one is wounded and forced to rely on the help of two young women living in Gettysburg.
Having met a tall lady and her captivating little dog in a park in Paris, Suzette is later delighted when the lady comes to paint her portrait and brings the dog with her.
Surveys important occurences in Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Americas 2300 years ago.
Describes the impact of World War I on life in the United States, discussing such topics as propaganda, prejudices against immigrants and African-Americans, opposition to the war, and women's roles.
Excerpts from the girlhood diary of Louisa May Alcott, describing her family life, lessons, and experiences on a communal farm in the 1840s. Includes sidebars, activities, and a timeline related to this era.
Two children sitting at home on a rainy day are visited by the Cat in the Hat, who shows them some tricks and games. Includes a Latin-English glossary and a note on the verse form and rhythm.
A witch, a skeleton, a spooky bat, and other creepy characters prepare to do some scaring on Halloween. Features pop-up illustrations.
Presents, in rhymed and illustrated text, a variety of  questions and answers about Biblical characters and events from the Old and New Testaments.
Two rascals sell a vain emperor an invisible suit of clothes.
When the birds have a contest to see which one can fly the higest, they all learn a valuable lesson about cooperation.
A boy climbs to the top of a giant beanstalk where he uses his quick wits to outsmart an ogre and make his and his mother's fortune.
After finding the courage to visit the special baby that has been born in a stable, a timid young hare discovers that even he has a gift for the child.
Describes the personal lives and professional development of the couple responsible for the popular Berenstain Bears books.
Describes the physical characteristics of Scotties and discusses how to care for them as pets.
While investigating the endangered status of elephants in Kenya, the MacGregor kids tangle with international poachers.
While working on a quilt that her grandmother had started before she died, Katy discovers the special memories and meanings that are part of every quilt.
After the mysterious egg they find hatches into a dragon, Jason, Philip, and Rose join their family and friends in a conspiracy to keep the growing creature a secret from the outside world.
With the help of Mozzarella Mouse, Elefantina the elephant trains hard to qualify for the Elympic ice skating team.
Presents lessons from the Torah, suggests ways of performing everyday acts of caring, and lists organizations that help those in need.
A mysterious visitor rewards a poor family for showing him hospitality on the fifth night of Chanukah. Includes a recipe for latke kugel.
Mabel the dog goes sailing off the coast of Maine with her family and is kept busy by their new pet, an inexperienced dog named Maxine.
Doctor Hopper and Nurse Rex Barker treat their fellow stuffed animals' ailments at the animal hospital.
A child watches as a ptarmigan changes its appearance and actions as the seasons change.
Twelve-year-old Amelia feels secretly responsible for her father's death in a plane crash a year earlier.  Her life is turned upside down when a newly religious ex-convict claims to have seen Amelia's father in a vision and moves in with Amelia and her mother.
Follows the adventures of Scamper the rabbit after he comes to live in the White House with the President's grandchildren.
Discusses the everyday life, cooking methods, common foods, and hardships and celebrations during the Gold Rush in California.  Includes recipes.
Discusses the everyday life, cooking methods, and common foods eaten by lumberjacks and loggers working in the American West during the nineteenth century.  Includes recipes.
Beauty seems simple; we know it when we see it. But of course our ideas about what is attractive are influenced by a broad range of social and economic factors, and in Beauty and Business leading historians set out to provide this important cultural context. How have retailers shaped popular consciousness about beauty? And how, in turn, have cultural assumptions influenced the commodification of beauty? The contributors here look to particular examples in order to address these questions, turning their attention to topics ranging from the social role of the African American hair salon, and the sexual dynamics of bathing suits and shirtcollars, to the deeper meanings of corsets and what the Avon lady tells us about changing American values. As a whole, these essays force us to reckon with the ways that beauty has been made, bought, and sold in modern America.
A collection of sports stories by such authors as Enid Bagnold, P. G. Wodehouse, Ring Lardner, and Tessa Duder.
As some warthogs spend a rainy day painting their kitchen, they make a mess and learn about mixing colors.
Edna, a cat known for her beautiful tail, is in for a couple of surprises when she goes into the woods to meet the new cat in the neighborhood.
Cubby and Mommie Bear go to Yellowstone Park and have a great adventure.
Frog learns how to share his best friend, Turtle, with the other animals.
An old and hungry wolf terrorizes the townspeople of Gubbio until Saint Francis shows the villagers how to live peacefully with the wolf.
Follows the adventures and misadventures of ten-year-old Jane Moffat living with her widowed mother and three siblings in their new home in Cranbury, Connecticut, in the early twentieth century.
A miser learns the true meaning of Christmas when three ghostly visitors review his past and foretell his future.
When Uncle Pete comes to visit, he listens to Celeste's singing and helps Jonathan get rid of the ghost that's been causing so much trouble.
A child who is always worried finds a way to overcome his fears.
As they look at photographs of their previous year's Monster Party, two witches begin to exclude zombies, ghosts, and vampires to avoid problems, but finally decide that a party is more fun when everyone is included.
A four-year-old boy talks about what he and his two friends do during their week at preschool.
A collection of essays written by the author from age fifteen to seventeen in which he shares impressions of school, sports, cool people, boring people, friends, family, money, music, and obsessions.
Examines the differing viewpoints on issues related to teen pregnancy, including factors that contribute to this problem, its effects on teenagers' lives, and possible ways to prevent teen pregnancy.
When Cynthia the boisterous kangaroo runs away from the circus, she hides out at quiet Kevin's house and helps him solve the mystery surrounding his parents' inventions.
A collection of six original fables with morals both silly and serious.
Simple text and photographs depict some of the ways children enjoy water--at the beach, in the woods, at a swimming pool, in the city, and at home.
Three years after the death of her mother, eleven-year-old Maddie finds a note attached to a popped balloon, leading to a correspondence with a mysterious fourteen-year-old girl who helps Maddie understand that life must go on.
The story of how unkind treatment and an unhappy Christmas turned the Grinch into a mean-spirited fellow who plagued the Whos.
Using their magic tree house, Jack and Annie travel back to the time of the American Revolution and help General George Washington during his famous crossing of the Delaware River.
When Marvin Redpost's new friend Casey shares with him her magic crystal that can make wishes come true, things get out of control.
"This series discusses how the major fields of science developed during specific time periods. Each volume focuses on a range of years and includes developments in exploration, life sciences, mathematics, physical sciences, and technology. When the series is completed, the seven volumes will cover 2000 B.C. to the present."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
A collection of poems depicting the life of Sue, a Tyrannosaurus that now resides at the Field Museum of Chicago, and the creatures that shared her world during the Cretaceous period.
In 1845, when he leaves the Cheyenne village where he has been living and sets out from Bent's Fort along the Sante Fe Trail in search of his white grandfather, Julio faces danger from renegade Texans, the Pawnee Indians, and a grizzly bear, before finding where he truly belongs.
Six friends, in the last days of their summer vacation on England's watery Norfolk Broads, determine to find out who is constantly setting boats adrift along the river, especially when they become the chief suspects.
A little duck finds adventure on the Yangtze River when he is too late to board his master's houseboat one evening.
A biography of the software developer and computer entrepreneur who founded Microsoft and helped make personal computers a reality.
In three stories, Spot has fun flying his kite, following a great smell, and playing in the snow.
Gus enjoys basketball practice, but the noise and pace of real games bother him, until his grandpa gives him some good advice.
Describes a day in the life of a seeing eye dog, from going with his owner to the grocery store and post office, to visiting a class of school children, and playing ball. Also describes their three-hundred mile walk from Boston to New York.
Profiles young women from around the world who accomplished great things while still teenagers, including Harriet Tubman, Florence Nightengale, and Mia Hamm, and presents writings from modern American girls describing how they plan to "rock the world."
Defines over eight hundred computer and Internet terms.
Retellings of ten Roman myths chronicling the exploits and adventures of Romulus and Remus, Cupid and Psyche, and others.
Little Cat bothers the other cats with his loud meow, but it comes in handy when they are chased by a nasty bulldog.
In a series of short interconnected poems, students at a high school nicknamed Brimstone reveal the violence existing and growing in their lives.
Having all her life unquestioningly abided by her mother's decisions to move frequently and remain aloof from outsiders, fourteen-year-old Nina begins to wonder about the reasons for their way of life.
Ant and Honey Bee try to come up with original outfits for a costume party and almost experience disaster.
Based on the history of the California House Finch, this fictional story follows a group of finches taken to New York where they are forced to perform by the owner of pet store. Each chapter is followed by discussion questions.
Ashley and Adam Arlington team up with members of the Sioux nation as they explore the Black Hills in search of a missing government treaty.
Following clues in a mysterious riddle game, the Arlingtons are led through Montana on a trail that parallels the journey of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
A child describes the many wonderful things about "my dad," who can jump over the moon, swim like a fish, and be as warm as toast.
Life in a southern mangrove swamp is not easy for a crocodile as she mates, lays her eggs, helps her hatched babies begin their precarious lives, and then escapes being shot by a hunter.
When her Uncle Ted, the fireman, comes to stay with Clarice and her brothers and sister while her mother is away, things get somewhat hectic.
A young girl describes all the things she likes about her grandmother, including growing vegetables, picketing City Hall, and playing the banjo.
Four simple stories about a young boy at bedtime, when he is sick, getting ready to play in the snow, and helping his mother clean the house.
Imaginary adventures with Indians, wild animals, and outlaws keep a little cowboy busy.
Examines what life was like for children who grew up as slaves in the United States, describing the conditions in which they lived, the work they did, how they were educated, and their efforts to obtain freedom.
After being blinded in one eye, a young boy becomes wild and unruly, until he discovers the wonders of nature in the Michigan woods near his family's summer cabin.
As Sam and Uncle Ezra watch, the Great Houdini escapes from a trunk at the bottom of the river. Includes factual information about Houdini and his career as a magician and escape artist.
Feeling abandoned by his parents, who have gone their separate ways and left him behind in a small Pennsylvania town, seventeen-year-old Jay finds hope for the future in a church-sponsored basketball team and a female friend.
Describes the work of Charles Jonkel, a biologist who studied polar bears in the Arctic and primarily in Churchill, Manitoba.
Follows the course of slavery in Mesopotamia and Egypt, examining how this practice began and spread, the work slaves did, and the impact of slavery on ancient societies.
Discusses cases where children are forced to work against their wills in difficult and dangerous conditions in various countries around the world.
Describes the orbit, temperature, surface formations, composition, and theories of formation of the planet Mercury, and the probe Mariner X that took pictures of it in 1974 and 1975.
Uses the story of Nick and his teammates' championship baseball game to provide an introduction to aspects of the game of baseball including equipment, player positions, and rules.
Simple rhymes ask the reader to do a variety of things, such as count to twenty, identify animals by the sounds they make, and find hidden pictures.
When sixteen-year-old Hope and the aunt who has raised her move from Brooklyn to Mulhoney, Wisconsin, to work as waitress and cook in the Welcome Stairways diner, they become involved with the diner owner's political campaign to oust the town's corrupt mayor.
Ants march by an assortment of animals in increasingly larger rows.
Ernestine O'Reilly comes from Ireland to Texas as a mail-order bride, but when she meets the man she is supposed to marry, she ends up deciding to be a cowboy instead.
Examines the life of the eighteenth-century Austrian composer, from his acclaim as a child prodigy through his prolific musical career to his early death in 1791 at age thirty-five.
Presents the political and cultural history of China from early human fossil remains to modern times. Includes a time line relating events in China to events in the rest of the world.
Haley's hope of spending the summer playing softball and hanging out with her cousin Gwen is ruined when her father and her uncle land on opposite sides of the local newspaper strike.
A biography of the English founder and first governor of the colony of Georgia who was active in politics and penal reform.
A biography of Ulysses Grant, from his childhood in Ohio, through his education at West Point and his career as an Army officer, to his terms as president of the United States.
A biography of the man who, after escaping slavery, became an orator, writer, and leader in the abolitionist movement in the nineteenth century.
Davey is dubious about having a new adopted brother from Korea, but when he finds out that his parents still love him, he decides that having a baby brother will be fine.
In southeastern Africa, a young Yao girl and her mother find a way for their fellow villagers to escape approaching slave traders.
A fictionalized account of how Spot, a springer spaniel living on Penobscot Bay in the 1930s, loves to ring the lighthouse bell, and uses that skill to guide the mailboat safely through a storm.
Chronicles the adventures of Paddy the Beaver and his animal friends.
When thunder makes a young girl and her dog afraid, they decide to make as much noise as the storm.
A child tries to pack for a trip, but the cat keeps jumping into the suitcase.
Charlie is chilly all over and needs a hug to warm him up.
Annie performs a variety of dances in her recital as she blows in the wind, twirls, taps her toes, and strikes a pose.
Two discarded toy mice survive perilous adventures in a hostile world before finding security and happiness with old friends and new.
Sixteen-year-old Mike becomes involved in the theft of the final exam for his history class and turns to God for help in repenting and confessing his guilt.
Experimenting with different combinations of foods, Trudie continues to try to make her fellow fifth grader Ben fly and develop other superhero powers.
Serena, a moon goddess who has the special gift of reading minds, is torn between joining the dark force of the evil Atrox and staying with her friends, the Daughters of the Moon.
The familiar Christmas poem is illustrated with photographs of dogs.
When Eddie, one of Santa's elves, accidentally knocks him out on Christmas Eve, Eddie finds an unlikely substitute in the owner of Murray K's Holiday Diner.
Maggie snorkels around a big coral reef and is delighted to find a beautiful underwater world of interesting animals.
Juliet Jones and her homeschooler friends go on a wilderness outing and when things start disappearing in the woods, Juliet has a difficult mystery to solve.
Six tales chronicling the life and adventures of Babar the elephant including "The story of Babar," "The travels of Babar," "Babar the king," "Babar and Zephir," "Babar and his children," and "Babar and Father Christmas."
Dan becomes an archaeologist, a pirate, an Outer Space Man, and other resourceful characters as he clears out the monumental mess in his room.
A mad scientist's dim-witted assistant tries to force his master into giving him a bigger brain by stealing the scientist's fuzzy pink slippers.
Even though she has not been invited to the party, D.W. manages to save Arthur from having to kiss Francine.
While on a family camping trip, Sam, Polly, and Joe receive three feathers that lead them on a magical flying adventure.
Explains how climate and the nomadic culture influenced the Arctic peoples in their choice of dwellings. Includes directions for making a model igloo.
A family's dinnertime is disrupted when a bird flies down the chimney, starting a wild chase across the newly cleaned carpet.
Harry, a young centipede, faces danger and frustration when he is captured by a hoo-min and placed in a jar.
After moving from South Dakota, Rose Wilder eventually makes friends, proves herself to be the best speller in her class, and copes with a difficult teacher at her new Missouri school.
In 1880, Noah's aunt teaches the reluctant nine-year-old how to read as they explore the Colorado prairie together, Noah pushing Aunt Dora in her wheelchair.
In his journey to a more enlightened state, a monkey must end his trickery and understand that there is strength in admitting weakness. Based on a section of the Chinese epic "Journey to the West."
A disturbing incident when he is only seven years old foreshadows  the role Gabriel will play in the relations between his Navorran people and the Shinali, a role which is solidified when he becomes an Elected One and trains to be a Healer.
The adventures of the Moffat children living in Cranbury, Connecticut in the early twentieth century as they create a museum, participate in their sister's wedding, and try to buy a trolley car.
When three alien cheeses threaten the Earth with cheesy destruction, Funny Boy must once again use his superhuman wit to save the planet.
Solly's stepmother forbids him to go the Circus Lunicus, but gives him an inflatable lizard that turns into his fairy godmother and teaches him how to turn into a space lizard as well.
After a tragic airplane crash that claims the lives of most of his family, sixteen-year-old Tate goes to live with his wealthy great-grandfather and his adopted black great-aunt Vidalia and he finds unexpected solace in the stories of her childhood spent travelling with a Depression-era Negro baseball team.
After seeing a girl raped and becoming obsessed with her, sixteen-year-old Thulani finds motivation to move beyond his interest in his pigeons and his grief over his mother's death.
A collection of nine tales from countries around the world, dealing with an assortment of supernatural creatures.
In 1945, having joined his father at Los Alamos, where he and other scientists are working on a secret project to end World War II, thirteen-year-old Stephen becomes caught in a web of secrecy and intrigue.
The adventures of seven-year-old Rufus Moffat, living with his widowed mother and older siblings including his encounter with an invisible piano player and his attempts at ventroliquism.
At bedtime a pig imagines all the different things he can be when he grows up, from fearless fireman to pirate on the Seven Seas. Features movable flaps.
When Therese is chosen to do the coveted oral report on Ethan Allen, she learns a great deal about the Vermont hero and also discovers what pleasure she gets from writing and presenting the report.
When the bear insults the wren's children, a battle breaks out among the forest animals.
Little Mouse is busy all week preparing for the party he is having on Sunday.
Two mice enjoy a day at the beach, splashing in the waves, building a sand castle, and having a picnic.
A rhyming presentation of a variety of robots, from a "bendy" orange one to a scruffy dog robot.
While on a cattle drive, three rough, tough cowboys encounter a little baby who causes them to change their ways, at least for a while.
After Unhei moves from Korea to the United States, her new classmates help her decide what her name should be.
When his night light burns out before he falls asleep, a young boy thinks of all the other sources of light that can brighten his room.
When Great-uncle Patrick tries to give his grandnieces a treasure to take with them to America, he accidentally lures a leprechaun into their suitcases--with very lucky results.
Describes the life of Thomas Jefferson at Monticello, in Paris, and at the White House, focusing on his love of good food.  Includes  recipes for several of his favorite dishes.
Describes Martha Washington, wife of the first president of the United States, her activities during the Revolutionary Was and as first lady, and some of the foods she served at various stages in her life.  Includes recipes.
When their father gets sick and cannot take them out trick or treating on their first Halloween in their new country, Anya and her sisters and brother are surprised when their shy mother agrees to accompany them.
An abridged version of "Romeo and Juliet" with excerpts from the dialogue and prose summaries of portions of the action. Includes discussion questions.
KC discovers that the President of the United States has been replaced by a clone and sets out with her friend Marshall on a dangerous mission to set things right.
After the Civil War Paul, the son of a white father and a black mother, finds himself caught between the two worlds of colored folks and white folks as he pursues his dream of owning land of his own.
A black family living in Mississippi during the Depression of the 1930s is faced with prejudice and discrimination which its children do not understand.
Sasha's grandfather makes her a tiny wooden doll, but the mice are able to carry it off, so he makes another slightly larger doll to hold the tiny one, and then another, and another.
Sarah's cat Rotten Ralph tries to help her create a school project based on ancient Egypt, but he is more of a hindrance than a help.
Text and photographs introduce these creatures whose life cycles span the changes from egg to adult butterfly.
Text and photographs introduce these gentle brownish gray mammals that live in the water.
Illustrations and rhyming text describe some of the delights of spring.
Anansi the Spider steals Hyena's magic stick so he won't have to do the chores, but when the stick's magic won't stop, he gets more than he bargained for.
While piloting his spaceship through the skies, Captain Invincible encounters three-dimensional shapes, including cubes, cylinders, and pyramids.
Adventures of the Chrestomanci, an enchanter with nine lives, whose job is to control the practice of magic in the infinite parallel universes of the Twelve Related Worlds.
When Kuai cannot get enough to eat, he begins using sticks to grab food too hot for the hands, and soon all of China uses Kuai zi, or chopsticks.
Fearing that his Halloween at school will be ruined because he has left his pirate outfit on the bus, Arnold uses his imagination to come up with a new costume.
First grader Russell Michaels grows more than an inch taller, becoming big enough to wear his red slicker and big enough to deal with family and school challenges.
Ten-year-old Abbie, bullied at school for being small, wants to get a big black dog, but two months of living with a little Yorkshire terrier changes his mind about a number of things.
A girl describes the variety of trees found in her town and how forests provide many benefits for people and animals.
Papa Wolf expects his son Max to be a hunter, like other wolves, but Max has different ideas about his future.
Relates the adventures of an inquisitive little girl who lives in a large apartment building in New York with her parents and little brother Teddy.
After Kestrel Hath rebels against the stifling rules of Amaranth society and is forced to flee, she, along with her twin brother and a tagalong classmate, follow an ancient map in quest of the legendary silver voice of the wind singer, in an attempt to heal Amaranth and its people.
Although no one else can see it, Harry is very pleased to have a horse in his room.
When Caroline Quiner and her family are forced to move from Brookfield further west, Caroline, who will become the mother of Laura Ingalls Wilder, does her part as they settle in and make a new home.
Mary, her cat Lilyleaf, and her guinea pig Mr. Keylock are astounded to discover that Mary's little brother Billy can fly whenever the moon is full.
Cherry keeps a diary about her parents' divorce, her new stepfather Roland Butter who draws rebuses for her, and the coming stepbrother or stepsister.
Pip's two grandmothers, who cannot agree on anything, take Pip and her friends trick-or-treating on Halloween.
When a brother and sister are taken to stay with their mother's sister because their mother neglects them, they wonder if they will see their mother again.
In 1938-1939, fourth-grader Monchi Ramirez and the other students at Coyote School enjoy their new teacher, have a special Christmas celebration, participate in the Tucson Rodeo Parade, and produce their own school newspaper.
Jack the blackbird and Jim the seagull become friends, but Jack is sad that the other seagulls do not seem to like him.
Relates the adventures and misadventures of the four Moffat children living with their widowed mother in a yellow house on New Dollar Street in the small town of Cranbury, Connecticut.
In 1882 Hattie, a fourteen-year-old orphan, joins her cousin Sophie in attending boarding school at Miss Bulkley's Seminary for Young Ladies in Tarrytown, New York, and tries to find her place in the world.
After a gift for her grandma arrives in the mail, a girl delivers the present, transforming the box it came in into a variety of forms of transport along the way.
The words of Woody Guthrie's song describe how a dolly sings, dances, eats, drinks, and sleeps.
Bobo the chimp seeks hugs among various jungle animals and their young, but he does not get what he wants until he is reunited with his own parent.
Jennie helps her grandmother prepare for a family Sabbath celebration.
A doll on the shelf of the company store in the coal mining community of Beckley, West Virginia, yearns to go home with one of the families.
After his mother gives him a crown, a little boy decides to do only what he wants to do, until he is sent to his room.
When Grandpa's overalls run off, his family and neighbors try to catch them and then pitch in to do the work that Grandpa cannot do without his pants.
Diggety goes to obedience school, attends a costume party, and accompanies George to school for sharing time.
Lulu loves to hear her Greek grandmother sing when they are alone, but she is embarrassed by her grandmother's exuberance in public--until a special picnic at school.
As night settles in, a baby's yawn travels around the world, inducing sleepiness everywhere.
When the world was young, butterflies were so noisy that they did not see the beauty around them--until a great storm transformed and silenced them.
Magnolia the goose longs to be a mother and finally gets her wish when a baby elephant is left behind by a circus.
A retelling of the well-known tale in which two children lost in the woods find their way home despite an encounter with a wicked witch.
Alice's first year in high school gets off to a difficult start when she and her boyfriend Patrick break up, but with the help of her father, older brother, and best friends, she gains a better sense of her own self-worth.
Although her fearless brothers have learned to fly, a small white bird is afraid.
When a small boy wanders away from his mother, she enlists the help of an old crow to find him.
Delores is upset when her friends are chosen to sing in the chorus, but she finds a way to become part of the performance.
In this retelling of the Norwegian tale, three clever billy goats outwit Calypso Joe, a big ugly troll that lives under the bridge on Split in Two Island in the Caribbean Sea.
In 1944 Gabriella, Esther, and other young people see the impact of World War II on their lives in the United States.
In 1968, eleven-year-old Jaynell's life in the town of Moon, Texas, is enlivened when her eccentric Grandpap comes to live with her family.
An escaped hampster enlivens the ride on an already chaotic school bus.
When her parents and aunt die, May Chandler discovers that she was adopted and that she has a sister somewhere, and May is determined to find her.
Daisy, an unhappy hen in China, floats down the river in a basket and has an adventure.
The Lion, the Bear, and the Elephant compete to see who can do the best job scaring a tiny old woman, but she has a surprise for them.
Even when the class bully at her new school makes fun of her, Molly remembers what her grandmother told her and she feels good about herself.
Henry, a very sick little hedgehog, receives treatment from the White Wolf that makes him feel even worse but eventually cures him, and through the ordeal he holds a stone to help him stay strong and brave.
Joe, Fred, and Sam demonstrate some of their favorite professional wrestling moves, including the "Time Warp Trio Blind Ninja Smackdown," when they're transported to ancient Rome and forced to fight as gladiators in the Colosseum.
Simia, a young monkey, wants to grab any pretty thing she sees, but from experience she discovers that this is not always a good idea.
A collection of tales from around the world, including "The bunyip," "Abena and the python," "A bargain is a bargain," and "Vasilissa and Baba Yaga."
Molly lives with her mother in a fancy Manhattan apartment, where she is lonely except for her cat and her magical dress that turns her into anyone she wants to be.
Cowgirl Rosie and the sheriff venture into the desert to track down Rosie's missing baby bison.
Twelve-year-old Gabby feels that she needs a mother to help her grow into a woman, so when things between her father and his latest girlfriend do not work out, Gabby set off for the last place she remembers seeing her own mother.
Because they freed a shark caught in a net, the fearsome Shark God rescues a brother and sister from the cruel king's imprisonment and helps them find a new, peaceful kingdom across the sea.
An old black man finds a baby abandoned in a dumpster and raises him in a rough Los Angeles neighborhood to know both African American and Mexican American ways.
When Ernie leaves the city and goes to live in the Aboriginal reserve of Arnhem Land, he sends letters to his old classmates describing the activities of his new friends.
After his anger erupts into violence, Cole, in order to avoid going to prison, agrees to participate in a sentencing alternative based on the native American Circle Justice,  and he is sent to a remote Alaskan Island where an encounter with a huge Spirit Bear changes his life.
The students in Mrs. Madoff's class keep track of the days they have been in school, marking each interval of ten, until they reach 100 days.
A little girl is very upset when her baby brother drools on her doll, but during a time-out, she thinks of some of the things she likes about her brother.
When a warthog sneezes while carrying soup to the table, he begins an onomatopoeic chain reaction that involves the whole family.
Little Monster is concerned about leaving his parents behind when he grows up to be an explorer in outer space.
Two little trains, one streamlined, the other old-fashioned, puff, puff, puff, and chug, chug, chug, on their way West.
Even though the other animals exclude him from the Christmas play because of his quills, Little Porcupine still ends up in a starring role.
Fourteen-year-old Emily finds refuge in a tree house in the yard of her new home in Seattle and develops a friendship with a troubled girl.
Chronicles the joys and sorrows of the four March sisters as they grow into young women in nineteenth-century New England.
A miser learns the true meaning of Christmas when three ghostly visitors review his past and foretell his future.
Miss Mouse, a mischievous rag doll, takes an airplane trip to visit Granny.
A hardworking family gets their own house at last by joining a community program that restores old houses. Includes a note about housing organizations, such as Habitat for Humanity.
A rabbit gets stranded on a deserted island with a trunk full of treasure and must find his way home.
Follows the experiences over the course of a year of five-year-old Charlotte Tucker, who would grow up to become the grandmother of Laura Ingalls Wilder, living with her family in Roxbury, Massachusetts, during the War of 1812.
In this story based on true events, sixteen-year-old Eva and her female friends become obsessed with a charismatic young man who comes to Corvallis, Oregon, in 1904, claiming to be a Christian prophet.
School newspaper reporter Casey Smith searches out the person who is trying to sabotage Trumbull Middle School's star cheerleader, while also puzzling over her friends' constant worrying about their looks.
A little girl falls down a rabbit hole and discovers a world of nonsensical and amusing characters.
Talkative, ten-year-old Rebecca goes to live with her spinster aunts, one harsh and demanding, the other soft and sentimental, and  spends seven difficult but rewarding years growing up in their company.
Ellie and her friends, five Australian teenagers who survived the enemy invasion of their country, use guerrilla tactics to support a major counterattack by New Zealand troops.
Discusses the changing roles, rights, and contributions of Afro-Americans in the United States during the colonial period from 1607 to 1763. Also includes a chronology of significant events.
Little Raccoon has adventures fishing by himself at night, venturing into the outside world beyond his woods, and babysitting two tricky chipmunks.
When Miss Pearl falls and breaks her hip, her potbellied pig Little Flower goes for help.
Little Horse falls into the stream and is swept away into a dangerous adventure and a new life.
Alexandra, a young Jewish girl from Jerusalem, describes her life and the creation of Hanukkah, more than 2000 years ago.
When Old Man Winter lets his snow ponies out of the barn, they run into the world, and everything that they touch turns white.
Her loving relationship with the black woman who works for her family and her friendship with two black neighbors in the small Mississippi town where she grows up in the 1950s and 1960s brings Teddy into conflict with her racist father, a member of the local Ku Klux Klan.
After her sister Laura is murdered in South Africa, Berry and her estranged father travel there to participate in the dedication of a memorial in her name.
The kids of Liberty Street join forces to help the Araboolies when mean General Pinch orders them to move because they look different.
When Mike discovers that his rough-and-tumble new puppy is a female, he tries to make her into a dainty dog.
Describes a 1997 discovery of the fossilized remains of a dinosaur nesting ground and what it told the fossil hunters of the habits and behavior of the dinosaurs that used it.
This collection of nine short stories presents episodes of education gone awry.
A young Korean girl and her family find it difficult to learn English and adjust to life in America.
After her mother leaves home suddenly, thirteen-year-old Sal and her grandparents take a car trip retracing her mother's route. Along the way, Sal recounts the story of her friend Phoebe, whose mother also left.
Seven generations of a Jewish family hear stories of their family history, all told while making apple strudel.
Living in a rural community in Wisconsin during the 1950s, eleven-year-old Amanda gradually and painfully learns a lot about herself, her parents, and her older sister.
Eleven-year-old Jennalee is jealous when a slow-thinking black man arrives in her Smoky Mountains community and claims to be the son of Uncle Beau, the owner of the general store and Jennalee's only friend.
After a hit to the face that knocks her out momentarily, a soccer halfback develops a fear of the ball.
When Binky is accused of vandalizing school property, Buster and Fern test their detective skills to find the real culprit.
When a flu epidemic strikes the staff of the Chronicle, Joe and Wishbone are called into detective duty as well as serving as replacement reporters.
After being taken to Norway as slaves, an Irish brother and sister sail with their Norwegian master to Iceland, where they spend an adventurous year, all the time dreaming of returning home to Ireland.
Even after a story, being tucked in, and warm milk, Sam is not ready to go to sleep until his mother kisses him good-night.
Having given her baby up for adoption, Nikki tries to explain her feelings about abortion to her classmates, while struggling with a relationship that may be leading her away from God and while being exposed to dangerous vandalism at school.
Felix feels bad and does not want to eat or play, so his mother takes him to Doctor Duck, who makes everything better.
Worm compares the appearance of his animal friends to his own, builds a tower out of blocks, tries to stay cool in the hot sun, and watches movies on television.
Mrs. Gaskitt the taxi driver, Mr. Gaskitt the heavily dressed man, and their twins, Gus and Gloria, foil a bank robbery.
A young boy named Alex enjoys the homes of both of his parents who live apart but love Alex very much.
In this retelling of a tale from Ghana, a wondrous spider shows two Ashanti weavers how to make intricate, colorful patterns in the cloth that they weave.
A cumulative tale about a small dog named Gracie whose quiet life is disrupted by some noisy painters.
Mama and Papa Bear try to teach Brother and Sister the value of money and how to manage their allowance.
Illustrations and simple, rhyming text portray the way of life of the Nez Perce people, and how everything changed after the white men arrived, as seen through the eyes of a young girl, Broken Feather.
Characters discuss what they know about good manners and how they will have them someday, but for now they are "just kids."
Illustrations and brief text describe a visit to a pond, including clothes, equipment, and things to see and do.
A stroll by the sea involves a windbreaker, sunglasses, binoculars, the watching of slick fish and wet waves, and the collecting of shells.
Climbing a mountain involves seeing slithering snakes, reading a map, and watching a sunset from the summit.
Illustrations and brief text describe a visit to the desert, including what to wear and things to see and do.
A walk in the woods involves seeing tall trees and silly squirrels, collecting leaves, and listening for birds.
Thea's parents do not want her to dress up as a scary monster for the Halloween costume parade, but with Grandma's help she surprises them.
Angelina and her best friend Alice discover the importance of teamwork when their acrobatics are the hit of the gymnastics show at the village fair.
When Cousin Henry gets all the attention in the grown-up musical in which they have roles, Angelina becomes jealous, but she demonstrates her fondness for him when a crisis occurs on opening night.
Angelina and some other mice are preparing for a New Year's Eve ice skating show, but the hockey players keep getting in the way until Angelina gets them involved.
As he struggles to cope with his father's suicide and his mother's possible remarriage, fourteen-year-old Gregory is plagued by recurring dreams that make him question what is real.
Freddy the multitalented pig publishes a newspaper for the animals on Bean Farm.
When she begins dating a wealthy white senior, Ankiza must face the reactions and prejudices of other students, parents, and school officials.
Small Brown Dog can't remember anything, not even his name, until his friends help him out.
As they get older, three sisters decide that they must kidnap children and bring them to their secluded island home to help with the work of caring for an assortment of unusual sea creatures.
Adam consults his talking freckles again after the new girl in middle school joins the boys soccer team.
A retelling, based on the film version, in which the Grinch tries to stop Christmas from arriving in Who-ville by stealing all the presents and food.
Juliet and Joe investigate the strange happenings at an abandoned house in the neighborhood.
Juliet "Too Smart" Jones and her home-schooled friends investigate the mystery of who is drawing murals around town, and learn about trusting God along the way.
Presents descriptions of twenty newly-discovered monsters that cause all sorts of bad behavior.
When Puppy's tooth comes out and he loses it, he figures out a way to get treats from the Tooth Fairy anyway.
A little dog laments the fact that the other dogs won't play with him as long as he has a bath, a bow, and a chain.
Introduces the numbers one to ten as bunnies eat, sing, swing, and more.
In the Alaskan tundra, Eliza agrees to play follow the leader with a group of lemmings, a decision that may expose her and the rest of her party to danger.
To escape an abusive father and an arranged marriage, fourteen-year-old Sarah, dressed as a boy, leaves her Michigan home to enlist in the Union Army, and becomes a soldier on the battlefields of Virginia as well as a Union spy working in the house of Confederate sympathizer Rose O'Neal Greenhow in Washington, D.C.
When Tommy and the other Rugrats go to the museum, one of Tommy's paintings ends up on display.
Blue learns to spell her name and finds other words that begin with her favorite letters: B, L, U, and E.  Features rebuses.
Henry Bear is determined to win the raffle for the perfect Christmas tree so he will not even consider his friend Stanley's choice of trees.
A small, but clever young girl outwits a rich giant and wins all his gold.
An ever-increasing group of animals go on a picnic, finding a way to divide the food that they all have contributed.
A series of letters describe the actions of Goldilocks, Peter Rabbit, the Three Pigs, Little Red Hen, and other storybook characters when Little Red Hen and her chicks become the target of the unsavory Wolf and his cousin, Fer O'Cious.
When Iris, her family, and the neighbors take a trip to Enchanted Lake, everyone brings what they think is needed, but the family dog turns out to present a problem.
Includes statutory and regulatory authorities. Updated through Dec. 1999.
After moving to a house in the country, Timothy wonders how he will make any friends, but his problem is solved when he finds an imaginative way to rescue a stranded circus train.
Sally, a black Labrador retriever, is on her way to go camping in the mountains.
Toni decides to have a potluck dinner party and calls each of her friends to bring an item, but because of background noise, they each bring the wrong thing.
A mother shares the magic of a snowy night with her baby.
When the Bean farm animals form the First Animal Republic, Freddy the pig fights for justice and fair government against plotting rats and woodpeckers.
The Aldens help a farmer whose honeybees have stopped producing honey and discover a sabotage scheme.
On a summer day in 1900 a family of mice is busy from dawn until dusk at their country home.
A young girl keeps a journal to record what she sees and experiences on a trip to the land of the Maya with her parents.
Theodore the tug has a busy day welcoming the huge tall ships from countries all over the world to Big Harbor.
Thomas must overcome his fear of crossing a very scary bridge.
When Thomas takes children through the Space Fair in the park, he learns about the planets and Earth's moon.
An inquisitive young raccoon spends the day exploring and eating.
Allie knows it's not her imagination when she hears a voice and sees in her mind's eye the face of a girl who seems to be seeking her help.
In 1899, ten-year-old Robbie, son of a preacher in a small Vermont town, gets himself into all kinds of trouble when he decides to give up being Christian in order to make the most of his life before the end of the world.
Fourteen-year-old Billy Baggs has to figure out how to get along with the arch-rival in his love life and on the baseball diamond, and both boys must learn how to deal with the unfair expectations of their fathers.
Following her mother's death in the early 1900s, thirteen-year-old Harry lives on Aunt Sarah's farm where an accident with her spirited colt leaves her a changed young woman.
As Palmer comes of age, he must either accept the violence of being a wringer at his town's annual Pigeon Day or find the courage to oppose it.
Eleven-year-old Annie and her friend Violet tell of the hardships endured by their families when dust storms, drought, and the Great Depression hit rural Oklahoma.
When a boy and girl are drowned in the Blackwater River, thirteen-year-old Brodie must decide whether to confess that he may have caused the accident.
Thirteen-year-old Kit goes to live with his grandfather in the decaying coal mining town of Stoneygate, England, and finds both the old man and the town haunted by ghosts of the past.
During a summer spent at Rockaway Beach in 1944,  Lily's friendship with a young Hungarian refugee causes her to see the war and her own world differently.
Describes the physical characteristics, behavior, and habitat of ants.
The lion on Michael's T-shirt comes to life and jumps off, and Michael must convince him to get back onto the shirt before his parents find out.
After finally getting her first library card, Arthur's little sister D.W. tries to check out her favorite book, with humorous results.
Delayed by a snowstorm, Toot gets unexpected help getting back to Woodcock Pocket in time to celebrate Christmas with Puddle.
Partly because of their family's poor finances and partly to prove themselves, brothers Ruben and Cameron take jobs as fighters and find themselves reacting very differently in the boxing ring.
Illustrations and brief text describe all kinds of differences that are "okay," such as "It's Okay to be a different color," "It's Okay to need some help," "It's Okay to be adopted," and "It's Okay to have a Different nose."
After successfully meeting the challenges posed by a dog, cat, and horse, Simon meets a tiger that is much harder to satisfy and that he must outwit before he becomes the tiger's dinner.
A grandmother and grandfather eagerly anticipate the birth of their first grandchild.
The wooden horse that a lonely man carved for the carousel in Salem, Oregon, comes to life to help ease the man's pain over the loss of loved ones.
Kukamba loves helping her grandmother decorate her mud home in a dusty Zimbabwe village, but when the annual rains partially destroy all her art work, Kukamba learns to see the goodness of the rains.
Rhyming text describes a perfect day at the beach, complete with sandy knees, deviled eggs, and a castle with a moat.
Ten-year-old Danny is bored and lonely when he hops on the back of the exciting and somewhat scary tiger that offers him a ride, but he soon discovers that it's easier to get on the tiger than it is to get off.
Ten-year-old Mandy must endure torment from three nasty bullies in school, but she finds solace in a new friendship with an older girl.
Describes the life and travels of Jacques Cartier, the sixteenth-century French navigator who made three voyages to what is today known as Canada, in search of a northwest passage to China.
Convinced her brother's death was murder rather than suicide, sixteen-year-old Frances begins her own investigation into suspicious student activities at her boarding school.
Stephane, one of seven dwarf brothers living in the forest, relates how all their lives were changed when they tried to rescue Snow White from the murderous rage of her wicked stepmother.
Tree-ear, a thirteen-year-old orphan in medieval Korea, lives under a bridge in a potters' village, and longs to learn how to throw the delicate celadon ceramics himself.
In the summer before World War I, nine-year-old Anna is happy to spend a week at her aunt and uncle's Beltsville, Maryland, farm  until she meets Theodore, who calls her a "city slicker" and spurs her to prove that she's just as clever and brave as he is.
Mama polar bear tells Little Cub that her birth was a gift from God.
A grandmother promises to skip stones, dunk cookies, and love her grandchild in every way forever.
The newest-born Bear sets off a series of accidents when he knocks over his juice with his oatmeal spoon in this cumulative rhyme.
On Valentine's Day during the sixties, Marcus, an African-American boy in a newly integrated school, uses St. Valentine as a role model to heal the hate in his classroom.
For her tenth birthday, Rosemary Rita's grandmother Mimi sends her a magical hourglass, which takes Rosemary Rita back to 1870 in Germany to meet Mimi's great grandmother and help her decode a mysterious postcard.
After the sale of her mother at a slave auction tears apart her family, Lisa runs away to avoid the same fate.
Rosemary Rita's magical hourglass takes her to the Paris Exposition of 1889, where she meets her great-great-grandmother Gracie, also aged ten, and together with a friend they set out to catch the boy who steals Gracie's locket.
Fifteen-year-old Ophelia, orphaned and emotionally isolated, develops an unlikely friendship with elderly recluse, Portia McKay, which may lead to redemption for both.
The sun, the breeze, the leaves, the bird, the squirrel, and the child all grow tired after a long day and go to sleep.
Discusses the causes, symptoms, and treatment of Lyme disease, as well as ways to protect against it.
When a professional hockey player comes to Greenfield with plans to build an ice skating rink, the Alden children suspect that someone in town wants to stop the project.
While staying at the Crooked House, the family home of their housekeeper Mrs. McGregor, the Aldens try to solve a riddle that will lead them to a hidden treasure.
On a small Florida orange grove in the 1960s, fourteen-year-old Kady Palmer, burdened with caring for her senile grandmother and mentally handicapped neighbor, devises a plan to spend time with her new, rich, handsome boyfriend.
An enormous Humpty Dumpty returns to seek revenge on the nursery rhyme characters who let him fall.
Something strange is going on in the garden and Bug Muldoon, beetle private investigator, tries to figure out how the ants and the wasps are involved.
Ivy and Jessica's play date must be postponed again and again until finally, a week after it was originally planned, they are able to get together. Includes related activities.
When Oscar enters a number of contests he learns to divide both the costs and the rewards with his friends.
Henry wants to make sure that his older sister Harriet never gets more of anything than he does so he carefully keeps score until Harriet gets a cavity and he gets none and Henry discovers that sometimes zero is better than one.
Carrie measures all sorts of things to help her grandmother with her knitting projects and then Carrie decides to knit something special herself.
Anna uses household objects to build a structure to keep her cat's newborn kittens from getting underfoot.
A raging winter storm contrasts with the cozy atmosphere of a young boy's home.
A boy visits the classroom where he will attend kindergarten the following fall and finds out what is in store for him.
In this expanded version of the traditional nursery rhyme, the black sheep has a surprise for the other farm animals.
A poignant and hilarious tour of the last frontier, the ultimate forbidden zone, The vagina monologues is a celebration of female sexuality in all its complexity and mystery. Hailed as the bible for a new generation of women, it has been performed in cities all across America and at hundreds of college campuses, and has inspired a dynamic grassroots movement--V-Day--to stop violence against women. Witty and irreverent, compassionate and wise, Eve Ensler's Obie Award-winning masterpiece gives voice to real women's deepest fantasies and fears, guaranteeing that no one who reads it will ever look at a woman's body, or think of sex, in quite the same way again.
A fictional correspondence between President Abraham Lincoln and a twelve-year-old slave girl that discusses his decision to write the Emancipation Proclamation.
Despite the warnings of her mother and father, Anna persists in trying to climb things, eventually ending up in the top of a tree and refusing to come down.
Biff and Buff are two very small dogs who are happy to travel in Mr. Pockets's pockets, until Biff falls through a hole one day.
After he and his grandfather spend the day doing what Louie wants to do, the young kitten gives Grandpa the best kiss ever.
When Sammy's grandmother goes into the hospital with a bad cough, he makes some special robots to look after her.
After he starts telling lies, eleven-year-old Patrick loses the trust of everyone around him and finds that no one will believe him about a serious accident at school.
Angelina the dancing mouse discovers what a special day a birthday can be.
A collection of stories dealing with different kinds of loss experienced by young people.
After their parents divorce, eleven-year-old Elsie and her younger brother Tommy, who is mentally "different," must deal with a terrible secret that causes them and their mother to move from place to place and stay in hiding.
Although Zana, an eleven-year-old Albanian girl, experiences the turmoil and violence of the 1999 conflict in her native Kosovo, she remembers her father's admonition to not let her heart become filled with hate.
Twelve-year-old Kelley decides to cut off contact with her friends and classmates after suffering third-degree burns to her face and body in a car accident near her home on Maryland's Kent Island.
Eight-year-old Todd needs the help of his pet lizard and the support of his family to overcome his fear of his new bicycle in time for the Bike Derby at school.
A donkey tells the other animals in a manger in Bethlehem about a very special baby who will be born there.
Through her mother's example, a young girl comes to believe in the power of prayer one cold Christmas Day.
Bunny and Jack, animal detectives, investigate the disappearance of the balloons from the neighborhood toy store.
Beto searches all day for something all his own to put on his grandmother's grave for the Day of the Dead.
When a little animal's grandmother dies, he remembers good times with her and asks his mother about death.
As a brother and sister head for the market for birthday party supplies, they sing a song describing the city sights, sounds, and smells they pass along the way.
Sammy Spider participates in the holiday of Tu B'Shevat by spinning a special web for his friend the tree.
Presents a poetic description of the first Christmas night and the birth of the Baby Jesus.
When Moo Moo's friends come over for her birthday party, they celebrate with presents, dancing, juggling, and cake.
From the day she is born, Olive, an exuberant young girl, enjoys life in her own way and even though she is occasionally misunderstood, her parents support her.
Three friends set sail on a flying red ship into the far reaches of space and through their adventures learn the importance of believing in themselves and being happy with who they are.
Involving parents in a child's play therapy results in therapy that is more productive for the child and more fulfilling and effective for the parents and therapist. Yet, encouraging parental involvement can be riddled with practical and theoretical concerns for beginning therapists and seasoned practitioners alike. Linking Parents to Play Therapy is a practical guide containing information for play therapists, including coverage of legal and medical issues, pragmatic assignments for parents, guidelines for working with angry or resistant parents, a listing of state protective and advocacy agencies, and tips for working with managed care. Numerous case examples, professional forms, and a parenting guide facilitate application of the concepts.
When she spills her milk, Sister Bear uses a new word she heard on a video, and a surprised Mama Bear explains to her that some words are not polite to use.
Illustrations and simple rhyming text present all kinds of boats--yachts, toy boats, tugs, ferry boats, and more.
Zenon, who lives on a space station in 2049, is mortified when her father buys her an embarrassing Bobo robotic dog instead of the cool Tobo Dog, but Bobo comes in handy when the Tobo Dogs go crazy and turn on their owners.
When Jack and Annie travel back to the Kansas prairie in search of "something to learn," they gain an understanding of how hard life was for pioneers and they experience the terror of a tornado.
Rudolf Von Flugel takes Huckle, Sally, and Lowly on a tour of the airport.
In her diary, a young girl writes about her life and the events surrounding the beginning of the American Revolution in Philadelphia in 1776.
In 1848, nine-year-old Joshua Martin McCullough writes a journal of his family's journey from Missouri to Oregon in a covered wagon.  Includes a historical note about westward migration.
Teenager Biddy Owens' 1948 journal about working for the Birmingham Black Barons includes the games and the players, racism the team faces from New Orleans to Chicago, and his family's resistance to his becoming a professional baseball player.  Includes a historical note about the evolution of the Negro Leagues.
Lyra and Will find themselves at the center of a battle between the forces of the Authority and those gathered by Lyra's father, Lord Asriel.
The arrival of new baby Isabelle creates much excitement in Babar's family, particularly after she learns to walk and gets lost in the mountains.
While trying to care for a group of abandoned young children, five Australian teenagers continue their struggle for survival and their resistance against the enemy invading their homeland.
Simple rhymes describe the sights, sounds, and smells of Halloween.
An old house describes the way of life of the family that built it many years ago, and that of the one living in it today.
Simple rhymes describe what happens when an alligator comes to play and won't go away.
In this tale from the Dan people of Liberia, Head, Arms, Body, and Legs learn that they do better when they work together.
Blue Bird the bookmobile provides shelter on a snowy Christmas Eve night.
The old woman who lives in a shoe sets out to find a larger home for her many children, and gets mixed up in other nursery rhymes along the way.
In the wake of Dawson City's Great Fire of 1899, sixteen-year-old Jason and his girlfriend Jamie canoe the Yukon River across Alaska in an epic race from Canada's Klondike to the new gold fields at Cape Nome.
Describes in verse a family with a brown-skinned mother, white-skinned father, two children, and their various relatives.
In this illustrated novel told through journal entries, news clippings, and letters, twelve-year-old Lily finds herself on the jury of a murder trial while conducting her own undercover investigation of the case.
Three short stories feature Kevin, who doesn't want a haircut, Ramon, whose friends agree that hair problems can make you scream, and Helen, who is interested in everyone's hair.
The night before school starts, Billy tries to hold onto the fun he and his friends have been having by capturing the last full moon of summer and trying to hide it in his bedroom.
A musical family with talents for playing a variety of instruments enjoys getting together to celebrate.
Having decided that her yellow Labrador is overweight, Cheryl puts him on a diet and makes him exercise, a program which has marvelous results.
When his long-absent father suddenly reappears, nine-year-old Rivers struggles with conflicting feelings and re-examines his relationship with the great-uncle who had served as his father.
Eleven stories about Mendel Rosenbusch, a poor but wise man who lives behind the synagogue in a small Czech town and who is visited one night by the angel Rafael.
Sent to counseling for hitting his girlfriend, Caitlin, and ordered to keep a journal, sixteen-year-old Nick recounts his relationship with Caitlin, examines his controlling behavior and anger, and describes living with his abusive father.
When a chimpanzee arrives in MacOongafoondsen he is put on trial for being a thief and a French spy, resulting in some changes to the tiny town that delight Emmaline Perth, his thirteen-year-old defender.
A clairvoyant thirteen-year-old uses his gifts to time travel in search of clues to the unsolved crimes of Jack the Ripper, but a more personal crime awaits him in the present.
The woeful saga of the Baudelaire orphans continues as evil Count Olaf discovers their whereabouts at Esme Squalor's seventy-one bedroom penthouse and concocts a new plan for stealing their family fortune.
A collection of stories and poems by teenage writers, arranged under the categories "Friends," "Challenges," "Love," "Loss," "Family," "Heroes," "Fitting In," "Memories," and "Creativity."
In the late 1850s, with her mother dead and her brother riding for the Pony Express, Matty often finds that she must face all the dangers of pre-Civil War Kansas alone on the family farm.
Bird cannot find Bunny during a game of hide-and-seek and worries that Bunny has run away.
Mother Nature rouses her squabbling daughters, March, April, and May, so they can awaken the world and welcome spring.
A couple of bumbling parents with a hungry baby seek help from a tricky little witch, but it is a sweet black-eyed yak who really helps them to live happily ever after.
Stanley does not look forward to spending another Chanukah with all his relatives, but when an old man comes out of a tarnished menorah in the attic and grants Stanley three wishes, he changes his mind.
When the Scaredy Cat family's fears keep them from doing things, Baby Scaredy Cat suggests they might be missing good things as well.
In rhyming text, mothers and their babies are described sharing in a variety of activities, from playing at the ocean to reading books and taking a bath.
The malfunction of Sydney's mechanical star at the science fair contest leads her to an unexpected happy ending.
Possum and Alien become friends and find that they have both similarities and differences.
Based on a South African tale, this story tells what happens when a giant who had been banished from a town by a magician thirty years earlier is called back to save the town from flooding.
When Rudie's sitter gets the flu, he uses her recipe to make her a batch of special chicken soup, including the secret recipe of stories from the heart.
In 1862, after Union forces expel Hannah's family from Holly Springs, Mississippi, because they are Jews, Hannah reexamines her views regarding slavery and the war.
When several students at Baker High School are stricken by an alleged curse of the school's ghost, Elijah and Elisha Springfield and their parents, undercover investigators, are sent to uncover the truth behind the events.
In the 1950s Matthew befriends a Negro boy who introduces him to the new music, and together they start a rock-and-roll band.
Bugbear and Bugaboo are creatures who like to play scary tricks on children, until the night they get scared themselves.
Their alien friend Gemini Jack tries to help twins Tod and Tessa but his actions backfire when he turns the evil Gneiss twins super-nice and removes drummer Nigel Throbber's celebrity by spraying him with permanent Fame Ban.
When mischievous nine-year-old Calliope Day talks her rich new friend into bringing Captain Tweakerbeak the parrot to school for a prank, the results are so hilarious Calliope decides to keep the bird for herself.
A witch finds room on her broom for all the animals that ask for a ride, and they repay her kindness by rescuing her from a dragon.
After the death of his grandfather, a boy experiences anger and sadness and prepares a memory box to help him remember all the good things about Grandpa.
Bear wakes up to find his girl Clara missing, so with the help of a lost stuffed rabbit and a cat, he goes looking for her.
Little Fox and his father enjoy spending Saturdays doing things together and one Saturday they discover that they also enjoy porridge.
A cat and a dog are enemies until a crisis brings them together as friends.
A seed falls onto the boundary between two rival tribes of insects and provokes preparations for war, but a simple solution is growing while they prepare.
When Goldie Locks comes down with chicken pox, she is teased by her brother and is unable to visit with Bo Peep, Little Red, and other friends.
Traces the life of Neeluk and his family through one year in the 1800s in the Arctic land that would later become the state of Alaska.
Sent out by his grandmother to find food, Amik consumes a series of animals of ever-increasing size and brings back more than he thinks.
Two curious children, wondering why Spring is late, find Poppy Bear in their garden and he teaches them about the beauty of nature and their role in caring for it as they plant seeds and flowers together.
A young boy makes a paper heart to give to the one he loves the most, and although he sees many people he loves during the day, he still has it when he says his prayers at night.
Andrew McGroundhog's shadow convinces him to hibernate during the winter and only come out when spring weather has arrived.
In 1878, twelve-year-old Ida Kate and her widowed father welcome a mail-order bride and her baby to their Kansas homestead, but Ida Kate soon suspects that the bride is not the woman with whom Papa has corresponded.
Two boys who are best friends visit an illegal freak show, where an encounter with a vampire and a deadly spider forces them to make life-changing choices.
The magic tree house takes Jack and Annie to San Francisco in 1906, in time for them to experience one of the biggest earthquakes the United States had ever known.
When Arthur gets the hiccups, his family and friends try everything they can think of to make them go away.
Instead of cleaning the playroom, Max and Emily visit their friends in Dragon Land and learn that shortcuts are not always the best way to get things done.
When Rosalie can't find her hen Blanca in time for the annual blessing of the animals on the Feast of St. Francis, she finds a way around the problem and receives a surprise besides.
After a day of watching his strongest sandcastles washed away by a sea that refuses to obey him, Jack wishes for a real castle in which he is king, and that night his wishes come true.
"The 19th century was arguably the most important in the nation's history, making the publication of this first-rate encyclopedia a significant event. Students using this 600-entry work, which is conveniently keyed to the National Standards for United States History, will find the entries easy to follow and enjoyable to read. It is an essential purchase for all public and academic libraries."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2002.
When twelve-year-old Paco, his widowed mother, and a greyhound puppy arrive in Miami after leaving Cuba, their new life includes an extended family of Cuban immigrants, learning to speak English, and an unexpected involvement in the world of championship dog racing.
Cookie Monster's visiting nephew prefers to eat a healthy meal before enjoying a plate of freshly baked cookies.
While visiting Dragon Land, Max finds an egg that hatches into a little creature, and then Max and his friend Ord argue about whether it is a dragon or a dinosaur.
When Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose visit a dude ranch in Montana, they find themselves with another mystery to solve, this one involving the theft of money from the ranch's safe and of a large gold nugget that Josh had found.
Jealousy, envy, greed, and rivalry come into a person's life in the forms of various animals and all kinds of bad things happen.
An interactive reading experience where the reader flips the flaps over, or pulls the tabs to reveal how a human baby's behavior is similar to that of animal babies in the wild.
A boy tells how he will change his behavior on the last day of school.
Calls to fires, an injured friend, and cooking disasters threaten to keep a group of fire fighters from enjoying Thanksgiving dinner.
Publisher's description: This classic text argues that crime control, rather than crime itself is the real danger for our future. Since the second edition was published in 1994, prison populations, especially in Russia and America, have grown at an increasingly rapid rate. This third edition is published to take account of these changes and draw attention to the scale of an escalating problem. It contains completely new chapters - one on 'penal geography', the other on 'the Russian case' - and has been extensively revised.
Upset with her parents for arguing on what she hoped would be a perfect day, Amber gets lost at a county fair when she tries to follow her best friend Justin and his family through the crowd.
Junie B. Jones has just turned six and is looking forward to her kindergarten graduation, but when grape juice stains the white gown she could not resist trying on, she is afraid graduation is ruined.
Thirteen-year-old Emily, her blind engineer father, and a boy from their English village sail aboard the magic ship Basset to an island of mythical animals, where they use faith and imagination to try to restore a legendary lighthouse tower.
A little lamb has trouble falling asleep, until his mother tells him to count the butterflies that flutter past his closed eyes.
When Sarah sneaks aboard Old Man Winter's wagon and travels with him through the magic door to the Great Kettles, she must help him stop his power-hungry assistant from taking over the weather-making for his own purposes.
Mr. Edwards helps Laura and her family celebrate a happy Christmas on the prairie.
With the help of a scholar and a young gardener, the wise king of Korea introduces an alphabet that will enable his people to read and write in their own language. Based on Korean legends.
In wartime Brooklyn in 1943, eleven-year-old Howie Crispers mounts a campaign to save his favorite teacher from being fired.
When Marvin refuses to go back to his new school because he is the only one in his class who cannot read, his father decides to help him learn by reading with him.
Stanley begins to wonder if an ape might make a better sibling than his brother Lionel.
When Santa's sleigh crashes at Merryhill Farm, Dumpy the dump truck and his friend Charlie deliver presents around the world.
A twelve-year-old boy, whose problems include having to take "Square" music lessons, an attachment to a childhood teddy bear, and a father who earns a living creating comic strips, gets involved with jewel thieves in an attempt to break the dull routine.
A retelling of the classic story of Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker ballet, featuring an African American grandmother and her family and set in Harlem.
A lonely boy named Radish Rademacher hopes to become a member of his twin sister's detective agency after showing the members an old treasure map he found in a cave.
Annie the apple farmer saves her most beautiful apples to sell fresh at the farmers' market.
With only her long hair as a cloak, Lady Godiva takes her heroic ride through the English village of Coventry in exchange for her husband's promise to lower the people's taxes.
Billy Bixbee's mother won't admit that dragons exist until it is nearly too late.
A freshly baked gingerbread man escapes when he is taken out of the oven and eludes his pursuers until he meets a clever fox.
Rhyming text and close-up photographs provide clues for the identity of larger everyday objects.
When Eliza and her chimpanzee friend, Darwin, meet a lemur on the island of Madagascar, Darwin is sure he's found his long-lost cousin, and they plan to stay together forever.
In the small town of Grmkville, young "not-detective" Erasmus Twiddle solves the Case of the Missing Rubber Chicken, the Case of the Soggy Dumpling, and other mysteries.
Ten-year-old cousins Lily, Rosie, and Tess return to their aunt's house on Cobble Street to help her plan the perfect wedding.
Keegan Flannery, feeling responsible for his twin brother's death and his mother's mental illness, believes he must atone by commiting suicide before his sixteenth birthday, but he gains new insights when he joins his school's wrestling team.
A collection of stories and poems about virtues, conduct of life, heroes, and American history and folklore.
"Nicolas Slonimsky's venerable single-volume reference is now a six-volume set, with better page layout and typeface, and a subject range outside its traditional concentration on classical music. Under new editorship since Slonimsky's death in 1995, coverage has expanded to over 1,000 new entries on classical music and over 2,000 new entries on jazz and popular music. Nice features include reprints of Slonimsky's witty introductions to earlier editions and indexes for genre, nationality, and women composers and musicians."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2002.
"Covering the period from the beginning of the Renaissance to the present, this encyclopedia consists of 209 signed articles and nearly 300 biographical entries. The set is thoroughly indexed, amply illustrated, and a joy to read. Graduate students will find it useful as an introduction to historiography while advanced high school students will enjoy the articles on historical topics."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
When the Animorphs try to stop the tiny alien Helmacrons from taking the morphing cube, Marco gets in the way and ends up with Helmacrons up his nose and inside his head.
Blue introduces all the members of her family, such as Mailbox and Slippery Soap, as they gather to have their picture taken.  Features rebuses.
A parent reassures a young child that there are many reminders of each other while they are apart, and that they will always be together again.
An eccentric school librarian tells offbeat stories involving fantastic animals and encourages teachers and students to relate their own stories as well.
A hungry giant is tricked out of his delightful supper.
In 1754, with her own parents taken captive, twelve-year-old Rebecca must confront her fear and hatred of the Abenaki when a boy raised by members of that tribe is brought to the fort at Charleston, New Hampshire, just before a series of thefts occurs.
In 1904, twelve-year-old Orphelia follows her dream by running away from home to join an all-black minstrel show headed for the Saint Louis World's Fair, and learns about her family's troubled past in the process.
A preschooler and her dog have a pillow fight.
A lively canine sailor enjoy a day aboard his boat--jumping, dancing, and fishing.
Nine-year-old Sam decides to teach his new puppy to behave, but not before Dodger has scared his sister, pulled down some curtains, and stopped a baseball game.
A mouse sets out to overcome a lifelong fear of the forest.
Ricky Rhinoceros is afraid his mother will no longer love him or have time for him once she has a new baby.
Freddy Bear picks on Gus the turtle, until the other animals show him how it feels.
Animal friends help each other out by babysitting six little mice on a wintry day.
When the weather turns cool and crisp, a family visits an apple orchard and savors the crunchy sweetness of freshly picked apples.
Two boys, one German and one American, are eager to join their respective armies during World War II, and their paths cross at the Battle of the Bulge.
When Duffy Kerrigan and her adopted brothers and sisters, who all come from different countries, accompany their widowed father on a trip to write about and photograph the Masai people in Africa, she learns that she can accept people without having to approve of what they do.
Best friends Mole and Shrew need money to buy more of their favorite things, books and seeds, but none of the jobs they try seems quite right for them.
A young boy watches as a mischievous goblin creeps and crawls through the house searching for something to eat.
Chicken thinks Scarecrow's hat will make a nice nest, but first she must swap with Badger, Crow, Sheep, Owl, and Donkey.
Pi-shu, a young panda, and his mother are forced to search for a safer place to live as humans begin to destroy their natural habitat.
Marsupial Sue, a young kangaroo, finds happiness in doing what kangaroos do.
Thirteen-year-old Robert "Qwerty" Stevens uses the time machine he finds in his back yard to visit Thomas Edison's workshop in 1879, and there helps develop the electric light bulb, but then needs his sister's help to return to his own time.
In 1852, recently orphaned, thirteen-year-old Mateo becomes an "arreiro," or mule driver, bringing supplies to California gold miners and searching for the notorious bandit who stole his horse, but when he learns that Yankee squatters are threatening to take the ranch he grew up on, Mateo heads for home.
Near the close of the Revolutionary War in 1782, fourteen-year-old Anne Mott of Westchester County, New York, calls on her Quaker beliefs to protect her family and property from British raiders when a long-time friend puts them at risk.
After giving wings to eagles, owls, nightingales, pigeons, ladybugs, and all sorts of creatures, a small boy is given an appropriate reward.
Little Dinosaur enjoys playing with blocks, wearing new clothes, learning the alphabet, and being kind to ants.
Introduces the numbers one through ten as vegetables and numbers dance together at the king's and queen's garden party before jumping into the soup to be eaten by a crowned boy and girl.
A little elephant tries out different spots around the house, until he finds the perfect place to play--near his mother.
Dr. Clock invents a time machine, but his trip back to the era of the dinosaurs does not turn out as he had expected.
Thirty rhymes record the various activities of Father Fox, his family, and friends.
When she begins receiving bizarre threatening messages from someone who seems to know her every move, teenage Ashley, after seeking help from the neighborhood tough guy, comes to realize that she alone can end the stalker's reign of terror.
Learning from her grandmother that her family was active in the Quit India movement of 1942, a rebellion against nearly two centuries of British occupation, gives fifteen-year-old Tara new pride in her heritage, but she still objects when her teacher implies she is not a "regular Canadian."
Thirteen-year-old Donnie is so upset over her parents' divorce that she gets into increasingly serious trouble at school and does not recognize how much her older sister is hurting as well.
Rhyming text and illustrations celebrate the pleasures of fall, from turning leaves and apple picking to pumpkins and Halloween.
Laura leaves her strict parents' Georgia plantation to spend the summer with her Quaker aunt and uncle, discovers their home is a stop on the Underground Railroad, and hatches a dangerous plan to accompany a pregnant slave to her husband and freedom.
A collection of short stories and poems written by and about young women in sports.
Seaman, Meriwether Lewis's Newfoundland dog, describes Lewis and Clark's expedition, which he accompanied from St. Louis to the Pacific Ocean.
Alfred, a pug, is made to feel inferior by a cat, a parrot, and the other neighborhood dogs, until a new dog moves in next door and helps Alfred to realize he is fine just the way he is.
A small cat reminisces about events that took place around the manger where it was sleeping on the night the baby Jesus was born.
The stories of three peddlers are told to Donal O'Donnell and his wife one stormy night and begin to heal their hearts, broken by the death of their son.
Snowed in after sharing Christmas with Grandma, a houseful of relatives settles in for the night.
A young girl thinks that Wayne is a pest, until she gets to know him better.
Illustrations and simple text describe the events of a baseball game.
Alex learns a lesson about telling the truth when he thinks he has lost the money his mother gave him to buy milk.
Messy Bessey learns a lesson about sharing when she cleans out her closet.
When the Corner Kids decide to clean up a dump to make it a playground, Alex's bossy ways hamper their progress.
A child and a dog fight for space on the same chair.
William does not join the other children in playing games on the playground because he is waiting for his turn to ring the bell at the end of recess.
Asks such outrageous questions as "Have you ever tried making an elephant laugh?" "Have you waltzed with a penguin?" and "Have you sung a duet with a curly-haired moose?"
When Mom and Dad are too busy to talk and to listen, a boy and his grandmother enjoy conversations and spending time together.
When Glenna gives away a packet of flower seeds, it sets off a chain of kind events among her neighbors.
It is a very busy day at Wood Green Animal Shelter, where the workers take care of a variety of animals that need their help.
Piggy and Dad have fun with drawings, the bathtub, sandwiches, and bedtime.
A young girl expresses her feelings about herself and the world around her through dance.
In this story based on the life of drummer David "Panama" Francis, a little boy named David dreams of getting his own drum and marching in the Sunday parade.
An illustrated version of the Christmas carol about the procession to Bethlehem and a poor boy's offer to play his drum for the Christ Child.
A group of mice have some problems when they put on a play to commemorate the first Thanksgiving, but everything works out all right in the end.
Brenna is able to deal with the death of her parents and her crushing load of grief when she is directed to the word of God by her uncle, who is a preacher.
When her beloved baby sister dies suddenly, nine-year-old Anna keeps a journal of her feelings and makes a scrapbook of photographs and other reminders.  Includes blank pages for making one's own scrapbook.
Because of his ugly and awkward appearance, a duckling is ostracized by other animals.
In Depression-era Philadelphia, when eleven-year-old David is too ill to attend school, he is tutored by the unique and adventurous Aunt Annie, whose teaching combines with his imagination to greatly enrich his life.
Gabby discovers that cheating at tee-ball is not the best way to win.
The Corner Kids all have different ideas about how to use a big box, but then they find that working together is the best idea of all.
Three J has the opportunity to cheat in a contest to win a new bike and must decide what to do.
Gabby takes a pretty sparkle thing from the market without paying for it and must face the consequences.
A fictional account of the 1839 revolt of Africans, led by Cinque, against their Spanish captors aboard the slave ship Amistad, and their subsequent arrival in the United States, where they were tried for piracy.
Although he fears being in the water, sixteen-year-old Dain is determined to be a professional lobsterman, despite pressure from his older brother and widowed mother that he attend college instead, and despite the fact that someone is sabotaging his lobster traps.
When Mother fires the housekeeper life becomes difficult for the entire Vo family, Vietnamese immigrants to France in 1964, but eight-year-old Vero and her twelve-year-old brother, Philippe, work together to try to convince Mother to rehire her.
Anxious to fit in at his new school and make friends, fifth grader Brendan tries to avoid his embarrassing mother who loves to make a spectacle of herself.
Unsure about her upcoming marriage and eager to see what lies beyond the walls of Prague's Jewish quarter in 1778, fifteen-year-old Rivka Lieberman takes great risks to venture outside, where her many new experiences include friendship with a Christian boy.
Although Cackle Cook's pet monster hates gathering the ingredients, from ape hair to zombie clump, for her world-famous monster stew, he loves to eat it.
Sidney says that swimming is dumb to disguise the fact that he is afraid, but with the help of his friends and an understanding instructor, he learns that swimming can be fun.
Orphaned by the death of their parents and bereft by the sudden death of their older brother Tom, nine-year-old Frances and three-year-old Harry are comforted by Tom's ghost, who helps them in difficult situations at home with their aunt and uncle and at school.
Under the Paris Opera House lives a disfigured musical genius who uses music to win the love of a beautiful opera singer. The characters are portrayed as cats.
An exquisitely beautiful young man in Victorian England retains his youthful and innocent appearance over the years while his portrait reflects both his age and evil soul as he pursues a life of decadence and corruption. Illustrated sidebar notes provide historical background to the text.
Introduces the life cycle of a dragonfly, showing how it changes from an egg to an adult dragonfly.
On a visit to Cincinnati from rural Kentucky during the Great Depression, Aunt Millie impresses Kit with her money-saving cleverness. Includes information on life in America during the Great Depression.
Fourteen-year-old Harry Potter joins the Weasleys at the Quidditch World Cup, then enters his fourth year at Hogwarts Academy where he is mysteriously entered in an unusual contest that challenges his wizarding skills, friendships and character, amid signs that an old enemy is growing stronger.
In medieval England, fourteen-year-old Terence finds his tranquil existence suddenly changed when he becomes the squire of the young Gawain of Orkney and accompanies him on a long quest, proving Gawain's worth as a knight and revealing an important secret about his own true identity.
A rhyming celebration of ancestry and of the diversity that flourishes in this country.
With her adventurous sister Meryl suffering from the grey death, meek and timid Princess Addie sets out to find a cure.
The sights, sounds, and smells of a busy Chinese take-out restaurant are seen through the eyes of the owner's young son.
Long ago in Germany, an old woman cleans her house and decorates her Christmas tree, hoping that this year she will witness some special Christmas Eve magic.
This book's "not too scary" ghost host tells five spooky stories.
Three-year-old Elisa's new rag doll goes along on the adventures she and her seven-year-old brother Russell have with friends and family in their apartment building and outside.
Fourteen-year-old Georgia continues her diary in which she records her misadventures trying to reclaim the attention of seventeen-year-old Robbie, while coping with her friends, family, and dog-like cat Angus at the same time.
Five-year-old Russell goes to nursery school and has various adventures which show he is growing up, but sometimes he wishes he could still stay home like his baby sister.
Six-year-old Nora and her four-year-old brother have fun with each other and with the neighbors in their apartment building.
Amelia Bedelia misunderstands what her employer wants her to do, and ends up campaigning for the office of mayor.
In this version of the traditional tale of the young boy who climbs a beanstalk, Jack searches for his father, falls in love with Flora, and learns the value of real treasure.
Lame and suddenly orphaned, Kira is mysteriously removed from her squalid village to live in the palatial Council Edifice, where she is expected to use her gifts as a weaver to do the bidding of the all-powerful Guardians.
After his experiences surviving alone in the Canadian wilderness several years earlier, sixteen-year-old Brian finds that he can't seem to fit into "civilization" but must return to the place where he feels he really belongs.
Lynet, a feisty young woman, journeys to King Arthur's court in order to find a champion to rescue her beautiful older sister, and she is joined in her quest by a clever dwarf and a bold kitchen knave, neither of whom are what they seem.
After several years at King Arthur's court, Terence, as Sir Gawain's squire and friend, accompanies him on a perilous quest that tests all their skills and whose successful completion could mean certain death for Gawain.
A little boy decides to skip his very first day of school, because on the first day one doesn't know anything, but on the second, one knows everything.
Tee is happy to find that the ancient Egyptian box she inherits holds a spirit who will serve her, until she notices changes in her servant's appearance and behavior.
A compilation of folktales from twenty different cultures, each of which contains elements suited to storytelling for young children.
A child experiences the colors and textures of fall. Includes nature activities to do during that season.
An old man and his pet flea have wonderful times together until the townspeople think he is talking to himself.
The Kerrigan family travels to England with their photojournalist father, and the siblings make a new friend.
Gordie loves his third grade teacher, but sharing a locker with a girl instead of his best friend and trouble with a school bully may ruin his best year ever.
When Megan must collect twenty-five insects for a school project, her little brother's interference and a classmate's teasing make the task difficult, and reveal that she does not know either of them as well as she thought.
Describes, in rhyming text and illustrations, a mother's love for her child no matter how he feels or what he does.
Coco the koala and her friend Wally, a kangaroo, find music everywhere they look, even in a thunderstorm.
Coco the koala leaves her mother and has trouble finding her again, but she gets help from a friendly kangaroo.
A little koala meets all sorts of animals, each with a special ability, and she feels sad until her mother tells her what koalas do best.
When thunder makes a young boy and his dog afraid, they decide to make as much noise as the storm.
During the hard times of 1932, a poor shoe shine man gives a child his cap, gloves, and an angel made from a spool, then receives a wonderful gift in return.
In this adaptation of "The Princess and the Pea," the prince is ready for marriage but the Queen is more concerned with her jewelry collection.
Retells six classic fairy tales with their traditional settings, but modern language, more focus on minor characters, and heroes and heroines who are proactive and empowered.
Moving through the alphabet, a girl ponders the many different kinds of horses she will have when she gets older, from Appaloosa to zebra.
A series of poems tells how two sisters help each other deal with life while their mother is working and their father has been sent to jail.
Despite the trouble he has at first working on art projects at school, Fred develops into the class artist.
Little Mouse, Biddle mouse has the run of the house.
Roberto makes wonderful mud pies in his sandbox but declines to share his secret recipe.
A boy and his family enjoy the sights of New York City, from cement sidewalks and ice skaters in the park to sparkling lights and dancing on a stage.
When Hallie and her mother move to a new town after her father's sudden death, Hallie begins to spy on a troubled family living in a nearby building and her involvement helps her begin to handle her feelings of anger and grief.
Eleven-year-old Les and a group of new friends form a Sugar Creek Gang like the one in their favorite books and, with God's help, try to discover who is illegally trapping possums in the county park.
Eleven-year-old Les and his friends in the New Sugar Creek Gang become involved in a case of arson.
Updates Aesop's fable as Bernelly, a fly-fishing instructor, is introduced to the excitement of city life by her cousin, Harriet, who then accompanies Bernelly to the peaceful countryside in search of artistic inspiration.
Unable to accept the death of her policeman father, sophomore Juli Scott and her new friend Shannon are plunged into terrible danger as they follow a path of amazing clues.
During the Kerrigan family's trip to Hong Kong, Duffy and her adopted siblings befriend and share their Christian faith with two orphaned children who have come to live with their Chinese grandparents.
Eighth grader Jack is confused when he finds his relationship changing with his best friend, an athletic girl named Chris who has suddenly become attractive.
Ten-year-old Zack gets a chance to meet the old horror film star Count Bugosi, who may or may not be a real vampire.
As they live together, the relationship between a softshell turtle and a feisty little fish changes.
A young Chinese boy helps his father count the warlord's vast treasures by using beads threaded on a branch. Includes a brief history of the abacus and instructions for making one.
The 1653-1654 diary of a fourteen-year-old Pocasset Indian girl, destined to become a leader of her tribe, describes how her life changes with the seasons, after a ritual fast she undertakes, and with her tribe's interaction with the English "Coat-men" of the nearby Plymouth Colony.
Rebekah, a fifteen-year-old Jewish immigrant arriving in New York City in 1902, almost abandons her dream of getting an education when she is forced to work in a sweatshop.
Mischievous Hairy Maclary finds that he is not in the mood for the Kennel Club's obedience class.
In 1902 sixteen-year-old Kristin travels with her family from Sweden to a new life in Minnesota, where she finds herself frustrated by the restrictions placed on what girls of her age are expected or allowed to do.
Four brief adventures of Rosa as she imitates animals, goes to the beach, makes a sandwich, and has a birthday cake.
In 1962 in South Carolina, twelve-year-old Esta is called into the ministry of Jesus and anointed with the gift of healing, but when her relatives decide to take her on a religious crusade she wonders if it is the right thing to do.
After her parents treat Tilly to a treasure hunt, they all play hide-and-seek.
When the small town store where they usually buy their clothes changes hands, the Kettles are in for a surprise on their annual shopping trip.
Albert and his grandma have a special long-distance relationship, but when she comes to visit, it takes him a little while to overcome his shyness.
Daniel liked preschool just fine, but he is not so sure he wants to go to kindergarten.
In two related adventures, Travis Fox and Ross Murdock are stranded on two separate planets where they discover that the fate of those worlds, and possibly the galaxy itself, will be determined by their actions.
With the help of her loyal subject, Sir Daddy, a young girl pretends to be a princess as she gets ready for bed.
After Beaver is hurt when his home collapses, his friends Bear and Hedgehog work hard to build him a new one.
After her beloved Gran dies, fifteen-year-old Liv goes to California to live with the father she has never known and must adjust to his gruff ways and his life as an abalone diver, so different from her life in New York City.
The four Kerrigan children, Duffy and her adopted siblings, who all come from different countries, accompany their father on a business trip to Australia, and encounter unexpected challenges in the Outback.
Anne, an eleven-year-old orphan, is sent by mistake to live with a lonely, middle-aged brother and sister on a Prince Edward Island farm and proceeds to make an indelible impression on everyone around her.
In the summer before seventh grade, twelve-year-old Iris Diaz-Pinkowitz goes up and down the fire escape outside her new New York City apartment, becoming an integral part of the lives of her human and animal neighbors.
As Payton leaves high school and goes on to college, she and her friends learn to deal with racism and other difficult issues.
In 1902 fifteen-year-old Rose travels from Ireland to join family members in Chicago, where she must use all her resources to deal with her father's drinking and her brothers' dangerous involvement in politics.
Nikolai asks his animal friends to help him answer three important questions: "When is the best time to do things?" "Who is the most important?" and "What is the right thing to do?"
After twelve-year-old Natalie writes a wonderful novel, her friend Zoe helps her devise a scheme to get it accepted at the publishing house where Natalie's mother works as an editor.
While fishing with his friends off Honolulu on December 7, 1941, teenaged Adam is caught in the midst of the Japanese attack and through the chaos of the subsequent days tries to find his father, a naval officer who was serving on the U.S.S. Arizona when the bombs fell.
David Innes and friends discover an inner world populated by strange creatures.
Explore the everyday live of the mountain lion, cheetah, jaguar, tiger and their ancestors.
Simple rhyming text and illustrations guide the reader to see triangles, rectangles, and circles in everyday things.
Two naughty babies, a zebra and a hippo, get in trouble when they persist in playing instead of going to sleep.
Sixth grader Laurel finds herself increasingly preoccupied with her younger sister's strange behavior, the unusual boy who has appeared in her neighborhood and class at school, and the disappearance of the wonderful climbing tree that may have been cut down by his family.
A Hollywood actress, who had been competing with Sammy's mother for an important role, is murdered, but thirteen-year-old Sammy and her friend Marissa are on the case.
Ten sheep who don't want to go to sleep have fun counting down to bedtime.
Having slept past Easter, the Easter bunny tries to distribute his eggs on Mother's Day, the Fourth of July, and Halloween, but no one is interested until finally Santa Claus is able to get him back on track.
A dog follows the bus to school, where he meets the teacher and takes part in the activities of the class.
Norbert and his friends in the detective club set out to explain the strange appearance and behavior of their attractive biology teacher.
Five-year-old Robin creates chaos all over the house, until he is allowed to design his own room.
Confusion arises as Yoko's classmates secretly trade Valentine's Day cards.
When Yoko and her classmates become sick, Mrs. Jenkins comes up with a great idea to identify who might be responsible for spreading germs.
Presents the familiar rhyme about a pesky goat that gets in trouble for eating shirts off the clothesline.
An olive tree, an oak tree, and a pine tree dream of great things, and their dreams are fulfilled when each fills an important role in the life of Jesus.
On a hot, dusty day as Zeb is walking home from the general store, he wishes for a horse, but soon his one horse grows into a snorting, stamping herd.
Cowgirl Jules and her clever horse Gertie save the townsfolk when Mean Bulldog Pike and his greedy horse Bullet escape from jail and steal the water supply.
Inspired after meeting John F. Kennedy at a 1960 campaign fundraiser hosted by the Aldrich family, Chuck defies authority at his Pennsylvania boarding school, Sojie takes part in lunch counter sit-ins in Georgia, and Dick finally connects with his father in Hollywood.
A young boy and his dog join St. Francis on a tour of the city of San Francisco.
Freddy the pig and some barnyard friends take off for Mars in Mr. Bean's space ship, but things go awry when Mrs. Peppercorn fiddles with the controls and they wind up in a stranger place than they ever imagined.
Freddy the pig and his barnyard friends run the very successful Barnyard Tours, Inc., but on a trip to the North Pole some sailors cause trouble for them and Santa, who, when the animals drive off the bad men, offers a sleigh ride home.
In eighteenth-century Japan, fourteen-year-old Seikei, a merchant's son in training to be a samurai, helps his patron investigate a series of murders and arson in the capital city of Edo, each of which is associated in some way with a popular geisha.
Sarah Morgan is a spirited twenty-year-old, loyal to the Confederacy, when Union forces arrive in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in 1862, forcing her and her family on a perilous journey to New Orleans.  Includes excerpts from the actual diary on which the story is based.
Cool cats entertain the crowds with their music in the French Quarter of New Orleans.
In late nineteenth-century California, when Chinese immigrants are being driven out or even killed for fear they will take jobs from whites,  fifteen-year-old Eliza Jane McCully defies the townspeople and her lighthouse-keeper father to help a Chinese boy who has been kind to her.
Three eighth-grade friends, preparing for the  International Double Dutch Championship jump rope competition in their home town of Cincinnati, Ohio, cope with Randy's missing father, Delia's inability to read, and Yo Yo's encounter with the class bullies.
When an ancient evil threatens to devastate Rin, overcoming its people with a fatal sleeping sickness, young Rowan, with help from a tribe called the Travelers, must decipher a rhyming riddle in order to save the land and its inhabitants.
Sam describes in loving detail his car and how he drives it.
As other animals walk, gallop or trot by, a hungry crocodile lies quietly in the sand, listening for a very special sound from her nesting place.  Includes factual information about Nile crocodiles.
Reluctant to show up for the first day of school, Davy builds his own school on wheels and creates excitement for the other students.
A young girl describes the special pancake tradition that she and her grandmother share. Includes recipe.
When Ma dies, a brother and sister leave the family's northern Virginia farm to search for their father who has joined the Confederate forces at Manassas battlefield.
When Luzolo goes to market with her parents, she learns that it takes a great deal of bartering to finally get what she wants.
In 1915, after being asked to sing at the funeral of executed songwriter and member of the international union, Industrial Workers of the World, Joe Hill, eighteen-year-old Utah coal miner Tommy Quinlan begins to accept his past and make decisions about his future.
Describes the physical characteristics, habitat, history of migration and survival, mating, and social habits of the bighorn sheep.
A collection of stories about such creatures as mermaids and centaurs, who are part-human and part-animal or part-plant, and their struggles to understand their true identity.
Rhyming verses describe things that are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, brown, black, gray, white, and pink.
When Yoko moves from Japan to California, she decides to make and send origami swans to her grandmother for her birthday.
Sick of the horrors of conquering beings on other planets, Ahvrem will end his service as a soldier and save his sister from an unhappy marriage if he can discover who is behind a rumored plot to assassinate the Emperor.
When Stuart Little and his brother George go to the amusement park, George keeps suggesting rides and games that are too big for Stuart, but the hall of mirrors helps put things into perspective.
A homeless little dog finds supper at one house, a comfortable couch at a second, and breakfast at a third.
A young girl shares a night of adventures with her cousin in a little shop full of dreams.
Bethany, Nam and Tillie, sixteen-year-old witches, investigate two murder cases with help from friends and the Black Madonna conjured up by Bethany, even as they try to protect Nam from an abusive boyfriend and a deranged classmate.
A lullaby celebrating the fragility of the environment, the innocence of childhood, and the sense that we all are connected and part of the world's family.
Following his religious principles as a Brethren, Nathan's father goes into hiding in order not to fight with the Confederate Army but he risks being found when he saves the life of a Union soldier.
An only child imagines she has a pink poodle named Pea Wee to keep her company, and discovers that imagination can make wonderful things happen.
The Benson boys return to Buckman for spring vacation and concoct a prank involving a non-existent ghost, continuing the practical joke war between the Hatford boys and the Malloy girls.
The reader is asked to guess what a creature is from a description of the appearance and use of the its tail.
Explains all the things that Elephant should know about how to behave when attending a birthday or other kind of party.
After a visit to a Chinese restaurant, Carlos decides to dig a hole to China so he can have egg rolls and chow mein instead of rice and beans and tortillas.
After journeying around the world in search of the magical city of his dreams, Lemuel discovers there is no place like home.
When twelve-year-old Mary spends a summer working on her sister's farm in an Amish community, she learns that there is more than one kind of housekeeping.
When her Grandma Forever comes to live in her attic, Maria must discover how to deal with her difficult behavior and talk of God.
A boy follows three wise men on their visit to see the newborn Christ child and presents him with a special tree as a gift.
The friendly ghost of the Black Castle follows Babar the elephant, along with his family and friends, back to Celesteville to spend some time with them.
THe children of Babar the elephant want to keep the Wully-Wully they find as a pet, but a rhinoceros steals him.
Tells the story of King Solomon and the origins of Tu B'Shevat, a holiday that is celebrated by the planting of trees.
Deciding that he must sire a child to carry on his tradition of Loathing Light and Blighting the Beautiful, the Great Wizard Arriman announces a competition among the witches of Todcaster, one of whom will marry him.
Odge Gribble, a young hag, joins an old wizard, a gentle fey, and a giant ogre on a journey from their magical island kingdom to London through a tunnel which opens every nine years for nine days, to try and rescue the young prince who had been stolen as an infant nine years before.
In 1955, thirteen-year-old Lyric finds her whole life changing when her family moves from the hills of Virginia to a town in Michigan and her older sister Summer begins descending into mental illness.
The author presents six alternative versions of the familiar story of a boastful miller and the daughter he claims can spin straw into gold.
Hoping to stop his parents' impending separation and keep them from getting a divorce, eleven-year-old Charlie runs away from their house in the California countryside and finds a ride to the coast.
In a time of dire need, eleven-year-old Nuria tries to outwit the magical wishing well in her mysterious mountain village.
When Rebecca, a seventh-grader, is paired up with her friend Scott for a dance class at school, she learns a lot about who her real friends are.
In 1848, in a bid for freedom, a fifteen-year-old slave girl secretly boards the Pearl, docked on the Potomac River at Washington, D.C.
Hannah, a healer with unusual powers, leaves the wizard she has always served and, along with her animal companions, begins a journey which uncovers the truth about her real nature.
Disliking her name as written in English, Korean-born Yoon, or "shining wisdom," refers to herself as "cat," "bird," and "cupcake," as a way to feel more comfortable in her new school and new country.
Having found a tiny baby in a peanut shell, Larky Mavis calls him Heart's Delight and carries him around as he grows bigger, to the confusion and anger of the adults around her.
During his summer in Maine, twelve-year-old Homer, together with his new friend Roger, is determined to find the truth about himself, his long-dead father, and a mysterious costumed man.
Mr. Barnes goes on a train trip and enjoys all the sights and sounds of the ride.
A young girl is able to go anywhere her imagination can take her when she reads with her grandmother in their Storybook Chair.
Two families respectfully explore the seashore and its animals by leaving only their footprints.
High school baseball star Coley Burke tries to deal with an ankle injury, back spasms, a pregnant girlfriend, academic failure, pressure from his father, and the legacy of his dead older brother.
In 531 A.D., a fifteen-year-old princess of the Hsien tribe in southern China keeps a diary which describes her role as liaison between her own people and the local Chinese colonists, in times of both peace and war.
When a treasured teddy bear becomes so worn that it is mistaken for a monkey, a little girl and her mother decide to restore Bear to "his good old self."
Toots is once again transported to the Upside Down World, where the fairy inhabitants are desperately trying to defeat the evil Waspgnat before it destroys the garden that Toots and the fairies share.
While visiting their grandparents' farm, Joe, Polly, and Sam are called by the magic of fire to go to Mount Olympus to repay a debt to Prometheus.
When Chris's mother remarries and they move out to the country, he feels out of place among the cattle ranchers until he meets an unusual girl who introduces him to Mr. Bridges and his animal rescue ranch.
Two refined lady friends have a very unrefined disagreement.
Twelve-year-old Arby's faith in God is tested when his Christian school burns down, he undergoes home schooling, and his grandmother falls in love with the one-armed man next door.
After Little Bear gets treatment for his injured back, he hopes he can join his skateboarding team for the County Fair competition.
Illustrations and simple text describe the full day of a dairy cow.
Adjusting to middle school becomes easier for twelve-year-old Maggie when she finds that her biology teacher, who is blind, can learn a few things from her about working with his guide dog.
Seeing Jane's dog, Yum-Yum, help cheer up children in a cancer ward makes Zoe think about having her puppy, Sneakers, trained to do therapy, too, especially when Yum-Yum becomes very ill.
When a hurricane hits her town, Sunita must face her fears in order to help a stranded cat.
Thirteen-year-old Shayla is upset when her estranged father's new baby is born on her birthday, but she learns that her problems are nothing compared to those faced by her friends Kambia and Lemm.
An overweight, timid fifteen-year-old boy and his popular fourteen-year-old sister begin to overcome their guilt over their father's death and reconnect with each other and their emotionally-distant mother when they accompany her on a two-week speaking tour.
Ebon's father, who is in a coma, appears to the family as a wandering spirit, and Ebon must reunite the spirit and the body before it is too late.
After being expelled from a fancy boarding school, Cyd Charisse's problems with her mother escalate after Cyd  falls in love with a sensitive surfer and is subsequently sent from San Francisco to New York City to spend time with her biological father.
Illustrations and brief text describe all the things that daddies do for their children, most importantly giving them lots of love.
A young boy with a knack for creating unusual inventions when he should be helping his mother on the farm finds a use for them when he is made sheriff of a town in Kansas and must get rid of a gang of no-good bullies.
After spending summer vacation learning to be a real pirate at Camp Buccaneer, Marlon feels much better prepared to return to school and face Carla, the bully who has pestered her since kindergarten.
On the anniversary of his sister's murder, Leo, tormented by his mother's insane accusations and his own waking nightmares, kidnaps a wealthy girl intending to kill her, but instead their long night together helps them both face their futures.
Two good friends, Possum and Alien, spend time together celebrating their birthdays, discovering their uniqueness, and hanging out together in a tree.
When his puppy Mudge gets dirty, Henry has some trouble giving him a bath.
When Henry has a snack, his puppy Mudge wants one too.
Four budding artists, a tap dancer, a poet, a singer, and an acrobat, who just happen to be pigs, live out their dreams and avoid becoming bacon.
A retelling of the story of two sisters who do not obey their father and are carried off into the mountains by El Cucuy.
A family of nice ghosts protects a British orphan from the diabolical plans of his evil guardians.
Owls are supposed to be night birds, but young Plop is afraid of the dark, despite how much other people and animals tell him they enjoy it.
A collection of eighty-three fairy tales and folk tales from Wales, including The Lady of the Lake, The Fairy Harp, Pennard Castle, and The Stray Cow.
Presents a variety of animals and the places where they might sleep, from a bear snoozing in the arms of a tree to a boy in bed.
Explores the world of the theropod group of dinosaurs, which includes Allosaurus, Ceratosaurus, Herrerasaurus, and T. rex.
Explores the world of the sauropodomorph group of dinosaurs, which includes Plateosaurus, Apatosaurus, Diplodocus, and Brachiosaurus.
Explores the world of the ornithopod and marginocephalian groups of dinosaurs, the latter of which includes ceratopsians and pachycephalosaurs.
Anthony spends his birthday making a family tree which shows all the members of his extended family.
Everyone in the family and all of their guests find ways of helping to get ready for a backyard barbecue.
A father and son enjoy spending a day at the park with their dog, where they can run, play, and see many interesting sights.
Thinking about his first day of school gives Alex butterflies, but his parents, teacher and friends all make it easier.
A two-year-old penguin named Flop is sad when his five-year-old brother, Flip, would rather play with a friend his own age.
Needing to earn money after his father's death during the influenza epidemic of 1918, thirteen-year-old Joshua works as a newspaper boy in Boston, one day finding himself in the vicinity of an explosion that sends tons of molasses coursing through the streets.
Two sisters, ages eleven and thirteen, describe what it was like for them when their mother was diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent surgery and chemotherapy.
Sixteen-year-old Jerry, leaving his rural home for the first time, goes to a Christian boarding school, where he makes friends with students from various parts of his country, Liberia.
Sophie describes her relationships with a series of boys as she searches for Mr. Right.
While attending a summer institute, fifteen-year-old Nic meets another girl named Battle, falls in love with her, and finds the relationship to be difficult and confusing.
Destiny leads Rowan of Rin to make choices which could save a powerful crystal, thereby ensuring the safety of his people and his people's shore-dwelling allies.
After a flying lizard carries off his little sister, Rowan of Rin and three companions are guided by a rhyming riddle on a journey to the land of their old enemy, the Zebak, in order to rescue her.
A young boy and his grandmother share all sorts of adventures on her farm with her cat Boots and her cow Georgie Lee.
Hindered by a fight with her friend Dub and a series of mysterious fires, eleven-year-old Allie investigates the fire seventeen years earlier which claimed the lives of the husband and infant son of a school cafeteria worker, as well as the handsome young man whose ghost asks Allie for help.
In 1961, newly arrived at the United States Army base near the World War I battlefields at Verdun, France, twelve-year-old Terrence "O.B." O'Brien is torn between the popular boys on the baseball team and a French boy they tease for being different.
During their family's vacation at the beach, Chris and his sister help solve a mystery involving an abandoned lighthouse, and learn the importance of trusting their parents.
During a thunderstorm, the farm animals are frightened out of the barn by a monster, and only cow friends Minnie and Moo are brave enough to investigate.
While looking for his lost lamb, an orphaned shepherd boy meets Mary, Joseph, and newborn baby Jesus in a manger.
Peter disobeys his mother by going into Mr. McGregor's garden and almost gets caught.
Fifteen-year-old Paul Shackleford experiences an eye-opening and transformative summer living and working on the central Virginia farm belonging to a distant relative, where everyone seems to be haunted by the death of a much-loved and admired farmhand the year before.
A crack in the track brings Thomas the Tank Engine and the entire Island of Sodor Railway to a screeching halt in this rhyming adventure.
After James tells a scary story, Thomas the tank engine imagines there is a horrible, engine-eating monster coming after him.
A year after her mother's death in a fire, fifteen-year-old Wakara still struggles with grief, while she and her family, who claim some Yani Indian ancestry, try to continue with life at their remote mountain lodge in the Oregon wilderness.
After the death of her mother, fifteen-year-old Wakara and her family, who claim some Yani Indian ancestry, continue life on their Oregon ranch and face serious challenges when a sudden blizzard hits.
The author describes his boyhood summers spent at his grandmother's apartment in Spanish Harlem where she introduced him to the sounds and steps of the merengue and the conga and told him stories of Puerto Rico.
Binky refuses to join his teammates in pre-game warm-ups, until he injures himself while running the bases in a game.
As a father tells his daughter what a seed needs to flourish, he also explains the reasons he emigrated to a new homeland.
In Scotland in 1791, eight-year-old Martha Morse, who would grow up to become the great-grandmother of author Laura Ingalls Wilder, meets her new governess and learns the difference between growing up a laird's daughter and a child of a cottager.
Under a new government program based on the saying "It takes a village to raise a child," the Baudelaire orphans are adopted by an entire town, with disastrous results.
When a principal loves his school so much that he wants the children to attend classes every day of the year, it is up to his students to show him free time is a good thing, too.
Afraid to swim across the river because of the hippopotamus there, a turtle takes inspiration from other animals in trying other ways to get across. Features rebuses.
Third-grader Phoebe is so happy to have a "best friend," but at the same time she is having more trouble concentrating on her school work.
McKinley, a malamute, is torn between the domestic world of his human family and the wild world of Lupin, a wolf that is trying to recruit dogs to replenish the dwindling wolf pack.
Junior detective Rafi looks for clues when the Torah at his religious school disappears.
Sam suspects the culprit who is gassing assembly line workers in the parachute factory lives in the hotel his family manages.
A child chooses a puppy, finds out how to take care of her, and enjoys her company.
Chuy works hard at the muffler shop to earn enough money to join his father in America, where together they create an army of "muffler men," statues made from old muffler parts, that they scatter around the city.
Miranda finds it difficult to rehearse for the dance recital after she learns that her mother's poliomyelitis kept her from dancing when she was a child.
When Tio Manuel brings home a very special pinata for Gabriel's birthday party, his sister Magda figures out an ingenious way to preserve it and still make the party guests happy.
Four preteen outcasts, two of them handicapped, learn lessons in courage and perseverance when they join forces to build a boat.
Traces the story of the MacIvey family of Florida from 1858 to 1968.
Harry and his sister Emily are very much involved in the family's preparations for Halloween.
After an archaeological dig at Glastonbury Tor in England uncovers the Holy Grail, Felicity and her mother, a professor of Arthurian literature, find that their destinies are linked across time with the Grail and the legendary King Arthur.
Catty, a girl with the power to travel back in time, inherits a secret scroll that will help her defeat the evil Atrox.
Fifteen-year-old Bowman uses his newly-discovered powers to join with his twin sister Kestrel in an attempt to liberate their people from the "beautiful but cruel" civilization which has enslaved them.
Winnie is worried when her best friends Zoe and Vanessa enroll her in ballet classes with them, since she would rather go to the library and read like they always do.
Rabbits from one to ten get ready to help clean up.
Tells how the infant Prince Hakon is rescued by men fiercely loyal to his dead father, who ski across the rugged mountains in blizzard conditions to save him from his enemies, the Baglers.
When her father kills himself after losing his money in the stock market crash of 1929, twelve-year-old Frances, now a penniless orphan, decides to hop aboard a freight train and live the life of a hobo.
Chronicles the sometimes funny, sometimes sad experiences of eight-year-old Anna with her friends and family during a year in Baltimore just before World War I.
Her first week at a new school, shy, plain Delia befriends Amandine, not anticipating the dangerous turns their friendship would take.
Penny Lee loves to watch television so much that she has no time for anything else, but one day when the television stops working, her dog Mr. Barkley shows her some of the other fun things they can do.
A serious young shepherd finds that there is more than one way to keep a wolf from eating her sheep.
At a family reunion, the cousins line up in order of their ages to get their pictures taken, introducing the concept of numerical order.
When a young Caribbean boy does not listen to his grandmother, an evil spirit threatens to snatch him.
Life in their Pennsylvania hometown changes for Jubal Shoemaker and his family when his older brother witnesses to his Quaker beliefs by becoming a conscientious objector during World War II.
Seventeen-year-old football hero Austin, trying to understand the inexplicable depression that has drained his interest in life, thinks that he has found relief in a girl who seems very special.
Noticing that a popular series of horror novels is having a bizarre effect on the behavior of its readers, Franny and Beamer set out to find the mysterious author.
At a Christmas pageant, Henry the cat befriends Bonnie the lamb and helps her out of a potentially dangerous predicament.
Elijah, a nine-year-old African American with unusual mental powers and a special ability to reach into the natural world, becomes a hostage of a terrorist militia group and finds himself in a world of violence.
Three German teenagers who are members of the Mormon Church join forces to create a youth resistance movement during World War II, putting their lives at risk.
A bunny family spends the day together.
When the 21st Street Sluggers, a baseball team, have a car wash to raise money, they learn to keep careful track of their dollars and cents.
A child who is laughed at because of her square head learns to see her own inner beauty as well as that of others.
A child speculates about flying teddy bears, flowers that taste like candy, gold snowflakes, and more.
Two muffin-loving polar bears make a yearly attempt to use stealth and subterfuge to get muffins at the Yellowtooth Blueberry Muffin Festival.
After following her nine toys in a parade through the house, Hattie explains why each of them needs to sleep with her in her bed.
Smuggled out of Nigeria after their mother's murder, Sade and her younger brother are abandoned in London when their uncle fails to meet them at the airport and they are fearful of their new surroundings and of what may have happened to their journalist father back in Nigeria.
A series of poems express the views of various people in a small Vermont town, including a young black girl and a young Jewish girl, during the early 1920s when the Ku Klux Klan is trying to infiltrate the town.
Mary Elizabeth relates how, when Clifford was just a puppy, they made gifts to give their mothers on Mother's Day.
Although Tommy, a Japanese-American sixth-grader, has serious doubts when his mother starts organizing a rally to fight racism, once he and his friends find a cause of their own he gains more understanding of her motives.
One by one all the other pumpkins are chosen to become jack-o-lanterns, but even though no one buys the Littlest Pumpkin, her Halloween dreams come true.
When a gigantic wild ice cream cone runs off with the girlfriend of Captain Charles Handsome, the adventurer captures Cone Kong and takes him back to the Big City.
Angry and humiliated when his sharecropper father is jailed for stealing food for his family, a young black boy grows in courage and understanding by learning to read and through his relationship with his devoted dog Sounder.
A big city garbage truck makes its rounds, consuming everything from apple cores and banana peels to leftover ziti with zucchini.
Sam and his brother Robert fear their new neighbor is a zombie and plans to bring their dead pet gerbil back to life.
A song sparrow, a mole, a bear, and an owl must struggle through the cold, harsh months of winter.
A young student, who comes to love poetry through a personal understanding of what different famous poems mean to him, surprises himself by writing his own inspired poem.
Jealous of her perfect mother and ignored by her artist father, Echo seeks attention and healing from a variety of people living in beautiful Los Angeles.
The experiences of people coming to the United States from many different lands are conveyed in the words of a contemporary young girl visiting Ellis Island and of a girl who immigrated in about 1910, as well as by quotes from early twentieth century immigrants and Ellis Island officials.
After being mistreated by her stepfamily, a young girl receives help from her fairy godmother so that she can attend the palace ball.
Sophie is sad when her cat dies, so she asks God for a Christmas miracle and has her prayer answered in a surprising way.
Having settled on the Kansas frontier, young Bill Cody and his family try to make a home for themselves, coexist with their Kickapoo neighbors, and stand up as abolitionists in spite of their neighbors' pro-slavery beliefs.
After her parents disappear and she is turned over to the care of a strange "great-uncle," Molly must rely on her dreams about an old Mohawk story for her safety and maybe even  for her life.
Fourteen-year-old Autumn slowly becomes aware of changes in the tenuous relationship between her father and mother that threaten her cherished life on a small island off the coast of Washington State.
Alexander, in North Carolina while his father decides whether to remarry and move there, meets the ghost of a Confederate soldier and helps him look for his family.
There's Trouble with a capital "T" lurking among the familiar faces as a train makes its way through the villages along its route.
Despite his father's rules and his own fear of the water, fourteen-year-old Jamie joins his older cousin in taking the raft they made out onto the river, where a tragic accident leads Jamie to make the most difficult decision of his life.
Sixteen-year-old Juli hopes her experience as a trial witness in a bank robbery case in Bellingham Bay, Washington, will give her material for writing mystery stories, until she and her church group friends receive death threats and warnings not to testify.
Juli Scott, Shannon Riley, and their friends look forward to the new school year, especially when their  youth group leader, Kareem Thompson, offers to take them all to Mount Rainier to enjoy the early snowfall.
When Juli, her best friend Shannon, and their friends and families go on vacation to British Columbia, they begin to suspect they are being followed by the cult leaders who caused them trouble in the past.
Thirteen-year-old Kelly, softball star, has to face new challenges in her life, including assignment to a different softball team and her mother's new boyfriend.
Upon moving to Sentinel House, five-year-old Matty and fifteen-year-old Graham encounter ghosts from a nearby abandoned military compound, but real trouble begins when their father is arrested for posting information about a secret weapons system on the Internet.
Having dropped a pass and made his football team miss having an undefeated season, thirteen-year-old Keith fears that he will continue to make bad mistakes and wonders if he should continue playing football.
While his sisters babysit their rowdy young cousins, eleven-year-old Les joins his friends in the New Sugar Creek Gang as they try to discover what strange creature is tearing up their favorite park.
When Wally and his two best friends spend the summer at a dude ranch, he discovers that writing superhero stories will not help him deal with the cantankerous ranch owner, a deceitful camper, and a dangerous bull named Satan Breath.
A collection of three stories in which teenagers facing life-threatening illnesses find that love can make all things bearable.
Victor, a fourteen-year-old Mexican boy, is abducted by Mexican soldiers marching to Texas to put down the uprising there and experiences the Battle of the Alamo.
After a suspicious accident, Bugle Point High School's Misfits decide to investigate a local singer that they think might be connected to the killings at Kent State back during the Vietnam War.
Sam Collier, a twelve-year-old, serves as page to John Smith during the relentless hardship experienced by the founders at the first permanent English settlement in the New World.
Four months after being selected as finalists, seven girls continue to do whatever it takes to secure their spots in the new all-girl pop band, No Secrets: playing dirty tricks, keeping secrets, or just pushing themselves to do their best.
Maya finds out about dirty politics when she decides to run for the student council.
A visit from his grandmother and dreams of a great-uncle he never knew help prepare Jamie for his role as big brother to the new baby who is about to arrive from the hospital.
Making friends with a mentally retarded boy helps Kate learn that the two of them have a lot in common.
Though she is a wingless fairy, Fia does what she can to help her friends the woodkins and proves her worthiness to be Queen when she sets out to rescue two little woodkins.
When Lisa gets lost while visiting her uncle in New York City, she is saved by her own cleverness and a Statue of Liberty nightlight.
Gaspard goes to summer camp at the beach in the hope of learning to windsurf, but soon discovers that he must first learn to swim.
An international collection of spine-tingling stories, including such titles as "Bigger than Death," "The Airi," and "The Man Who Sang to Ghosts."
In summer and in winter, Althea enjoys the ritual of taking her bath.
While spending the summer with her father, Rainie wishes her parents would stay together, just like the family of loons she sees on the lake.
In the tradition of "The Night Before Christmas," these rhymes outline the fun of Valentine's Day.
A child lists all the things for which he is thankful, especially at Thanksgiving.
When Zack is bitten by a tick during a class trip to Central Park he succumbs to Rhyme Disease, which causes him to speak only in rhymes and to float like a helium balloon.
Monkey children have all kinds of fun from morning until night.
Little Toot the tugboat conquers his fear of rough seas when he single-handedly rescues an ocean liner during a storm.
"Excellent coverage of the art music (Behague) of Colombia, as well as traditional music (Waxer/List), broken down by region, and popular music (Waxer).  Illustrated with  maps, photographs, and musical examples"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
"This reference classic has approximately doubled in size since its last publication 20 years ago, and the expansion involves more than the thorough revision and addition of articles about music of the past. More articles about 20th-century composers and composer-performers have been added, as well as topical articles about the gender-related, multicultural, and interdisciplinary ways that music is now being studied. Add to these changes that New Grove is also available online, making it a source that would have made its many-faceted creator Sir George Grove proud."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2002.
Rhymed text and illustrations show all the things that cars do when they play.
After suffering a concussion while on a class trip to a Holocaust exhibit, Nicole finds herself living the life of a Jewish teenager in Paris during the Nazi occupation.
Timothy and his kindergarten classmates learn about counting, measuring, money, and other math concepts. Includes activities on directionality, spatial relations, and the days of the week.
Timothy and his kindergarten classmates learn about the alphabet, sounds, and rhyming. Includes activities on letter recognition, single and multiple syllable words, and words that start with consonants and vowels.
A menorah describes a family's joyous celebration of this Jewish holiday, from the first night to the eighth and last.
Shows how Benjamin Franklin, inventor, writer and scientist, created a puzzle called the magic square to keep from being bored while serving as clerk for the Pennsylvania Assembly.  Includes step-by-step instructions for creating your own magic squares.
Sister is worried when Brother joins the Too-Tall gang's basketball team.
As captain of Room Nine's field day team, Junie B. Jones tries to rally her troops after they lose several events.
When the Berenstain bears vacation in an abandoned lighthouse, mysterious things start to happen.
A big red happy muddy smart bouncy slobbery sneaky stinky dog is praised by his proud owner.
In ninth-century Britain, fifteen-year-old Aethelflaed, daughter of King Alfred of West Saxony, finds she must assume new responsibilities much sooner than expected when she is betrothed to Ethelred of Mercia in order to strengthen a strategic alliance against the Danes.
Eleven-year-old Ant, stuck in a family that she does not like, copes by pretending that her "real" parents are coming to rescue her, by loving her dog Pistachio, by volunteering at the zoo, and by bending the truth and telling lies.
Bossy Moffie and her quiet twin brother Morgie both enjoy starting school, especially getting gold stars and making new friends.
On his first stay at a kennel, Spike is worried about being left in a strange place, but when it is time to go home, he wants to stay.
When the kingdom of Madria receives a rumor that the Zorians may attack with a secret weapon, possibly under the direction of the Dark Lord, the Seven Sleepers become involved.
In the absence of the male Sleepers, the girls go to help the Cloud People in their time of trouble and put themselves in danger from an evil priest.
The Seven Sleepers visit Pleasure Island and find that everything is not pleasure there, as a mysterious new friend may have more in mind for them than a vacation.
Will and Lucy sail on the Titanic and are separated from their father when the ship hits an iceberg and begins to sink.
A look at the forty-four First Ladies of the United States and their extraordinary lives.
Bitesize, the little raccoon, has a painful splinter in his paw and hides under the bed, where his friends eventually find him.
A playful dog continually hides things in the closet, and his family makes him them return every time--except for one.
In 1893, thirteen-year-old Rosie and members of her family travel from their Illinois farm to Chicago to visit Aunt Euterpe and attend the World's Columbian Exposition which, along with an encounter with Buffalo Bill and Lillian Russell, turns out to be a life-changing experience for everyone.
Jesse Smoke, a sixteen-year-old Cherokee, begins a journal in 1837 to record stories of his people and their difficulties as they face removal along the Trail of Tears.  Includes a historical note giving details of the removal.
The 1845-1846 diary of thirteen-year-old Maria, servant to the wealthy Spanish family which took her in when her Indian mother died.  Includes a historical note about the settlement and early history of California.
In 1939, nine-year-old Paul goes on a memorable five-day voyage from New York to France on the luxurious ocean liner Normandie, the biggest ship in the world.
A love-struck mermaid named Aquamarine supplies adventure and insights to two twelve-year-old girls, life-long friends who are spending their last summer together before one of them moves away.
As Mr.Peck, a poor carpenter, grows prosperous he begins to add one room after another to the family's one-room house until it covers so much territory that he and his family must take the train to the next town just to get from the living room to the dining room.
Rhyming verses describe an assortment of insects, including termites, gnats, beetles, bees, grasshoppers, lice, and houseflies.
Crackers the cat has trouble keeping a job until he finds one that is perfect for him.
Flora, a little rabbit, does not want to sleep without her missing blanket, so her family helps her look for it.
Eight-year-old Phoebe looks forward to a visit from her absent father and must deal with her disappointment when "something comes up" and he must postpone his visit.
Fourteen-year-old Morgan alienates her friends and family when she spends all of her time online talking to strangers in various chat groups.
"This outstanding source is the place to find definitions, personal names and their derivation, places, and concepts from the Bible. Six hundred leading scholars from a wide spectrum of theological perspectives have come together to provide almost 5,000 articles that reflect current biblical scholarship, archaeological discoveries, trends, and issues. A must for every library."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2002.
Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose help catch the thieves who have stolen the treasure from the museum's mummy exhibit.
Twins Lil and Nelly, who are total opposites in their likes and dislikes, get a surprise when Nelly secretly makes some additions to Lil's school writing project.
The Little Blue Engine chugs along on a train trip to find all the letters of the alphabet.
When her sister, star-athlete Jakarta, finally joins them, Dakar feels much safer and happier in Cottonwood, North Dakota, where she and their parents are living for a year, but she still longs for their home in Africa.
Greer spends the summer of 1924 at a Long Island seashore mansion, where she helps her psychic mother and a sinister magician conduct seances, and unexpectedly finds new direction for her life.
A young man has a lifelong love of rock collecting that eventually leads him to work at a science museum.
When his father dies, Bo Gamage warily moves to the Mojave Desert home of his distant and estranged relatives, the Martinkas, and finds that "Mad" lives up to her name, PawPaw despises him, and Aunt Juna hopes he'll help search for the gold mine that started a family feud.
Mr. Kang loves his caged Chinese bird Hua Mei, but when his seven-year-old grandson Sam persuades him to give the bird his freedom they get a surprise.
The adventures of the three Darling children in Never-Never Land with Peter Pan, the boy who would not grow up.
A little girl who wants to be like the fairy godmother in Cinderella makes her dog into a superstar with mixed results.
A Hispanic family enjoys the traditional celebration of El Dia de los Reyes, or Epiphany, by reenacting the long walk of the three wise men bringing gifts to baby Jesus.
A kooky countdown of animals starting a remote control car race presents the numbers from ten to one.
Little Baa becomes separated from the rest of the sheep, but he is soon reunited with his Ma.
Every day the very kind rich lady feeds, cares for, and plays with her 100 dogs, some with plain names and some with fancy names.
A growing friendship between two unlikely teenagers helps each to deal with such personal problems as bulimia and rebelliousness.
Feeling that he is taken for granted by his family, a cat imagines more exciting lives he could live, but he decides that being part of a loving family is not so bad after all.
Angry with his pesky older sister, Seth wishes that she were dead and is horribly guilty when she gets sick and dies, but Rabbi Jesus is able to bring her back to life.
When a boy and his family go to another planet for a vacation, they discover that things are not so different from the way they are on Earth.
Having shown a proud and arrogant attitude about her soccer team's winning streak, Whitney is transported by her emerald Bible back to Biblical times, climbs the Tower of Babel, and discovers what happens to snobs.
Thirty-six true, tall, and traditional tales, primarily from the nineteenth century or earlier, selected by a professional storyteller and divided by the region of the United States from which they originated.
The gardener's son and Rainbow, who can change the color of things, do what they can to help when the Moon and the Sun quarrel.
When a thirteenth-century wizard confronts twenty-first century Boston while seeking his pet dragon, he is followed by a rival wizard and a very unhappy demon, but eleven-year-old Theodora Oglethorpe may hold the secret to setting everything right.
Oswald the Octopus and his dog, Weenie, make many new friends when they move to Big City.
Percy almost ruins the family picnic at the beach when he insists on bringing all his large teddy bears along, but his ingenuity saves the day.
QPootle5 lands on Earth on his way to a moon party because his spaceship's rocket booster will not boost.
The royal alchemist's dog Sophia is able to discover for herself the secret of making gold, but when the king comes to visit he finds treasure of a different kind.
In 1847, during the Great Famine, twelve-year-old Mary Flynn keeps a journal of life and death among Ireland's tenant farmers.
Mina, who loves dance and especially ballet, is off to her Tuesday afternoon class with Miss Viola.
The moon is full and all the bears are gathered together for a ball under the stars.
Rhyming text describes angels flying, singing, dancing, playing, baking, and sleeping.
While digging a hole in his back yard, an eleven-year-old Kansas boy finds the fossilized remains of a gigantic prehistoric animal, a discovery that brings both fame and controversy.
Roselupin, a princess locked in a tower by her overprotective father, uses yarn to knit a red wolf suit to free herself.
Presents an increasing number of scary beings, from one big growling giant to ten rattling robots.
When her sister Nikki gets sick, Brianna hopes to play her part as the butterfly queen in the Dance of Spring, but then another disaster strikes.
Retells five legends from various Native peoples inhabiting the Pacific Northwest coast of America, as collected by anthropologist Franz Boas.
Toad can't imagine a better place to live than his home in the English countryside, but when he is suddenly uprooted a new friend helps him adjust to the city.
Three novellas explore the effects of death on young lives.
Nothing ever changes inside the storybook kingdom inhabited by twelve-year-old Princess Sylvie, her parents, and many other characters until Sylvie discovers that by allying herself with the Reader she can experience new adventures beyond the confines of the book.
Ten-year-old Tracy, who lives in a children's home because her mother was forced to give her up, dreams of getting a good foster family where she can be happy until her mother comes back for her.
The summer of 1961 brings change to eleven-year-old Celli and her town of Mystic, Georgia, when her beloved Sophie becomes involved in the Civil Rights Movement and Celli learns a secret about the father who left her and her family long ago.
Thirteen-year-old Meatball, an overweight vegetarian, discovers that eating meatballs gives him the magic power of turning into anything he wants, and he uses this ability to fight his principal's diabolical plot to eliminate fun from the planet.
Instead of scooping a classmate who works on the school newspaper, Bennet and his friend Pete end up working with Elizabeth to find out who is responsible for putting a pumpkin on top of the town hall flagpole.
A fictionalized journal relates the experiences of a young stowaway from 1768 to 1771 aboard the Endeavor which sailed around the world under Captain James Cook.
The inhabitants of a kingdom that has fallen on hard times discover the value of faith when they learn to consider that which might be and labor to make it so.
A retelling of the traditional tale in which a rabbit attempts to marry a young girl.
A young boy describes how a storm sweeps over the ocean jetty where he likes to spend time.
The three pigs escape the wolf by going into another world where they meet the cat and the fiddle, the cow that jumped over the moon, and a dragon.
When he gets lost at the circus, Nick is helped by a clown on stilts, who shows him the whole circus and helps him find his parents.
Clara the cat and Buster the dog create a trail of destruction when they try ballroom dancing inside their house, but then they discover the joys of dancing outside, with the moon for a light and all the room in the world.
Three knights set out on a perilous journey to reach the king's castle, but the only one to reach his goal is the one who was wise enough to listen to the song of the king.
Illustrations and rhyming text describe how a parent and child complement one another.
"This outstanding work of scholarship explains what we eat and why we eat it. The multidisciplinary articles discuss both individual foods and topcs such as food fads, famine, and eating disorders."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
During World War II, Jeanmarie and her friends at Apple Valley Orphanage suspect their director of involvement with the black market and/or Nazi saboteurs, and, after writing to alert the FBI, they set out to prove it.
Since his father's disappearance and his move from a safe neighborhood, eleven-year-old Sam gets help from his new school's janitor and other adult friends in dealing with frightening new experiences.
All the elephant's friends give him advice, but none can solve his problem until the opossum announces friends are to help, not just to give advice.
When Kate and her parents visit the animal shelter, an adorable puppy charms them, but it is very hard to leave an older dog behind.
Examines the reign of Elizabeth I, including information about her personal life and accomplishments and everyday life in Tudor England, plus contemporary writings which characterize the Elizabethan Age.
In this biography, the man who would later compose some of the world's most beautiful music is shown to have once been a stubborn little boy with a mind of his own.
Mary and Joseph hurry to Bethlehem, where their child is born, and then shepherds, animals, and kings rush to see the new baby.
Carly is sad when her parents leave her at daycare to go to work, but when reminded that they'll be back later, she soon begins having fun with her friends.
Rhyming text presents the many facets of the behavior and characteristics of cats.
Left with Grandpa and Grandma, Noni wonders where Mom is and what she is doing, and when she returns she has to find Noni, who is hiding.
Yoko and Timothy aren't very frightening in their costumes that look like food, but they can still scare Doris and Stumpy, who ride an almost-real motorcycle in the school's Halloween parade.
When Yoko's class puts on a play about taking care of teeth, several students are not happy with their parts.
Told from the point of view of the women of Troy, portrays the last weeks of the Trojan War, when women are sick of tending the wounded, men are tired of fighting, and bored gods and goddesses find ways to stir things up.
Yoko loves kindergarten, but she doesn't want her mother to leave--until her new friend helps her realize that "mothers always come back."
School newspaper reporter Casey Smith tries to uncover who's behind the counterfeit Alienhead toys being auctioned on the Real News website, and also discovers there are good and bad aspects of Internet filtering.
Relates how a turnip farmer's daughter outwits the fearsome witch Baba Yaga.
More than anything in the world, Elliot the porcupine wants a friend who will hug him.
Fourteen-year-old Gardner, trying to find some direction in his life, is shocked to discover that his unemployed father considers himself a failure.
When twelve-year-old Ellie inherits an old Vermont farm from her cruel and heartless grandmother Aurelia, she reads a set of diaries written by an ancestor and discovers secrets from the past.
Princess Dinosaur has fun playing with the rest of the toys until Spots the dog comes and carries her off to an outdoor adventure.
Baby goes for a rollicking ride on a jiggling, joggling locomotive.
Follows the life of Victoria Kaiulani Cleghorn from 1889 to 1893 as she studies to be a better princess, even as Hawaii's monarchy, and her throne, are being undermined by American businessmen.
An overview of the geography, history, government, economy, people, and culture of Burma, now known as Myanmar.
Former "street rat" Briar Moss must face his past when he discovers a young mage in need of a mentor.
Barry the beaver, who works constantly, discovers from his animal friends that his life is more balanced if he sets time aside for such things as prayer, leisure, and love.
Thirteen-year-old Starshine Bott learns how to cope with an unconventional, politically active mother and does a lot of growing up in the process.
Text and pictures describe things in a kitchen from utensils to food.
George only likes things that are square like himself until a dream reminds him of how nice round can be.
Everett Anderson wonders how he can help his friend Greg, who appears to be a victim of child abuse.
Mr. Hibble's new dog, Jake, is very cute and cuddly, but he likes to do human things--such as eating at the dinner table and brushing his teeth.
A young boy awakes and is happy to greet the day.
Neighborhood children imaginatively stage funerals for dead bugs, but they experience real sadness following the death of a pet.
Three little kittens lose and find their mittens.
When a little boy vacations at the Grand Canyon with his grandmother, both good and bad things happen.
Miami's enjoyment of summer baseball camp is threatened by the presence of an antagonistic lodgemate and his main enemy, Destinee Tate.
With the lantern festival close at hand, Old Chan, the master paper lantern maker, must find an apprentice with the talent to continue his work.
Different dogs make a variety of doggy sounds and the reader is encouraged to join in.
Sixteen-year-old Jenna gets a job driving the elderly owner of a chain of successful shoe stores from Chicago to Texas to confront the son who is trying to force her to retire, and along the way Jenna hones her talents as a saleswoman and finds the strength to face her alcoholic father.
Four siblings struggle to maintain a seminormal home life when their single mother's alcoholism becomes debilitating.
Sixteen-year-old Lara, winner of beauty pageants and Homecoming Queen, is distressed and bewildered when she starts gaining weight and becomes a fat girl.
In India, a talented dancer sacrifices friends and family for her art.
After serving in the United States Army during World War II and having his face blown off by a grenade, Francis, a young soldier, returns home hoping to find--and kill--the former childhood hero he feels betrayed him.
Ferdinand likes to sit quietly and smell the flowers, but one day he gets stung by a bee and his snorting and stomping convince everyone that he is the fiercest of bulls.
Retells the familiar tale in which one of three brother pigs survives a wolf's attacks by using his head and planning well.
In 1923, twelve-year-old Hank and his older brother Peter travel on the Orphan Train from New York to Nebraska where they find a miserable existence living on a farm with a disagreeable and abusive couple whose only use for the brothers is as unpaid help.
Through a chain of events, a boy's stuffed toy monkey is lost in a rainstorm and retrieved only after it has passed through many hands.
Robert finds a robot from the planet Gobi and uses it to clean up his messy room.
When a new girl comes to school while the circus is in town, she helps two classmates become friends.
A young boy takes an imaginative journey as he goes from his backyard to the corner store to get some apples.
Trying to find the perfect birthday present for his best friend Evan, Pip learns something about the nature of friendship.
The children at Apple Valley Orphanage befriend two Mexican children who have run away from a cruel migrant labor boss.
Antonio, living in part of a very large house with his magician father and doctor mother, knows all sorts of unusual things but it is not until he meets his mysterious neighbor, Theodore Guzman, that he is introduced to the magical world of theatre.
When Brian's dog Arful suddenly begins talking, Brian and his two friends send the dog to find out what their classmates are planning for the school talent show.
When pride gets the better of Strap Buckner, a man known throughout Texas for his prodigious strength, he rashly challenges the devil to a contest.
When Mrs. Jenkins proposes the class paint dinosaurs, Doris's unusual artistic talent is not recognized until the class visits a modern art museum.
When Anew, the caterpillar, has nightmares in which he's not ready to be a butterfly, his snail friend, Faith, reassures him.
An ancient prophecy is fulfilled in the Kingdom of Lugin when young Kevin, while travelling to Royal City to ask Queen Arianna for healing water to cure his sick mother, discovers special powers within himself.
A young mother gives her daughter a doll and tells of the dollmaker who used her work to teach children to love others and respect their uniqueness.
Janie's parents move to the suburbs so she can go to a better school, but when she discovers that all the other students are richer than she is, she feels out of place--until she realizes that there are more important things than money.
Great-grandmother Tandy tells Lacey about a quilt given to their ancestor, Daniel, who, upset by the changes after his grandfather's death, leaves Illinois for South Dakota in 1891 to find his father, and learns about the Sioux Ghost Dance first-hand.
In a future world ravaged by a mutant virus, sixteen-year-old Ceej and three other teenagers seek to save the Grand Canyon from being flooded, while trying to avoid capture by a band of renegade Survivors.
In a future where the law limits a family to only two children, third-born Luke has been in hiding for the entire twelve years of his life, until he enters boarding school under an assumed name and is forced to face his fears.
The true story of Victorian artist Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins, who built life-sized models of dinosaurs in the hope of educating the world about what these awe-inspiring ancient animals and what they were like.
Hippo and Monkey are best, best, best friends and when the wise old Hippo dies, Monkey is very sad until Chameleon helps him remember the stories he and Hippo shared.
Ralph and Sylvia Nebula and their friend Mavis Goldfarb are bitter at being sent to a bogus weight-loss camp, so they decide to escape and find a way to take revenge on those responsible for promoting the idea that thin is better.
In this rhythmic cumulative tale Rosa Maria spends the week getting ready for her granddaughter's birthday party and trying to avoid attracting mice--unaware that the mice in her walls are preparing for a party of their own.
A quick-witted swineherd and a pig named Lollipop are royally rewarded after they reform a spoiled princess.
An African American boy meets a fairy princess and, through his good heart and imagination, helps save her people from imminent destruction.
After a hard rain, the animals on Bonnie Bumble's farm all turn blue.
Thirteen-year-old Nick calls upon God when he investigates a possible infestation of his neighborhood river by deadly, flesh-eating piranha.
After seeing a bad horror movie filmed years ago in the coastal town where his father is the lighthouse keeper, thirteen-year-old Danny suspects that a sea monster has returned in real life to recreate the events of the film.
In two related adventures, Ross Murdock travels in time to Britain in 2000 B.C. to uncover the base from which Russians are gathering weapons, then investigates an alien spaceship wrecked in North America during prehistoric times.
Each of the girls in a middle-school clique reveals the strong, manipulative hold one of the group exerts on the others, and the hurt and self-doubt that it causes them.
Jess and her friend Matthew find themselves drawn into a computer game in which they must defeat an evil wizard in order to save a friendly centaur, an elf, as well as King Arthur and some of his companions.
Believing that she is a princess, Dulcie Campbell leaves home to seek her true family, but she finds by reading a book of fairy tales that being a princess is not what she thought.
Having heard about Thanksgiving in school, nine-year-old Rivka tries to convince her immigrant family and her Rabbi that it is a holiday for all Americans, Jews and non-Jews alike.
A fictionalized account of the life of Jennie Sellards Wiley, who spent a year as an Indian captive in Kentucky and eventually escaped and returned to her husband in Virginia.
Benny learns many things during the first year of his life. Includes nonfiction information about infant development.
Grandad bakes Grandma a whopper of a birthday cake. Includes recipe and directions for chocolate cake.
Fourth-graders Drake Doyle and Nell Fossey combine their detective and scientific investigation skills to solve a variety of cases, involving a noisy garbage can, endangered frogs, a stuck truck, and a mysterious love letter.  Includes a section of scientific experiments and activities.
Franklin loves his baby sister a lot and wants to be a good big brother, but only sometimes.
Unusual things sprout up in a garden in which silly things, such as socks and a hairbrush, were planted.
As the school year begins on Mars, Horus the Martian gets off to a rocky start, but soon discovers that first grade is not really as bad as he thought.
A collection of Japanese children's literature in translation spans three decades with contributions by major authors as well as familiar lullabies.
Nate the Great follows the clues to find his lost dog, Sludge, in a department store.
Akiko and Mr. Beeba, Spuckler, Gax, and Poog continue on their perilous journey across the planet Smoo to rescue Prince Froptoppit.
Sixteen-year-old Will Spencer leaves home to become a peddler, but gets more than he bargained for when he agrees to go to Kentucky, steal two slaves, and help them reach their brother in Canada.
Didi and her father take a Sunday walk on the Promenade in Brooklyn, N.Y., where there is always something new to see, greet, hear and do, even when you're in a hurry.
Baby Brenda and her friends have fun at the Midnight Cafe, enjoying a "wibble wobble" dance, a "jiggly-joggly" treat, and a dip in the sprinklers before going home to bed.
Every school has its secrets, but in Ms. Snickle's classroom the secrets are extraordinary, and when Lacey sets out to learn and tell them all, she puts Ms. Snickle's job in jeopardy.
Self-conscious about its ears, a dog tries doing a number of things to make them look better.
A little boy snags the moon with his fishing rod, and it flies him to New York to visit his grandmother.
A collection of nine stories about Mexican American kids growing up in the Rio Grande Valley of southern Texas.
In nineteenth-century Concord, Massachusetts, seven-year-old Louisa May Alcott joins other local children on the varied excursions led by teacher and naturalist Henry David Thoreau, and is inspired to write her first poem.
A boy hears a noise in the night and imagines what it could be.
When Thomas the Tank Engine goes to a carnival instead of checking all the warning signals on the new branch line and then lies about it, his friend Percy nearly derails.
In 1876 San Francisco, three boys from very different backgrounds are rescued from drowning by a magical ship which takes them on a quest to Asgard, home of the Norse gods.
A curious young raccoon takes an unexpected trip downstream in a small wooden boat.
At a picnic near Beaumount, Texas, in 1892, Billy Jack and Sarah Jane Thornton become involved in their Sunday School teacher's dream of finding oil at Spindletop Hill and they befriend an Indian widow who lives nearby.
Intellectually and athletically gifted, TJ, a multiracial, adopted teenager, shuns organized sports and the gung-ho athletes at his high school until he agrees to form a swimming team and recruits some of the school's less popular students.
While spending the summer on an archaeological dig in Oaxaca, Mexico, with Uncle Carl and  his girlfriend, Eliza Lomax meets a Zapotec boy who takes her back in time to try to stop a deadly game meant to punish her uncle for disturbing the dead.  Includes a tourist guide to Mexico City and Oaxaca.
While their parents are at a conference, sisters Robin and Jo are left to see the sights of Paris in the care of a secretive woman and the girls find themselves involved in a sequence of mysterious events.
When seven-year-old Willimena spends all the money she  earned selling Girl Scout cookies, her big sister Tina helps her come up with a plan to earn the money back.
Follows the adventures of the Arabian stallion brought to England to become one of the founding sires of the Thoroughbred breed and the mute Moroccan stable boy who tends him with loyalty and devotion all his life.
A fourteen-year-old Eskimo boy who feels at odds with aspects of modern life takes a 1400-mile journey by dog sled across ice, tundra, and mountains seeking his own "song" of himself.
Paul and his sister Maureen's determination to own a pony from the herd on Chincoteague Island, Virginia, is  greatly increased when the Phantom and her colt are among the ponies rounded up for the yearly auction.
To the constant disappointment of his mother and his teachers, Joey has trouble paying attention or controlling his mood swings when his prescription medications wear off and he starts getting worked up and acting wired.
Fluffy the guinea pig accidentally accompanies Ms. Day's class on a field trip to the planetarium.
Fluffy the guinea pig learns all about growing vegetables when Ms. Day's class plants seeds.
Cleo and Clifford can't resist jumping into the pile of leaves they helped T-Bone gather, but the leaves scatter and they try to get them all back before T-Bone returns.
When Clifford, T-Bone and Cleo reward each other for doing tricks, they find out that too many treats are bad for the tummy.
Emily Elizabeth can't find anything special enough for show-and-tell, until Clifford gives her an idea.
Emily Elizabeth asks Clifford to watch Wally, her classroom's pet bunny, but when T-Bone and Cleo want to play with him, Wally escapes and a chase begins.
Clifford is in trouble all over town for his digging, but when a storm threatens the library, he may be the only one who can save it.
A collection of stories passed down orally for generations, reflecting the customs and traditional beliefs of the Pueblo people.
Arthur's determination to prove he is responsible enough to have a puppy brings him a menagerie of animals to care for.
When her family begins to fall apart, sixteen-year-old Let is torn between two interesting and unconventional boys, as she slides into the dark side of alcohol, illegal drugs, and sexual activity.
When Stuart Little and his family go for a picnic at a lake, he has several adventures as he tries to sail across the lake on George's sailboat.
Sometimes Eve feels overwhelmed by her two younger twin sisters, but things really get out of hand when the family decides to attend a festival for twins at the Twinsville resort.
Eleven-year-old Dougie, living in California's Calaveras County, teams up with twelve-year-old Varloo, an emissary from a culture living in underground caves, and tries to help her people.
Tired of staying in seclusion since the death of her best friend, a fourteen-year-old Native American girl takes on a photographic assignment with her local newspaper to cover events at the Native American summer youth camp.
Seeking freedom from his restrictive home and school life, Morgan, using his own powers, becomes a magnificent fish--the blue marlin.
When a dangerous necromancer threatens to unleash a long-buried evil, Lirael and Prince Sameth are drawn into a battle to save the Old Kingdom and reveal their true destinies.
Light-hearted illustrations accompany this version of the familiar nursery rhyme about an old woman and her playful dog.
While on a fourth-grade trip to New York City, Devin helps his friend Stan Mflxnys, a 147-year-old alien from the planet Pan, and other E.T.s try to locate the Humongan who is stealing the Pants' power supply, thereby disabling the microcomputer in Stan's nose.
When Jack Osborne is befriended by his school's custodian and a Basque girl, he begins to adjust to his family's sudden move to Elko, Nevada, after entering the Witness Security Program, but the drug cartel against which his father will testify is determined to track them down.
On the roof of his building, lonely Jawanza meets a homeless man who teaches him how to make friends with the sparrows and pigeons up there.
Teenage Jake joins his father on an expedition to study bats in the Brazilian rain forest and finds the project menaced by a giant brain-eating bat.
Five green and speckled frogs sit on a speckled log eating some most delicious bugs, but one by one they jump into the cool pool, until soon they are all gone.
For Thanksgiving Day, the fourteen pigs in the Jambonneau family trim their trees to look like turkeys, but wake up one morning to find they have all been stolen.
An orphan girl discovers that she shares her grandfather's gift for finding things when their very clever pig disappears.
When her mother dies leaving Little Meg to care for her two young brothers in nineteenth-century London, they spend their days asking for God's blessings and trying to find enough food to keep them alive until father returns from sea.
Cris must choose between "aggro" skating and roller hockey, which also means choosing between his old friends and some new ones.
In 1620, a boy and his dog are rescued from the doomed ship, Flying Dutchman, by an angel who guides them in travelling the world, eternally helping those in great need.
Zachary, a young bear, says that when he grows up he is going to live with his mother, but she encourages him to think about the many other things he could do, such as being a footballer, pilot, or cowboy.
A mother tries to get her mischievous son, whom she calls Monkey Boy, to bed.
In 1895, after his mother's death, twelve-year-old Nathan moves with his father and grandfather to Pea Island off the coast of North Carolina, where he hopes to join the all-black crew at the nearby lifesaving station, despite his father's objections.
Sixth grader Kara tries to conceal from her friends, her absent father, and the authorities that her mother is sliding deeper and deeper into mental illness.
While living with her uncle in a house haunted by the ghost of a young woman, recently orphaned Judith Sparrow wonders if her one small transgression causes mysterious happenings.
Josh, who has dyslexia, spends the summer on an island off the coast of Maine and finds that he has much to prove to his gruff grandfather and his older brother.
Max comes up with a clever way to help his elephant friend Big Blue, who is afraid of the dark.
Shanna gives five clues that explain how she knows that she is a princess.
An account of Dr. George Reisner's 1925 discovery and excavation of a secret tomb in Giza, Egypt, based on archival documents and records, but told through the fictionalized experiences of a young boy who accompanies his father on the dig.
Using his tricky ways, Malese takes advantage of his neighbors, until they catch on, after which he manages to pull an even bigger trick on them.
Orphaned and homeless, twelve-year-old Chipper Carey is a street-wise gang member in 1890s New York City, until a con man introduces him to a wealthy woman who is seeking her long-lost nephew and Chipper must decide where his loyalties lie.
With her younger brother in danger, fifteen-year-old, overweight Maddie runs out of the house she has not left since she was two years old and her grandfather disappeared after they visited the town library together.
Teenage Tessa's passion for riding and her love for an ugly horse named Buffoon help her endure an unhappy life in the English countryside with a hateful stepfather.
Working for his stepfather on a charter fishing boat in Hawaii teaches thirteen-year-old Mikey about fishing, and about taking risks, making sacrifices, and facing some of life's difficult choices.
In the eighteenth century sixteen-year-old John Spencer sails from England in his schooner, the Dragon, to the Caribbean, where he and the crew encounter pirates, fierce storms, fever, and a strange man who some fear may be cursed.
A fictionalized version of the author's experiences in 1946 when, at the age of sixteen, she was admitted to a San Francisco tuberculosis hospital and courted by a Maharajah's son.
A retelling of the story of Noah's ark, embellished with elements from Romanian folklore, including how the devil sneaked aboard, the reason Noah threw a cat overboard, and the role of a snake in saving the ark.
Pursued by greedy villains, two boys on a quest to save innocent lives meet the banished queen whose son was stolen by Rumpelstiltskin eleven years earlier, and she provides much more than the answer they seek.
Owen and his friends decide that spying on the school principal at his own house will be a fun challenge.
Rey, a Mexican American living with his close-knit family in a Texas town near the Mexican border, describes his transition from boy to young man.
Takadu the aardvark comes up with an ingenious plan to help his friend Noko the porcupine overcome his fear of the night monster.
While walking home from school, a young boy experiences many scary things, both imaginary and real, and looks forward to being safe and snug at home with his parents.
"When Saints, Scholars, and Schizophrenics was published twenty years ago, it became an instant classic - a beautifully written study tracing the social disintegration of "Ballybran," a small village on the Dingle Peninsula in Ireland. In this richly detailed and sympathetic book, Nancy Scheper-Hughes explores the symptoms of the community's decline: emigration, malaise, unwanted celibacy, damaging patterns of child rearing, fear of intimacy, suicide, and schizophrenia. Following a recent return to "Ballybran," Scheper-Hughes reflects in a lengthy new preface and epilogue on the well-being of the community and on her attempts to reconcile her responsibility to honest ethnography with respect for the people who shared their homes and their secrets with her."--BOOK JACKET.
When the Tin Woodman and his friends set off to find his former fiancee, their many adventures include an encounter with a wicked giantess and a meeting with the tinsmith who first made the renowned tin man.
Fifth-grader Jack finds himself the target of ridicule at school when it becomes known that his father is one of the janitors, and he turns his anger onto his father.
When Woodrow's mother suddenly disappears, he moves to his grandparents' home in a small Virginia town where he befriends his cousin and together they find the strength to face the terrible losses and fears in their lives.
After their mother's death, Olivia and Nellie go to live with their great aunt, where they slowly bring her overgrown and weedy old garden back to life, enabling them to adjust to a new life as well.
Teenage Holland and her younger sister Geneva, having always lived under the shadow of siblings who died before they were born, struggle to establish separate identities and escape from the oppressive weight of their parents' continuing grief.
Evan, an eleven-year-old boy in 1914 whose strict father has little time for him, is delighted when his long-lost grandfather returns, relates his many sea adventures, and hobbles around like Evan who has a club foot.
By flipping the pages, the reader may view animated illustrations that follow a small mouse named Ricky Ricotta and his best friend, a giant flying robot, as they save the world from Victor Von Vulture and his vicious Voodoo Vultures from Venus. Includes easy art instructions for drawing characters from the book.
Chip's summer plans change when State is selected to represent the United States in the college baseball series with two of Japan's finest teams, and he soon finds himself helping a Japanese college student improve his pitching.
Rosa enjoys digging a hole, walking in all kinds of weather, catching a fish, running, jumping, spinning, and more.
Wally and Gene will wash any pet--cat, eel, kangaroo, or ant--but they draw the line at baby brothers.
Two separate stories--one from a girl's point of view, the other from that of a young boy--tell what her daughter or his son will be allowed to do.
Isabella the sheep sets out to become a leader and ultimately saves the flock from a deadly wildfire. Includes nonfiction information about Spain.
At Las Flores Cafe in Miami Beach, the mimicry of a talkative parrot, named Feathers, spreads misinformation. Includes factual information about Florida and exotic birds.
Bastet, a golden cat, shares her life on the streets of Cairo, Egypt, with her best friend Sabah, until a pampered cat tries to lure her away with the promise of getting into the Museum of Antiquities to see King Tut's golden mask.
The penguins of the South Pole, all dressed up and with no place to go, invite the Three Tenors to come and perform an opera for their amusement.
During a long, snowy winter, the fourth grade boys and girls at Starvation Lake Elementary School have a contest to see who can raise the most money to help pay for a class trip.
A cat looks for the perfect place to take a nap.
Lulu wants her birthday to be special and she does not want to share it with her baby sister, so she decides to spend it at the zoo with a gorilla who is also turning eight.
When Jeff accompanies his uncle to the Amazon rain forest to acquire butterflies for a museum exhibit, he hopes to see real jaguars as well.
Sixteen-year-old Jessica, who longs to be free of the restrictions of her father and life in the Jewish ghetto of sixteen-century Venice, falls in love with a Christian aristocrat and must make choices which will affect her whole family. Inspired by Shakespeare's play The merchant of Venice.
More than a thousand years after being lost at sea, three preserved lotus seeds are found and brought to the Emperor of Japan, who sends one on a journey to America, where it still blooms today.
After his father leaves their family, twelve-year-old Uton Hinds, known as Tall T, tries to earn extra money in his Jamaican village and tries to further his education as he ponders how he feels about his father's behavior.
Based on the Mabinogion, a collection of medieval Welsh tales, as well as later legends, tells of family members and servants important in the life of King Arthur, featuring Nimue, Morgan le Fay, Luned, and Mordred.
Tonka Joe makes sure his various vehicles, including the Pulverizer, Flame Racer, Blizzard Rig, and Hazard Handler, are ready for any emergency.
A little bird tries to hatch a strange egg before a monkey tells her it is an orange.
After the death of his abusive father, eleven-year-old Ricky tries to help his younger brother deal with his residual fears and discovers that running helps him deal with his own anger and the taunts of a bullying classmate.
After spending years fleeing from the Nazis in war-torn Europe, twelve-year-old Karin Levi and her older brother Marc find a new home in a refugee camp in Oswego, New York.
Afraid of losing her best friend, a little girl does everything she can to stop her big sister's wedding.
When Stuart Little and Snowbell the cat are left alone for the afternoon, they discover that the game of hide-and-seek can be dangerous.
While visiting Iowa in 1893, the Czech composer Anton Dvorak hears the song of a scarlet tanager and is inspired to create a new piece of music.
Three children on vacation in Cornwall find an ancient manuscript which sends them on a dangerous quest that entraps them in the eternal battle between the forces of the Light and the Dark.
On his eleventh birthday Will Stanton discovers that he is the last of the Old Ones, destined to seek the six magical Signs that will enable the Old Ones to triumph over the evil forces of the Dark.
Jane's invitation to witness the making of the Greenwitch begins a series of sinister events in which she and her two brothers help the Old Ones recover the grail stolen by the Dark.
A strange boy and dog remind Will Stanton that he is an immortal, whose quest is to find the golden harp which will rouse others from a long slumber in the Welsh hills so they may prepare for the ultimate battle of Light versus Dark.
After his mother and sister move out, thirteen-year-old Casey begins to realize that his father's drinking problem is more than he can handle and that the intervention his aunt suggests may be the best way to help.
In these two stories the protagonists have mischievous fun with a former pirate and a band of robbers.
In late twelfth-century England, a thirteen-year-old boy named Arthur recounts how Merlin gives him a magical seeing stone which shows him images of the legendary King Arthur, the events of whose life seem to have many parallels to his own.
When a family tragedy occurs, ten-year-old Alyssa "Blister" Reed changes schools, moves to an apartment with her depressed mother while her father gets his own place, and tries to believe her grandmother, who tells her she is "elastic" and can handle it all.
Willie's father tells him there is something special in an old coconut bank brought from the Philippines, but Willie is embarrassed to take it to school for a contest, especially since he knows that one of his classmates will make fun of him.
While on a school field trip to the natural history museum, Gaspard and Lisa have an exciting adventure in the dinosaur room.
Gaspard is taken to the hospital for an operation after he swallows his new race car key chain.
These eight stories, most of which include a bit of magic, include tales of a wishing mat, an enormous cat, and a very strange house.
A newly illustrated version of the well-known poem about an important Christmas visitor.
A collection of nine brief stories from the author's first book, including such titles as "The Hippopotamus's Car," "The Melting Ice-cream Cone," and "The Black Crayon."
The Little Angel of Happiness tries to help Raquel get in the proper spirit for the winter holidays.
When his family moves to a new house, Drew fights with his sisters because he feels left out, but the Little Angel of Empathy uses a neighbor's dog to help him get along better with his sisters.
The Little Angel of Persistence tries to help Stanley understand the value of not giving up on various activities.
Emma is glad when her parents agree that Sheltie can come along on the family vacation to the beach and even happier when he helps to rescue another pony from a dangerous situation.
Gus and his dog Button leave their white world to brave the scary forest and discover color.
Family members go to great lengths to rid their child of head lice.
When his best friend, Spunky, misses school one day, Little Bear realizes that he has not been very nice to his other friends and bakes some special cookies (recipe included) to show he cares about them, too.
Gattonero the cat, Gallo the rooster, Pecorone the ram, and the other animal inhabitants of the village of Calice work to triumph over the evil of Lupo the wolf and Volpe the she-fox.
When a family friend disappears after the plane he was piloting crashes, the Arlingtons interrupt their Wyoming vacation to help the authorities look for him.
During a Colorado vacation, teenagers Ashley and Adam Arlington help the police try to recover two large pieces of valuable gold crystals stolen from the Cave of the Winds.
Hen, Duck, and Goose go on a picnic but have trouble deciding where to stop and eat.
Cumulative text describes how water falls from the clouds as rain and eventually makes its way to the sea.
An abandoned doll, who seems to be a perfect child, can't compare with a toad's own beloved, but imperfect daughter.
A small stray dog is accepted into a household full of cats by learning to "fit in", but when his mistress is hurt, he demonstrates that being a dog is not all bad.
Four separate incidents test the power of the Chrestomanci, a powerful enchanter with nine lives, to control misuses of magic on various worlds.
Cobweb the cat and her best friends, who are mice, save the spooky Black Cat Bookstore from a burglar who says he doesn't believe in ghosts.
With the help of his animal friends, Joseph the monkey learns the letters and how use them to spell words.
Miss Jenkins tells her class the history of the piano, causing all the children to request pianos for Christmas. Included are brief histories of twelve famous composers and pianists.
Twelve-year-old Jenny and the other members of the Snob Squad suspect that one of them, or someone close to them, is behind the thefts at their school.
Janelle is happy to finally have a pony of her own, but when her new friend Katie almost ruins her summer, Janelle must pray hard to Jesus before she can forgive Katie.
Photographs depict dogs in all sorts of human activities, from eating breakfast and getting dressed to going to the beach and watching television.
Edward loves to read about Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle, and one afternoon he becomes so absorbed in his book that he finds himself deep in Tarzan's jungle.
A young ladybug is carried into town in her tulip home and has a series of adventures before a moth helps her make her way back home.
Photographs depict cats in all sorts of human activities, from eating breakfast and taking a bath to going to school and reading a bedtime story.
"These volumes provide a snapshot of the history and science of energy production, conservation, and use. Multidisciplinary in scope, the 253 signed and lavishly illustrated articles cover topics ranging from biofuels and bicycles to steam engines and thermodynamics. The work ends with a fascinating energy time line that puts major events in the history of energy into context."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2002.
A selfish king keeps a beautiful apple tree and its wonderful fruit all to himself, until an invasion of worms teaches him a lesson about sharing.
"No other encyclopedia covers the world of women in international sports with such depth, currency, and detail. This three-volume, illustrated reference set provides articles on all aspects of the history and the current state of women's sports. Included are more than 230 biographies, 170 individual and group sports, and 75 country profiles, plus examinations of cultural, societal, health, and ethical issues."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
The new cub in Sister Bear's second grade class looks and acts so strange that Sister avoids him when he tries to make friends.
Twelve-year-old Kurt and his father encounter poisonous plants, an earthquake, and a gigantic flesh-eating dinosaur when they begin exploring the interior of the Outer Island near Dinotopia.
"With more than 400 entries on paper collectibles from the most obscure to the most common, this outstanding source is arranged alphabetically and provides written descriptions and photographs of anything from an ABC primer from 19th-century London to winkle bags. This is truly a source to be consulted by collectors or anyone looking for a glimpse of the past."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
Hank the Cowdog, Head of Ranch Security, and assistant deputy Drover engage in an epic battle with the coyotes, Rip and Snort, as they all seek some meaty treats.
When ninety-nine-year-old Miss Fannie gives up her favorite pink straw hat with the roses, to help raise money for her church, she receives an unexpected reward.
A traumatic event near the end of the summer has a devastating effect on Melinda's freshman year in high school.
Blossom, not the most popular member of her freshman class in 1914, travels ahead seventy years, and returns in time to make Halloween a memorable night for her classmates and teachers.
In 2040, eleven-year-old Tom follows his grandfather through the Wall and into the forbidden Wild, where they seek to find his grandfather's boyhood home.
Third grader Molly is jealous of Florence's superior ice skating ability but makes an interesting discovery about teamwork when she joins the hockey team.
Robin, a young ballet dancer who is half Chinese and half white, works in a fish store for Mr. Tsow, a brusque Chinese who accuses her of being a half-person and who harbors a bitter secret.
In the Welsh hills Will Stanton, youngest of the immortal Old Ones, joins forces with Merriman, Bran, and the mortal Drew children in a quest through space and time against the powers of evil known as the Dark.
Thirteen-year-old Haley holds her life together with the help of good people after her mother suffers a nervous breakdown and her brother is arrested.
A clever cat wins his master a fortune and the hand of a princess.
Although ten-year-old Miguel is at first embarrassed by his colorful great aunt, Tia Lola, when she comes to Vermont from the Dominican Republic to stay with his mother, his sister, and him after his parents' divorce, he learns to love her.
When committed to an upscale group home outside Asheville, North Carolina, eighteen-year-old Taylor Drysdale pretends that her bipolar disorder is under control and that she will leave soon, but relationships with her fellow residents may hold the key to real recovery.
After the death of his brother, eight-year-old Bill Cody and his family set out from Iowa to make a new home for themselves in the volatile Kansas Territory.
Will and a small group of free people plan to destroy the three great cities of the Tripods before the arrival of a space ship destined to doom humanity.
Three boys set out on a secret mission to penetrate the City of the Tripods and learn more about these strange beings that rule the earth.
During the course of a busy day, family members continue to share a hug by passing it on to others.
A group of witches and wizards gathers to seek a way to save Earth from the turmoil they foresee, and thousands of years later geologists discover a cave painting in the French Alps that seems to have magical properties.
At night the sounds of various animals lull a child to sleep.
On her way to Halloween trick-or-treating, a witch makes room on her broom for a group of fiendish friends.
With baking magic, Mrs. Biddlebox uses fog, dirt, sky, and other ingredients of a rotten day to transform it into a sweet cake.
A swing spiritual based on the proverb "God blessed the child that's got his own."
Thirteen-year-old Sarabeth Silver's life is turned upside-down when her mother dies suddenly, leaving her orphaned, confused, and at the mercy of everyone who seems to know what is best for her.
Shortly after he gets the perfect dog, Riley, eleven-year-old William must fight for his dog's life after Riley is taken away because he chases and injures an elderly neighbor's old horse.
Thirteen-year-old Cissy must discover what family means to her as she is caught in a struggle between her aunt and mother in Depression-era Colorado.
Rhyming text describes various animals and the musical instruments they are playing. Lifting a movable flap reveals the identity of each animal and the nature of its instrument.
Rhyming text and visual clues, including color, lead the reader to guess what animal is being described.
Sixteen-year-old Olwen, who lives alone on the planet Isis with her faithful robot, falls tragically in love with an arrival from earth who is unaware that her natural form has been hidden in a humanlike space suit.
Russ, a student with Down syndrome, is having a perfect day until he realizes that the five-dollar bill he has found probably belongs to a classmate.
When Patrick Bear meets a bully on the way to the store, pretending to be a dragon helps him deal with the situation.
In sixteenth-century France, ruled by a Church that overtaxes peasants and burns heretics, Marius must postpone his apprenticeship to care for his six-year-old brother, whose birth took their mother's life, and who the villagers, backed by the Church, believe will become a "loup garou" -- a werewolf.
Jimena, who has the gift of seeing the future, must call on the skills she developed as a gang member when Cassandra, a Follower of the evil Atrox, hatches a plot that may destroy the moon goddesses and those they love.
Troubled about being separated at school and preoccupied with sabotaging their father's marriage, ten-year-old witches, Claire and Luna, have little time to think of something good, smart and tricky to do that will finally make them one-star witches.
Eagerly anticipating her Quinceanera, the fifteenth birthday celebration that will signify her adulthood, Marisol is troubled by a lack of money, her mother's new boyfriend, changes in her best friend, and the absence of the father she never knew.
All thirteen-year-old Raspberry can think of is making money so that she and her mother never have to worry about living on the streets again.
When Guy's mother announces that she is going to marry the father of his despised enemy Lana, Guy realizes that he must join forces with Lana to stop the event.
Rose keeps a journal of her family's difficult times on their farm during the days of the Dust Bowl in 1935.
Jennifer has trouble making friends with her new cat Amadeus, until he hears her playing Mozart on the piano.
Clifford and his family move to Birdwell Island to give the big red dog room to play, but the neighbors think he's a nuisance until he shows them that his size can be an advantage.
Two little girls attend ballet class and eat strawberry ice cream afterwards.
When a new animal comes to the barnyard, the animals try to determine which one of them it resembles--since it is white like the duck, has four legs like the pig, and eats clover like the cow.
A lifelong friendship develops between a polar bear and Bruun, an Inuit boy. After Bruun saves her from starvation and she, in turn, saves him from a blizzard, eventually they are separated and don't meet again until Bruun is a man.
In rhyme, outlines some of the possibilities that life has to offer, from the adventurous to the tranquil.
Mr. Pig fills in for the missing caller at the square dancing recital. Includes related activities.
When his finger gets stuck in his nose, Parker finds out that his nose-picking habit makes it hard for him to take part in other fun activities.
As a child makes a Mother's Day card, various animal mothers are shown taking care of their young.
Frustrated by Santa's slowness at Christmastime, Muckle the elf creates a mechanical replacement called the Deliverator and proposes a series of contests to prove that it can do Santa's job better than he can.
Nine-year-old cousins Lily, Rosie, and Tess are sad when it is time to leave Aunt Lucy, so they plan a party and get a special surprise to look forward to in the near future.
A young boy manages to get his busy father's attention with the help of a special imaginary friend.
Elmer the duck is teased because he is different, but he proves himself by not only surviving the winter, but also saving his Papa.
To help explain birthdays to the other dolls, Raggedy Ann prepares a birthday party for the new doll Clarissa. Includes related crafts, recipes, and games.
Ax, who has always believed that he is the only non-infested Andalite on Earth, discovers that there are others trying to survive until help finally comes.
When Tobias discovers Visser Three's newest feeding place, the Animorphs must decide how to proceed.
Ax and the Animorphs flee the Yeerks, who seek to find the blue cube that gives the kids the ability to morph.
The arrival of Andalites on Earth gives Ax and the Animorphs allies to fight against the Yeerk invasion but also causes new problems.
A boy named Jake wakes up to find himself twenty-five years old and in a world ruled by the aliens known as the Yeerks.
Despite all their efforts none of the animals can get bear to wake up from his winter sleep.
Slinky Malinki, a mischievous cat, and Stickybeak Syd, a bird, get into lots of trouble when they are left alone in the house.
The adventures of a mischievous black cat who turns into a thief at night.
Schnitzel von Krumm is not a happy dog when his well-meaning family replaces his beloved, broken-in basket with an uncomfortable, stylish new one.
When Hairy Maclary gets a tasty bone, he finds clever ways to protect it from five hungry friends.
Rhyming text and illustrations present disguised or hidden animals, from a long and lean tiger in the jungle to a black cat snoozing in the sun.
When Clifford is left behind when Emily Elizabeth and her family go away, he has trouble sleeping.
After choosing the smallest puppy of the litter, Emily gives it such good care that it grows too big to live in her house.
Determined that their daughter realize her musical destiny, her poor but devoted parents send her away as a baby to the Venetian "ospedale," knowing she will be raised as an orphan and will never again be allowed to return home.
A child enjoys all kinds of activities inside and out on a snowy day.
Two mischievous monkeys are separated from their mother while shopping for bananas, but remarkably end up back home.
Jamela is responsible for fattening up the chicken intended for Christmas dinner, but instead she gives it a name and makes it her friend.
Because only he can read the magical map, young, weak, and timid Rowan joins six other villagers to climb a mountain and try to restore their water supply, as fears of a dragon and other horrors threaten to drive them back.
A rhyming story about planting some seeds.
Corduroy's letter to Santa is full of requests for his friends, who will be spending Christmas Day with him, but Santa has a surprise in store for a very special bear, too.
For Emil, a Jewish teenager from a wealthy, educated family, life under the Nazi occupation of Poland is much easier than some people had feared, as he lives fairly comfortably and finds many opportunities to learn about love.
An Amish community gathers to erect a barn in one day, and finishes in time for the owner's cows to be milked there that very evening.
After the death of the uncle who had been his guardian, fourteen-year-old Alex Rider is coerced to continue his uncle's dangerous work for Britain's intelligence agency, MI6.
In her quest to connect with Robin Hood, the father she has never met, thirteen-year-old Rosemary disguises herself as a boy, befriends a half-wolf, half-dog, a runaway princess, and an overgrown boy whose singing is hypnotic, and makes peace with her elfin heritage.
Follows a day in the life of a six-month-old hedgehog, who avoids the dangers of tractor, draft horse and fox, and feasts on insects and other treats in her British hedgerow community.
Traces a year in the life of a harp seal, from her birth on an ice floe in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, through the spring migration, and back to her home in the Gulf.
A young mallard duck grows to maturity under the care of his mother, avoiding predators and learning how to fly.
In the tropical dry forest of Southern Madagascar, a baby ring-tailed lemur follows his troop through their forest home in search of food and water.
Sung to the tune of "The Farmer in the Dell," verses describe the activities on Halloween night.
During the Great Depression, while their father is away looking for work, eight-year-old Patrick and thirteen-year-old Roy create a machine to help their mother make ends meet, even as she is helping tramps.
A young boy is told that he has his mother's nose, his sister's eyes, his uncle's head for numbers, and other traits from different family members, but he comes to realize that there is nobody quite like him.
Mama and Papa Potamus try out many different names for their newborn daughter before finding just the right one in time for her naming ceremony.
Four crocodile friends enjoy a snowy day of sledding.
As they play all through the night, little lambs from ten to one finally fall asleep.
Henry Bear plans to search for his father, who left a park in Henry's care when he went off in a hot air balloon.
Miss Switch the witch returns to save Rupert and the entire sixth grade from the evil Saturna, who is operating a sinister web site and has installed her brother as principal of the school.
Brother and Sister Bear and their cousin, Fred, plan a dog show for the annual church fair that has everyone in Beartown excited, including Too-Tall and his gang, who have a plan for stirring things up.
Great Aunt Lucy tells a story of her days as a slave, when she and her brother, Albert, learned the quilt code to help direct other slaves and, eventually, Albert himself, to freedom in the North.
The adventures of the three Darling children in Never-Never Land with Peter Pan, the boy who would not grow up.
Follows the first year in the life of a duck that is born on the Canadian prairie, flies south along the Mississippi River, is injured and cared for, before returning home.
A young girl feels resentful when her father buys a new car and starts to date, even though her mother has been dead for more than a year.
Stewart wants to be a real artist and takes the early morning bus to the jungle to paint wild animals.
A mother tries to guess what is wriggling and giggling under the blanket on her son's bed.
When the youngest rooster on the hill decides it is his duty to bring up the moon by crowing loudly each night, the people living nearby dream of rooster soup.
Hoping to earn a trip to an amusement park, the three Morgan children agree to take care of a chicken that their father plans to give their mother as a birthday surprise.
When an awkward duckling named Otis assumes a new identity as Jack Quack, Renegade Drake, he wins new respect from his family and friends.
When Gregory is unkind to a new classmate, the teacher assigns a science fair project on compassion.
A beautiful chameleon tells the story of courageous Queen Esther and her struggle to save her people.
Tired of reflecting the customers at Mr. Topper's Hat Store, Otto manages to escape and have the adventures he had always dreamed of having.
A little girl walking in the woods finds the house of the three bears and helps herself to their belongings.
A young girl learns that it is wrong to always focus on what others do wrong and with Jesus' help, she learns to see the good in family and friends.
Although it makes his parents a little uneasy, Walter's favorite person is his Uncle Roy, a pirate.
A mother expresses her love for her child.
Two friends try to prove that size and race do not matter when playing hockey or any other sport.
After the sudden death of their parents, the three Baudelaire children must depend on each other and their wits when it turns out that the distant relative who is appointed their guardian is determined to use any means necessary to get their fortune.
A collection of stories about six different young people who each experience a life-changing event.
This Italian-American Newbery Medalist presents a humorous account of his childhood and youth in Norristown, Pennsylvania.
While in Cairo for an international environmental summit, the MacGregors discover ancient artifacts in the shifting sands of the Sahara that could lead to a major war and change the face of the Middle East forever.
When Aaron was a boy his Grandpa, or Zayde, would not teach him Yiddish, but as an adult, Aaron longs to learn the language and history of the old country from Zayde and his many books.
Scatterbrain Sam finds true love while gathering ingredients for the mysterious glue stew that is supposed to make him smarter.
An ugly duckling spends an unhappy year ostracized by the other animals before he grows into a beautiful swan.
When orphaned Dave is sent to the Hebrew Home for Boys where he is treated cruelly, he sneaks out at night and is welcomed into the music- and culture-filled world of the Harlem Renaissance.
The jazzy alphabet boogies and sings, making hot, cool, pizzazzy street-jammin' jazz.
On his first Viking raid, seventeen-year-old Lidsmod sails on the ship Raven, joining his comrades as they destroy and plunder villages in medieval England and take an Anglo-Saxon boy as captive.
Although Gita misses her grandmother and her grandmother's garden in India, she discovers a new friend and a new garden at her next door neighbor's house.
Alex calms his younger brother when they hear strange noises at bedtime, but is he brave enough to cross the cold floor of their dark room when a feet-grabbing, toe-eating, noise-making "something" might get him?
The fictional diary of a nine-year-old boy who, in 1716 sets off from North Carolina to become a sailor, but ends up a pirate instead.
Four stories about a young girl whose magic tricks do not always turn out as she had hoped.
Webster J. Duck turns to several animals when he tries to find his mother.
With the help of some friends and a Tejano hero that he discovers in history class, thirteen-year-old Trino copes with his problems and his world.
An anthology of medieval children's literature, arranged in various categories and interspersed with scholarly commentary.
When the shelter where he and Tiny volunteer fills up with injured fawns and rabbits, eleven-year-old Les and his friends in the New Sugar Creek Gang try to discover what kind of wild animals are attacking them.
Bo bakes a full moon cake as a surprise for his friend Annie, but the outcome is unexpected.
Twelve-year-old Marco's love for travel and for his younger sister Lilly, who has psychic powers, leads him to journey to other universes, gaining the ability to go wherever he wishes without growing old.
Jason's plots to get Rachel kicked out of school keep getting turned against him until, in an art therapy class, he learns something about her home life that makes him see her rude behavior in a new light.
After Greta, a naughty witch, causes trouble by casting a spell that drains all color from the world, she must team up with Alice, a kind witch, to set things right.
Ben finds an unusual old bottle buried in the school yard, and in a roundabout way it helps Ben and his family find out what is causing some of the persistent problems he has both at home and at school.
In this adaptation of a traditional spiritual, the animals enter Noah's Ark in increasing numbers, from one elephant to ten hens.
Bert and Ethel go to Florida to look for their runaway pigs and find them in unexpected places.
A mouse scrambles through an obstacle course, introducing the reader to simple shapes.
A mouse introduces the reader to colors while painting a picture.
Granny teaches Reddy Fox many lessons about humility, selflessness, patience, and other virtues in stories about the animals that live in the Green Meadow and Green Forest.
A child slowly realizes all that is being missed by watching too much television.
A child describes some of the ways that show how much he has grown.
A child rhapsodizes about rocks from big to small and precious to commonplace.
Charlie is chilly all over and needs a hug to warm him up.
A child tries to pack for a trip, but the cat keeps jumping into the suitcase.
A snake, scorpion, toad, bat, cockroach, spider, and rat tell how they witnessed the birth of the Christ Child.
A little puppy wants to be perfect so that his owner will always love him, and even though he makes mistakes, he learns that he is loved anyway.
When Tommy goes to visit his Aunt Jeanne at her mansion, he finds a series of notes that are clues to an unnamed puzzle meant to be solved by Tommy and the reader.
Sara and Susan share tea, cookies, crab cakes, and stories about hats when they visit their favorite relative, Aunt Flossie.
When a boy who loves airplanes assembles a strange model of the first plane flown solo around the world, he imagines flying it through his town.
Three children--one who lives in the city, one who lives in the country, and one who lives in the suburbs--describe where they live and why they each think their home is the best.
On the first day of preschool, Daniel gradually overcomes his nervousness as he plays in the sandbox, collects leaves, and bakes cookies. Includes tips for parents on getting ready for preschool and a recipe for pumpkin cookies.
Two friends spend the day playing dress up, hopscotch, soccer, checkers, and other fun activities.
On a Caribbean cruise, sixteen-year-old Rosie meets a teenage Cuban baseball player seeking political asylum in the United States and tries to help him escape a charge of murder.
When she realizes that her new house is haunted by the ghost of a ten-year-old girl who used to live there, Charlotte tries to help her find peace.
Nineteen-year-old Kelly, ex-addict niece of a nationally-renowned Minnesota talk show host, has an unexpected adventure with the visiting prince of a war-torn Eastern European country.
Selected primary source materials and sixty interpretive study guides on the expeditions of three of America's most famous explorers.
McCoy buys himself a cowboy hat, which leads to a series of misadventures at the Bo-Dee-Oh Ranch.
Lewis and Rose Rita battle Ishmael Izard, the son of the evil magician who tried to destroy the world with the Doomsday Clock.
In this version of Cinderella, set in the Philippines, Abadeha endures abuse by her stepmother before being helped by the Spirit of the Forest and becoming the bride of the island chieftan's son.
Lynn wins a contest that sends her and her friends in the Sugar Creek Gang to a dinosaur dig in Arizona, but they become suspects when equipment disappears.
A young boy is frightened by the monsters that show up in his room at bedtime, until his parents show him how to get rid of them.
A collection of nearly 300 nursery rhymes accompanied by a section with background and suggestions for using the rhymes.
Egged on by the cat next door, a chicken from the city visits the country to see what she's been missing, and finds that it's not "all it's cracked up to be."
At first Stuart is afraid of Bookworm the library owl, but they become friends when Stuart says he will help Bookworm learn to read.
Thirteen-year-old fraternal twins Dallas and Florida have grown up in a terrible orphanage but their lives change forever when an eccentric but sweet older couple invites them each on an adventure, beginning in an almost magical place called Ruby Holler.
As ever growing numbers of animals visit a watering hole, introducing the numbers from one to ten, the water dwindles.
Rhyming verses trace the events leading up to the first Thanksgiving Day.
Although she is mistreated by her stepmother and stepsisters, a kind-hearted young woman manages to attend the palace ball with the help of her fairy godmother.
Rosie is happy to be smack dab in the middle of her large family, but sometimes she feels neglected or ignored.
Pa and his family pack up their belongings and undertake the difficult journey to a new life in the West.
Over the course of a week, the wind plays havoc all around Annabelle's farm.
Al Dente's invention of a portable pasta machine turns him into a superhero and helps to save the family fresh pasta business.
Willy and Carlos, who is in a wheelchair, receive a visit from Santa on Christmas Eve, even though they live on the nineteenth floor of their building.
In the fall, Mrs. Gourd and her class take a field trip to the Mighty Mart, where they see plenty of math in action.
A wealthy rancher is so certain of the honesty of his foreman that he wagers his ranch.
All the animals in the jungle have a grand time at the annual Jamboree Day.
Juli's friend Shannon is lured into a frightening cult by a self-proclaimed prophet called Lord Leopold.
After describing some of the traditions of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year, to her cousin from Russia, Sophie learns about trust and forgiveness.
Bat wakes up, flies into the night, uses the echoes of her voice to navigate, hunts for her supper, and returns to her roost to feed her baby.
Charlie helps Lola get ready for bed, despite the tigers, whales, and other animals that serve as obstacles.
A young boy who is afraid of the operation that can help him get well learns to overcome his fear with the help of a caring nurse.
Mole is so taken with the beauty of the moon that he tries to get it from the sky, but eventually learns to appreciate it where it is.
As young King Lionel turns the pages of his magical book, a hungry red dragon and other creatures in the illustrations come to life.
A girl tries to follow her uncle's instructions for getting her puppy Pendoodle to open his eyes.
Now that young William  has learned to walk, his parents, brother and sisters can't seem to keep track of him, and nothing in the house is safe.
Beeper Alien paints a picture of a house, counts things in space, bakes, and flies in patterns.
Doug, Paolo, and their friends, members of the support crew for the Orly Mann Racing Team, attend a drag race and a stock car race in California, and depend on their faith in God to deal with various people there.
When Squeak the elephant decides to go outside for a picnic he prepares himself for any eventuality, which turns out to be a good idea.
Animal friends discover that the horrible monster in the pond is really a rainbow trout.
A parent tells a child how special she is, both to the parent and to God.
When Amos the hippopotamus advertises for a bird to help him with his bug problem, the tick bird who answers his ad creates a different set of problems for him by building a nest on Amos's head.
When Mr. Lincoln, "the coolest principal in the whole world," discovers that Eugene, the school bully, knows a lot about birds, he uses this interest to help Eugene overcome his intolerance.
By viewing a detail from a photograph that is revealed on the following page, the reader is invited to guess which place Baby is visiting in the neighborhood.
The faeries of Knockabeg become involved in the Irish potato famine as they wage war on each other.
In her diary for 1856, nine-year-old Meg describes the long, dangerous journey she and her younger brother make from Missouri to Kansas, as well as the new life they find there.
In her fictionalized journal, eleven-year-old Minnie Swift recounts how her family dealt with the difficult times during the Depression and how the arrival of an orphan from Texas changed their lives in Indianapolis just before Christmas 1932.
Blossom and Boo get scared and lost in the woods when they stay up one night to see what happens while everyone is sleeping.
Two owls who enjoy playing together never express their feelings for one another until they are separated by a storm.
In the mid-eighteenth century, an unsavory character and his simpleton son become involved in the lives of a wealthy English family when that family's eldest son is disinherited because of his love of music.
When he is wrongly accused of gravely injuring his baby half-sister, thirteen-year-old Branwell loses his power of speech and only his friend Connor is able to reach him and uncover the truth about what really happened.
This volume discusses and illustrates the effects of the world's population on natural resources, land use, atmosphere, chemicals, wastes, ecosystems, and biodiversity. It is filled with high-quality maps, charts, and informative illustrations."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2002.
Follows a boy and his mouse through a busy day at school.
Slim the rat and his new friend Jim the mouse find that their yo-yo tricks come in handy when they are threatened by a tough, old one-eyed cat.
When Pappy bumps his head before bedtime, Olie cheers him up by inventing a super silly ray, and then they both become happy, sleepy robots.
When Mole overhears Buzzard's idea to have Rabbit and his family for dinner, Mole and his friend Shrew set out to warn Rabbit.
A rhyming salute to the many ways in which people enjoy music.
Halloween night visitors include a witch, a jack-o-lantern, an owl, a skeleton, and children.
Relates events in author Louisa May Alcott's tenth year, 1843, when her family moved from Boston to a farm where, along with an odd assortment of idealists, they try to establish a community based on equality and love.
Elmo, Zoe, Big Bird, and Grover are camping out in the backyard, but strange noises and shadows make them too frightened to sleep.
An illustrated collection of traditional poems and songs, including "This Little Pig Went to Market," "Brave News is Come to Town," and "Bingo."
In a magical land of giants and castles and beautiful princesses, Jill hears several tales about characters named Jack, then embarks on a fairy tale adventure of her own.
On the day of her wedding to Argul, Claidi is kidnapped by armed men in a hot-air balloon.
When their father is kidnapped and danger looms, the Strega-Borgia children, their mysterious new nanny, and a giant tarantula use magic and actual trips through the Internet to bring peace to their Scottish castle.
A necklace is lovingly passed from one person to another, travelling much farther than the Argentine gaucho who made it will ever go.
A mouse hiding under Grandmother's hat causes quite a commotion at her surprise birthday party.
A cat, three bears, a fish, a frog, a baby, and others look for a place to go to sleep at the end of the day.
Sixteen-year-old Cricket enlists the help of the Witches' Night Out coven to help her find the stalker who is threatening her family's farm.
Arthur challenges Francine to a game of kickball to prove to her that a person does not have to be a great athlete to be important to the team.
As fifteen-year-old Jamie becomes involved in the swim team and Special Olympics coaching, as part of her effort to fit in and be normal, she tries to remember to talk to God.
Amber needs help from God when she is talked into trying out for the soccer team while being swamped with demands for the Web site she is developing for her school.
When his retired parents buy a group of tourist cabins on Cape Cod, fifteen-year-old Kenyon Baker's days are filled with repair work until he becomes friends with an eccentric girl and makes her the subject of a series of photographs.
A young girl and her out-of-work father ride the rails looking for a place to call home, but with Christmas approaching and no job, Poppa leaves her in a foster home, promising to return as soon as he can.
On their way to school, the little letters of the alphabet have to rescue little "i" and then find his dot before they can proceed.
Dot the dalmatian that lives at a firehouse accompanies the firefighters when they rush to a burning house.
Poppleton the pig makes a new friend after an icicle accident, creates a bust of Cherry Sue, and gets a wintry birthday surprise from his pals.
Lonely after the Big Bad Wolf ate his brothers, Dr. Smart Pig tries to invent a friend--with surprising results.
Jack and his tiger Lily live happily in an apartment building in the city, until a new landlord with a dog takes over and orders Lily to leave.
James Lee and Uncle Big Anthony become victims of Wee Winnie Witch, who takes them on a ride up into the sky, but Mama Granny saves them.
A collection of Christian short stories about such topics as over-protective parents, alcoholism, changing relationships, and more.
Tired of interpreting for his deaf family and resentful of their reliance on him, high school senior Theo finds support and understanding from Ivy, a new student who also has a deaf parent.
While driving to Auntie Dot's house, Junie tells her children about spending fifth grade there during her parent's separation many years earlier, when finding a best friend seemed almost as important as seeing her mother again.
Jerry befriends the class clown Danny and discovers disturbing secrets from the past.
A chance meeting with a woman astronaut encourages Gloria to try to be her best self, even with her difficult fourth-grade teacher, Mrs. Yardley.
The continuing story of the eight semifinalists in the search for four members of a new girl popular music band, who live and train together in Manhattan, discovering that their relationships with family, friends, and each other begin to change greatly.
A brother and sister recount their harrowing experiences as they sail a small yacht across the Atlantic Ocean, after their mentally unstable mother's boyfriend is washed overboard.
Fourteen-year-old Matilda, an apprentice bonesetter and practitioner of medicine in a village in medieval England, tries to reconcile the various aspects of her life, both spiritual and practical.
In this story about the perils of popularity, the courage of nonconformity, and the thrill of first love, an eccentric student named Stargirl changes Mica High School forever.
An innkeeper's son finds a treasure map that leads him to a pirate's fortune.
Best friends Cassie and Emmy venture into the Dandelion Forest to gather sunshine lemonade.
An illustrated version of this song celebrating the imagination.
Four friends search for treasure during a scout outing to California gold rush country.
Louise the stinkbug must face the bullying cockroach, Kiki, in a skating contest.
A young boy helps his mother realize how her bad mood is affecting everyone in the family.
Gumbrella loves nursing sick animals back to health, but she hates letting them go.
Josh tries to avoid eating the "mud soup" prepared by Rosa's abuela (grandmother). Includes a recipe for black bean soup.
Abandoned and lost in a strange town, Hank the Cowdog, law-abiding head of ranch security, embarks on a spree of fun and mischief with a jailhouse mutt named Ralph.
After being teased about his brand new loafers, Rigo puts them away for so long he grows out of them.
A Cajun version of the well-known tale in which two children are left in the woods but find their way home despite an encounter with a wicked witch.
When the carousel animals are taken prisoner by the evil Reptillian, they turn for help to the Great White Tiger, who made the Land of Gnoo.
Pumpkinhead sets out to see if the rest of the world is the same as Pumpkintown, but because of some tricky squirrels, neither he nor the rest of his town finds out.
The townspeople of Squawk Valley try to trick a turkey into being their Thanksgiving dinner, but are frustrated when the turkey tricks them instead.
In Alabama in the 1960s, fourteen-year-old Francie develops a controversial and dangerous friendship with a "colored girl" her own age.
At Camp Wanna Banana, Joy must endure the crazy behavior of her twin brother Jake.
When a thief takes the box office money at the school play, Cam uses her photographic memory to solve the mystery.
A counting book featuring dogs engaged in various activities, from walking through the city all alone to slurping up a fallen ice cream cone.
Elmo and his friend Angela learn that they and their families have stereotyped ideas about what red and blue monsters like.
Chip Hilton proves his worth to the State University football team off the field as well as on, when he helps a talented high school player make a big decision and shows two new team members the importance of working together.
Chip Hilton and his teammates doubt that even Chip's scoring prowess will be enough to help State University win the Holiday Invitational Tournament, but a seven-foot-tall junior might, so they hope to find a way to get him to play for their team.
Bear plans a party for the night of the full moon, but the other animals say they will not come--until they are drawn to the celebration by Bear's contagious singing.
A greedy cat grows enormous as he eats everything in sight, including his friends and neighbors who call him fat.
A prince who does not love anything or anybody journeys from his lonely planet at the far ends of the universe to a beautiful planet where everyone is friendly and happy--only to try to make them as miserable as he is.
Winnie the Pooh goes on an Easter egg hunt with a hole in the bottom of his basket.
Animal friends share their experiences with the five senses.
In 1958, Mendy puts herself in danger when she discovers that the Ku Klux Klan is planning to bomb the Highlander Folk School in order to disrupt a visit from Mendy's hero, Eleanor Roosevelt.
In this East African folktale, Taki the monkey teaches Baku the crocodile the importance of treating friends with honesty and loyalty.
When eleven-year-old Les and his family, accompanied by his friends in the New Sugar Creek Gang and an uncooperative young family guest, take a trip on a houseboat through Voyageurs National Park, Minnesota, their faith helps them meet the challenges they encounter.
Skip is determined to have a dinosaur as a pet, but settles for a related animal--a bird.
Pink, the daughter of the fierce pirate Red Beard, becomes a pirate as well and charts her own destiny.
When sixteen-year-old Monica and her widowed father go back to Los Angeles, reluctantly moving from a wealthy neighborhood to the barrio house her mother grew up in, Monica tries to locate a missing neighbor, and in the process learns about her mother's past.
In bedtime prayers, children bless all sorts of things, from hugs and birds to friends and chores.
With little more than a bedroll, a change of clothes, and a Bible, fourteen-year-old Daniel LeBlanc begins walking the Oregon Trail in search of his father who, according to a mysterious visitor, is in big trouble and needs his son's help.
A collection of traditional nursery rhymes rewritten to emphasize Christian principles.
The girls at the Professional Children's Boarding School all want to be stars, and soon eight will be well on their way as they make the first cut in auditions for a new all-girl pop band, No Secrets.
Stories, folktales, and poems, both serious and silly, about a variety of subjects. Includes related activities.
Simple rhyming text presents the everyday life of a young girl, living on a Pennsylvania farm in the early eighteenth century, who is quickly outgrowing her dress.
After sitting on the bench all season, tiny ten-year-old Zenon Kar finally gets her chance to play spaceball when Grebba, the star of Mars' best team, is unable to complete the championship game against Earth's finest.
One by one, five injured toys are called from the waiting room and sent out as good as new, until only one is left.
Recounts, in a series of poems and letters, Danitra's summer at her aunt's house in the country and her best friend Zuri's summer at home in town.
On the first Hanukkah after Mama died, Papa and his two daughters try to make latkes and celebrate without her.
Ord the dragon learns that finishing and not necessarily winning is the best part of being in a race.
Cookie Monster describes some of the foods he likes to eat.
Elmo introduces the numbers from one to ten.
When fifteen-year-old Bobby wakes up and finds himself invisible, he and his parents and his new blind friend Alicia try to find out what caused his condition and how to reverse it.
A retelling, set in the Art Deco period of the 1930s, of the familiar story of a girl who is  mistreated by her stepmother and stepsisters, but still manages to meet her prince with the help of a fairy godmother.
Their usual silliness reigns as the eccentric Peterkin family prepares for Christmas.
Grandma teaches a young girl how to call sleep ponies to ride with her in dreams at night.
Photographs, drawings, and text introduce the architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright and examine the architectural principles evident in his work.
This book tells how peanuts are planted, grown, and harvested.
While traveling to Chattanooga, Tennessee, Harry the hopping mouse gets separated from his family and visits many local attractions while trying to reach the historic train where they will be staying.
Describes the boyhood of Henry M. "Pete" Lee, a cowboy and farmer who grew up on Torry Island in Lake Okeechobee in southeast Florida, detailing the settling of the area by his pioneer relatives from the 1890s to the mid-twentieth century.
Max decides to become a magician and learns that making people laugh is as important as performing successful magic tricks.
A young girl's diary reveals some insights into the Civil War in North Carolina.
Jimmy McNeil is "a twelve-year-old Little Leaguer growing up in Yonkers, New York, during the mid-1970.  Through a chance of fate Jimmy obtains an original 1923 Yankee Stadium seat, the one and only seat that survived the historic renovation of modern sport's most decorated coliseum.  This seat allows Jimmy to experience events and see individuals he had only heard about through his parents, grandparents, and the media.  It also holds the key to his future if he can unlock the secret of box seat A1-33." -- back cover.
PeeWee Pipes, a young skunk, is asked by his butterfly friend why PeeWee hasn't eaten him yet. He gives his friend playful answers, but when a flying squirrel arrives, he must give the butterfly a truthful answer.
Presents the importance of reading, writing and reciting.
Evocative photographs of trees suggestive of objects, animals, feelings, or ideas.
Meg's brother has lost a priceless family heirloom somewhere along Main Street. The reader may search the pictures for key clues to solve the case along with Meg.
A collection of twenty-eight tales about Birbal, the wise minister to Akbar, Mughal emperor of sixteenth-century India.
"Chrisman's Boy Company relates the heroic service of a company of seventeen year-old cavalrymen from the Shenandoah Valley in the last desperate year of the American Civil War."
Presents a plot synopsis, character sketches, and quotations from each of ten plays, plus a brief biography of William Shakespeare.
A new version of the "This Little Piggy" verse in which reindeer buy and wrap gifts, bake and eat cookies, and wish everyone a Merry Christmas.
When Cruella De Vil is released from prison, she tries to reform but soon reverts to her puppynapping ways and Oddball, an unspotted pup, must try to stop her.
As a boy and girl walk through a haunted house on Halloween, the spooky creatures there treat them to a variety of knock-knock jokes.
A young boy, bored with life on a farm, becomes famous when he swallows a rainbox, but he discovers that being a celebrity is not as much fun as he thought it would be.
Barney the purple dinosaur and his friends decide what they will be for Halloween.
Tells the story of four-time World Champion skater and Olympic gold medalist, Ekaterina Gordeeva.
Determined not to be outdone by her brothers in seeking a fortune in the world, a young princess sets out to find a prince to rescue.
Thomas and his friends introduce words that pertain to the world of trains.
As two friends explore a spooky house and bring home an unusual pet, the reader is invited to consider whether he or she might do the same.
When his snowman comes to life, a little boy invites him home and in return is taken on a flight high above the countryside.
Illustrations of Sesame Street favorites including Grover and Elmo, all constructed from different foods such as spaghetti and potato chips, accompany simple text spoken by each character.
Fourteen-year-old Tadashi Fukushima and his Japanese Canadian family are evacuated from their village near Prince Rupert, British Columbia, and  held in an internment camp where he struggles to balance being Japanese enough and Canadian enough to get along with everyone.
Slowly getting to know each other after being separated at birth and only recently reunited, fifteen-year-old twins, Alex and Tanner, enjoy their summer vacation together but find themselves once again in danger from the same criminal gang that threatened them in the past.
While trying to maintain a long-distance relationship, sixteen-year-old Erin starts to see the boy next door as more than a friend and with the support of friends is able to face some truths.
With her mother dead, her father not listening to her, and a classmate harassing her, sixteen-year-old Maya finds the strength to stand up for herself, with help from her friends.
Jessica is not the kind of girl who cheats on her boyfriend, and she loves Alex, but Scott is so amazing that now she is not sure what kind of girl she is.
Kipper the dog spends the day enjoying the snow with his best friend Tiger.
A delay in delivering the invitations to Kipper the dog's birthday party causes his friends to come on the wrong day.
Each double-page spread presents information about a country around the world and includes "Hello" in the language of that country.
Provides templates and step-by-step instructions for creating mosaic picture frames, boxes, and more using paper and other household objects.
During World War II a young German girl, member of the Hitler Youth, joins her parents in occupied Amsterdam and comes to realize that the war is about more than national pride and destiny; for some it means starvation, separation from loved ones, and gas chambers.
In 1171 twelve-year-old Hugh, burdened with a crippled leg since birth, is unhappy when his nobleman father, forced into exile in the bloody aftermath of King Henry's confrontation with Archbishop Thomas Becket, leaves him in the care of the monks of Glastonbury Abbey.
"English translation and first privately published edition of a valuable book on Japanese immigration and internment during WWII. Initially published in Japanese to a limited readership. This informative study, candidly and insightfully written, details the formative period of Japanese migration to Peru and, just as importantly, the trying experience of the author, his family, and 1,800 other Japanese-Peruvians who were interned in the US during WWII. Excellent memoir portrays Asian immigrant experience of cultural adaption in Latin America. Insightful foreword by the late C. Harvey Gardiner, who wrote extensively on the Japanese in Latin America and Peru, in particular"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
A scheming wizard turns himself into a rock star and tries to convince the children of Metropolis to vote for him to replace Santa in this rhyming story.
Emma Jo thinks she is the only nonmusical member of her very musical family, but when she goes to the Puckett family reunion she discovers her gift.
Shows the effects of leukemia and a bone marrow transplant on a young boy, his sister who acts as donor, and their family. Facing pages contain explanations for older children and adults.
Billy and his pony Blaze get lost in the woods with a storm approaching.
Describes the many daily duties of a corner traffic cop.
Pictures portray many kinds of cats, both domestic and wild, and simple text describes some of the things they have in common and some of what makes them different.
In 1170, orphaned twin brothers, one in service to England's King Henry II and the to other Archbishop Thomas Becket, witness the climax of a long-standing battle of wills.
A little green monster with plenty of hands can find all the most tickly spots when it's time for bed.
The night wind blows into the barn, causing a chain reaction of sneezing among the animals until they finally wake up the farmer's daughter.
Eagerly awaiting the bus on her first day of school, Tess learns the names of different vehicles from her older friend, Gus.
Traces the history of Zonta International, an organization founded by women, to promote the advancement of women socially and economically. Includes a timeline and photographs and list of accomplishments of past presidents.
After Jake is adopted from the shelter, he meets the other neighborhood dogs, and they all help a stray named Rosie.
A series of poems suggests to a young girl what different animal youngsters might dream about.
A mother kangaroo realizes that her six-year-old is ready to start home schooling.
Life changes for two puppies, Rosie and Fritz, when a young girl and her unusual pet arrive at their house.
Introduces the three members of a British rock/pop band whose first album included the chart-topping single, "Back here."
Collection of National Aeronautics and Space Administration documents on the history of man's journey to the moon. Thirty-two documents provide over 4,000 pages of material. Includes illustrations, drawings, schematics, tables, and charts.
Joe's decision to start a grocery delivery business to make a lot of money causes Wishbone to imagine himself as King Midas, whose fondest wish is to have the golden touch.
An instructors manual for the educational reform movement, especially as regards the teaching of statistics. Presents the point of view that students should learn the material through practice, and actually experience the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data.
Describes the X-33, the subscale prototype of the VentureStar single-stage-to-orbit reusable launch vehicle (RLV). Features the project's Critical Design Review (CDR), news and program status reports, color cutaway drawings, schematics, photographs, and a computer-animated movie clip.
Four tales from various sources, including Aesop, the Chinese, and Rudyard Kipling explain how the camel got a hump. Includes facts about the camel and its habits and appearance.
Presents selections from sources such as memoirs, eyewitness accounts, and legislation relating to slavery in the United States from the colonial period to the twentieth century.
Presents selections from sources such as memoirs, letters, and newspaper accounts, relating to the nineteenth century expansion of America westward to the Pacific Ocean by Lewis and Clark, Zebulon Pike, and many others.
Four-year-old Jennifer, unhappy when her mother's new job means she must go to daycare, uses an invisible bag of choices to help her deal with the separation.
Even though he might miss flying his own kite on Kite Day, Ord the dragon tries to help Cassie find her missing kite.
Young Nicholas, an orphaned chimney cleaner, has one more job to complete on Christmas Eve, and the kindness and red overcoat he receives from a stranger on that night influence him many years later.
A boy tells his mother all the things he would do for her if he had a real snowplow, tree spade, bulldozer, or other machines.
Until he makes a new friend, Bernard the elephant doesn't want to stay on his first day of preschool, but his parents and grandmother don't want to leave when they discover how much fun school can be.
Presents a guided tour of the Oklahoma State Capitol, describing the legislature, architecture, artwork, grounds, and famous Oklahomans.
The author describes her life after she falls in love with and marries a Mexican man in the 1930s and moves from the United States to Mexico.
Answers basic questions about how rabbits live and play, what they eat, and how to take care of pet rabbits, and provides instructions for five projects with a bunny theme.
Kate, Annie, and Cooper are Wiccans-- joined by magic, bound to nature. Their dreams have turned to visions of a missing girl, calling to them for help.
Bunnies frolicking at the playground introduce the numbers one through ten and the principles of simple addition.
Answers children's questions about what new babies look like, what they do and don't do, and what having one around the house will really be like.
True story of the miraculous rescue of Joshua Dennis, who was lost in an abandoned mine in the Oquirrah Mountains of Utah.
After eating too much junk food, Pajama Sam has a nightmare in which celery stalks him through a lunchbox full of talking edibles.
Introduces a variety of animals and invites the reader to complete a statement about color, such as what color a ladybug is, using the color wheel.
Introduces animals doing or feeling everyday things and invites the reader to use the word wheel to complete statement about another animal that is doing the opposite.
A boy is kidnaped by a demon in Hopewell, Illinois. It happens after he is invaded by magic which the demon covets. Demon hunters John Ross and Nest Freemark go to the boy's rescue.
Explains the genetic role behind "modern" problems such as thrill-seeking, infidelity, eating disorders, and addiction.
In this collection of  three previously published chapter books, the principal asks Arthur to take home a large envelope marked "confidential," Arthur and his friends devise a plan to get banned books back in the library, and Arthur worries about playing little league baseball.
Cowboy Small takes good care of his horse, rides the range, helps in the roundup, and rides a bucking bronco.
Throughout the year, Farmer Small stays busy on his farm as he prepares his crops, harvests apples, chops wood, and cares for his cows, pigs, and chickens.
Children learn about valentines and ways of saying "I love you" by using M&M's brand chocolate candies.
Explains the rewards and responsibilities of friendship.
A photo essay about a police dog and his human partner at work and play.
Celebrates the beginning of womanhood as marked by the first menstrual cycle through poems, quotations and other writings, and includes questions and blank journal pages for reflection.
Illustrations and simple text show a variety of things that are black, white, or both.
Profiles John Glenn, the first American to orbit the earth, featuring his childhood and youth in Ohio, his military career, political life, and return to space in 1998.
At school, a group of young children and their teacher tell about the many different kinds of families in which they live. Includes activities for learning more about one's own family and heritage.
A visit to summer Camp Lotsafun is shown as knock-knock jokes with lift-the-flap answers.
Program includes three puppet plays or skits and nine active games designed to teach conflict-resolution skills to elementary students.
"This friendly, affordable guide to some 1,700 museums with art collections is a perfect resource to hand the art lover who wants to know what museums and other public exhibition spaces to visit in an area. Entries are arranged by state and city, and include basic information about fees, hours, activities, Web sites, and a description of the collections, facilities, a bit of history, and any special points of interest. Handy maps showing museum locations introduce each state section, and inviting photographs accompany most entries."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2002.
When selfish Emperor Kuzco turns into a llama because of a mixup in magic potions, he must prove that he has mended his ways before returning to his human form.
Provides facts about specific monster trucks, from Bigfoot to the current favorites, as well as the kinds of stunts for which they are used.
Provides facts about race cars, including stock cars, formula one cars, and dragsters, and introduces some famous races.
Contains more than 2,000 entries ranging from short definitions to major overviews of concepts in all areas of science.
When Arthur and his friends buddy up to train for a race that will raise money for their school's literacy drive, Fern seems uninterested in winning or even improving her speed.
Unhappy with his nose, Arthur visits the rhinologist to get a new one.
An African American mother expresses the joy and delight that her son brings to her in the different seasons of the year.
"Sheena loves playing with her puppy pals-- chasing water rats and eating croissants at the Main Street Bakery. But now she has to spend her mornings with Amber, a prissy poodle who doesn't seem to know a thing about being a real puppy"--Cover p. 4.
Pooh, Christopher Robin, and their friends remind children to be courteous and to have good manners when being introduced, asking permission, or saying goodby.
Barbie comes to the rescue when there are problems at Stacie's Best Friends Club.
Angelica and the Rugrats find themselves in Camelot, where they try to recover her doll and rescue Grandpa Lou.
A practical, in-depth workbook that will help you grow in the marvelous virtues of love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfiulness, gentleness, and self-control inside your heart.
Winnie-the-Pooh, on his way to deliver a gift of honey to his neighbor Piglet, takes the long route and makes a surprising discovery at the top of the old bee tree.
A young lemur explains why his brother Aladar is so much larger than the rest of the family and why his size is such an advantage.
Piglet and Tigger have filled their wagons with things for Christopher Robin to give to those who need it, but Winnie the Pooh does not think he has anything he can give.
Mickey Mouse and his friends present a variety of trucks, from a fire truck to an ice cream truck.
After one of its members is banned from the school lunchroom, the Watson Elementary School Werewolf Club has lunch at Tom's Tibetan-American Lunchroom, where they run into alien meatballs.
Despite their differences, Mo the mouse and Ella the elephant are best friends.
Animal parents show their love to their children by kissing, hugging, and saying nice things.
Animal parents offer food to their children in various ways, such as "Baby skunk, nibble your junk" and "Little Miss Pigeon, here's a smidgen."
Animal parents describe their children's various bathtime activities, such as cleaning behind ears and washing hair.
Zak and Wheezie love to have fun but sometimes they get carried away by their enthusiasm, especially when surfing at the beach or cooking.
A Swiss orphan is heartbroken when she must leave her beloved grandfather and their happy home in the mountains to go to school and to care for an invalid girl in the city.
The Kaleidonotes help the confused instruments of the orchestra find their places on stage.
Simba and his friends turn over every leaf and look under every rock in the jungle as they follow the tracks of a mysterious intruder who seems always to be one step ahead of them.
Angela Anaconda works on homework assignments for her teacher and substitute teacher while putting up with Nanette Manoir, the teacher's pet.
Even though Nanette ruins the ice skating lessons of Angela and her friends, Angela actually tries to be nice to her.
Provides easy-to-follow instructions for creating a light box, blinking jewelry, spy camera, and other electric gadgets.
Presents general information about hockey rules, equipment, and penalties.
Milo tours Atlantis with the princess Kida, who introduces him to Atlantean animals, games, and food.
When Honey Bear does not feel like playing with any of her toys and cannot stop sighing, the doctor gives her a special prescription.
An alphabetical collection of a few of the artifacts housed at the Chicago Historical Society.
A girl describes what she and her mother do to get rid of the lice they find in her hair.
In the year 1200 in Cornwall, thirteen-year-old Martin's first day as page and squire to Baron Eric of Less Mortain is also his last when the Baron mysteriously disappears and his visiting distant relative and heir, the moody Sir Basil, takes charge of the castle.
English springer spaniels Max and Annie discover a magical artist in the woods who takes each of them on a journey of imagination to relive happy memories.
As Sargeant Sniff is preparing a Thanksgiving feast for her friends, she is summoned to Farmer Fur's farm to investigate a missing pumpkin.
When Winnie the Pooh and all his friends go sledding together, Piglet always falls off the sled until everyone cooperates to hang on to him as they go down the hill.
"Is Roger being haunted--or is it just a ghost story? Can Doug prove the existence of the fearsome Dougasaurus? Who is sending Doug mystery notes? The answers to these questions--and more--await Doug fans clever enough to follow the clues and sniff out the suspects."
Provides a humorous account of how a family copes with cancer and the side-effects of cancer treatment.
Five young girls are ready to take the world by storm with their singing group, but in the meantime, they face the challenges of growing up.
A murder mystery among the fox hunting set in Virginia. The victim is one of two candidates for the post of master of the foxhounds. The post is being vacated by the present master, 70-year-old Jane Arnold, and it is she who nabs the killer.
While searching for the lost empire of Atlantis, Milo Thatch and a team of explorers aboard the submarine Ulysses are attacked by a gigantic monster.
Louise wants a taste of her sister's peppermint stick, but Sheila Rae will not make it easy for her.
Minikin, the smallest lamb in his flock, tries desperately to grow bigger so that he can be like all his friends.
Because Creole is ugly, the other animals assume she is mean until they realize their mistake.
When heavy rains arrive, Rabbit, a day creature, gets his wish to spend more time with his friend Hedgehog, who usually sleeps during the day.
Children pretend to be various animals by mimicking their actions, such as jumping up and down like a hopping kangaroo, and slurping a noodle like a robin eating a worm. Includes facts about the featured animals.
A greedy hare insists on eating more than his share of the cabbages and proposes a race to decide who should have them all, while Muggs the turtle only wants what is fair.
It's October 31, Witch Zelda's birthday, so she and her chefs, the Bibble-Babbles, cook up a very special trick-and-treat pumpkin cake for the party.
Introduces the variety of color in the animal world while teaching the names of eleven colors through illustrations of animals ranging from the common green frog to the exotic purple bignose unicorn fish.
Introduces the variety of color in the animal world while teaching the names of eleven colors through illustrations of animals ranging from the common green frog to the exotic purple bignose unicorn fish.
Animals on the farm.
A is for Annabelle, grandmother's doll, B for her box on the chest in the hall. Learn the alphabet from A to Z with the help of Annabelle the doll. Each gorgeously illustrated spread features one of her favorite things.
In 1913 in Washington D.C., thirteen-year-old Francesca is secretly drawn to the cause of women's suffrage despite her father's vehement opposition.
Photographs of Barney and his friends with trucks.
When the alarm sounds at the fire house, the firemen jump onto the hose car and, with the chief leading the way, rush to the scene of the fire.
Presents six stories with Winnie-the-Pooh characters to help young children cope with challenges such as moving to a new house and adapting to a different babysitter.
During Jack the Wonder Dog's first day at Barkley's School for Dogs Jack meets new friends, encounters a Doberman bully, and tries to help a cat.
Mickey and Minnie suspect Clarabelle's new friend is up to no good after Clarabelle finds a diary that leads her to a secret buried treasure.
Hop the rabbit celebrates his first birthday with a cake and singing.  Includes blank pages for birthday photographs and space for listing gifts received.
Charlie the dog celebrates his second birthday by visiting a farm where his friends, including the cow and the chickens, sing "Happy Birthday" to him.
When Bonnie the kitten wakes up on her third birthday, she has no idea that a surprise awaits her behind the door of her parents' room.
On his fourth birthday, when Tony the bear helps his mother make the cake for his party, there is as much flour and whipped cream on him as in the mixing bowl.
Retells seventeen stories based on scenes from Disney adventure films, including "Tarzan," "Toy Story 2," and "The Rescuers Down Under."
Disillusioned, Cooper abandons the Wiccan circle and Kate and Annie are left without her. But when an illness threatens someone close to one of them, Cooper returns. Can the circle, once broken, ever be restored?
A young girl's wish to dance with a star is granted in her old age.
In the context of life cycles, these units use central science concepts to explore the energy, raw materials, and waste issues that are the history of any manufactured product. As students consider the trade-offs made at each step, they will learn to recognize the decisions made to balance economic, developmental, and environmental needs.
A collection of seven Christmas carols, rhymes, and songs for children to read and sing during the holiday season.
Standing on Santa's head instead of sitting in his lap and leaving some old shoes and a glass of motor oil rather than milk and cookies for his snack are just two of the unusual Christmas customs on the Planet Krelb.
Provides directions for making crafts, such as sparkly rings, sea treasure bracelets, and jeweled handbands similar to those found in several Disney movies.
Oscar the rabbit makes new friends once he is willing to try new things.
Selections from essays and other historical documents relating to the creation of the Declaration of Independence and its significance for the new American nation.
Uses letters, journals, newspaper accounts, cartoons, and more to tell part of the story of some of the thousands of immigrants who came to America around the turn of the twentieth century.
Follows the activities of an eastern wild turkey from infancy to adulthood.
Looks at the framing of the United States Constitution and its amendments through such primary source documents as speeches, records of the Constitutional Convention and similar meetings, and the  documents themselves.
Since Baby has no hair, her big brother imagines several unusual hairdos for her. On die-cut pages.
Ends of ribbon attached to p. [3] of cover pass through slots in each page and tie together.
Ends of fabric bow attached to p. [3] of cover pass through slots in each page and button together.
Flap of mail pouch attached to p. [3] of cover passes through slots in each page and snaps open and shut.
Zipper attached to p. [3] of cover passes through slots in each page and can be opened and closed.
The voice of a woman whose grandmother lived a long car ride away during her childhood, recounts the happy correspondence they shared.
Lift the flaps of a trash can, a flower pot, and a pillow, to discover what is hiding there.
A preschooler introduces herself, her family, and her surroundings, including her home, street, and town. Foldout pages illustrate related vocabulary words.
Maisy and her friends spend a busy day doing chores on the farm, including feeding the animals and harvesting vegetables. Cut-outs of the characters and a pop-up model of the farm allow readers to act out the farm activities.
Shaggy Dog asks everyone he meets to scratch him, but his back still itches.
When Holly sees a falling star, she wishes for a small cuddly kitten but finds a big scruffy cat instead.
When Newton the teddy bear hears strange noises in the night, he reassures his toys that everything is all right.
Kipper the dog and most of his animal friends enjoy a rainy day.
Quince the porcupine plans to keep an eye on Hamlet the pig when they go to the beach to build a magnificent sandcastle, but they get into trouble anyway.
Princess Kida of Atlantis and Milo Thatch, an explorer from the surface world, must work together to protect Atlantis and to solve its mysteries.
A young aspiring detective narrates the known facts of an unsolved historical mystery--the discovery in a forest in India of two girls said to have been raised by wolves--and challenges the reader to come up with a solution.
"The essential guide for vampire hunters!"--P. 4 of cover.
Full-color photographs of the landscape and people of the Arabian desert, with selections of Arabic poetry.
Miss Lollipop and the tiger set off in search of the tiger's birthday presents.
Urged by a wealthy couple promising funding for his paleontology studies, Dr. Alan Grant accompanies them to Jurassic Park, where they try to locate their missing son.
Urged by a wealthy couple promising funding for his paleontology studies, Dr. Alan Grant reluctantly returns to Jurassic Park, where he helps them try to locate their missing son.
An odd-looking creature encounters many animals with whom he has something in common while he seeks a friend just like himself.
When Miss Renee's exquisite dollhouses become inhabitated by a group of mice, she thinks she wants to be rid of them.
A storytelling grandmother encourages children to find and share their own stories as they sit together on a bench carved like an alligator.
A boy dreams of flying so he builds some wings and is able to soar above the cityscape out into the country.
When Ord the dragon blows out the candles on his birthday cake, his wish comes true, but the experience may not be as wonderful as he expects.
Cassie the dragon loves to dance but she must find a way to participate in the Bug Ballet without squashing the little ballerina bugs.
When Helga and Arnold both end up at the beach for summer vacation, a beautiful girl and a sandcastle competition complicate Helga's plans.
During a trip to Iceland, the Thornberry family becomes involved with stopping a lava flow and with helping some baby puffins.
SpongeBob and Patrick accidentally take off to the moon in Sandy's rocket ship, but when they land, everything looks strangely similar to Bikini Bottom.
Bored with life in the city and his work at the Krusty Krab, SpongeBob gives away his worldly possessions and sets out into the wild to live with the jellyfish.
In the first story, Angela gets to be in charge of the Spring Fling decorating committee. In the second story, the entire school thinks Angela has a secret boyfriend named Bob.
After she is made tiny by magic, Twig finds friendship and adventure with Elf, the Fairy Queen, and the Sparrow family.
Defines and provides examples of various forms and techniques of poetry, such as ballad, epitaph, and palindrome, from Alliteration to Zejel.
Of all things, Rooster has forgotten how to crow, or has he?
Walks with a grandmother are slow because there is so much to talk about and see.
Presents the story of how this favorite Christmas carol was created.
Despite her aches and pains, an elderly woman who was once a star quarterback dreams of being able to atone for the one big game that she lost.
Spider takes a varied path to get home.  Illustrates such prepositions as "over," "down," "across," and "between."
"When Windy won't practice her magic, things start to spin out of control! Can Cricket and Jasper help her out of this mess?"
"It's almost time for the big dragon show. But Jasper's dragon is all mixed up! When Jasper wants his dragon to go up, he goes down. And when Jasper wants his dragon to go down, he goes up! Will Windy and Cricket be able to help Jasper get ready for the show?"
A collection of recipes using Jell-o and Philadelphia cream cheese.
Present the lyrics of the popular Motown love song accompanied by photographs of babies.
Presents a variety of math games and puzzles.
Step-by-step instructions and tips show how to draw extraterrestrial life forms, cities, and space vehicles.
Presents information on how to choose a good book, sample book reports, tips on navigating the library, web sites, and other help for the student learning to write a book report.
An assessement that measures K-2 students' phonological awareness skills, specific activities for each skill, activities to make the connection between phonological awareness and phonics, a discussion of key research findings, and further readings.
A small fish sets off to become the biggest fish of all, only to learn to appreciate himself as he is.
Rhyming verses describe the antics of ten different dinosaurs, inluding pachycephalosaurus, archaeopteryx, supersaurus, and triceratops. Two wiggling eyeballs show through die cut holes on pages featuring each dinosaur.
While looking through the family photo album, four-year-old Laura Shu Mei notices that she looks different from her parents, and asks her mother why.
Preparations are underway for Santa's visit, but the reader must add M&M's candies to the reindeer, elf, gingerbread cookies, and other Christmas symbols to complete the holiday cheer.
A three year old and a four year old explore themselves and the things they like to do.
"Have you ever wanted a dog of your own?  Well, meet Bloomer!  You can feed him, bathe him, take him for walks, and put him to bed when it gets dark ..."--Cover, p. [4].
Fourteen-year-old Harry Potter joins the Weasleys at the Quidditch World Cup, then enters his fourth year at Hogwarts Academy where he is mysteriously entered in an unusual contest that challenges his wizarding skills, friendships and character, amid signs that an old enemy is growing stronger.
A baby describes some of the sights and sounds around him, including his mother, who sings "La,la, la," and Grandpa's canary saying, "Tweet, tweet"!
Simple experiments using common objects help the reader to develop critical and creative thinking skills by determining such things as whether soil or water heats up faster, and how different creatures react to light.
Lisa travels on an airplane by herself to visit her uncle in New York.
After the Snow Queen abducts her friend Kay, Gerda sets out on a perilous and magical journey to find him.
When Rancid Rabbit tries to take over Christmas by impounding Santa's reindeer and gift-filled sleigh, it's up to CatDog and friends to try to save the day.
"Unhappy how Debbie has been treating her, Eliza refuses to lend her big sister a special necklace given to Eliza by a village elder in Kenya.  Soon the two are not speaking to each other!  Will they ever be friends again?"--P. [4] of cover.
"Something strange is happening to the city's water supply, and it's up to Arnold and Gerald to get to the bottom of it.  But when they descend to the dark depths of the sewer system and see the Sewer King, an even bigger mystery unfolds."--P. [4] of cover.
Anne, an eleven-year-old orphan, is sent by mistake to live with a lonely middle-aged brother and sister on a Prince Edward Island farm and proceeds to make an indelible impression on everyone around her.
A novel about love, loss, murder and redemption, set against the mountains of British Columbia on the waters of the Inside Passage, between Vancouver Island and the mainland. When Seattle executive Michael Tanner makes a recreational sail into Desolation Sound, he encounters a tragedy that ends with the murder of his wife and her friend, and the loss of the sailboat. Tanner's efforts to resurrect his life and discover those responsible lead him on an odyssey of exciting discovery.
June and her friends Joe and Mike create a funny song.
Integrates history, physics, mathematics and technoloy in its challenge to high school students to design and build a working catapult system.
Challenges high school students to investigate the physics of boat performance & to work with systems & modeling.
Engages high school students in a problem-solving challenge to design & build a physical system that provides an optimal environment for plant growth.
Offers high school students a challenging, hands-on opportunity to compare the function and design of many types of handwear (from a hockey mitt to a surgical glove) and to design and test a glove for their own specifications.
A young girl wanting to swim is inspired by the story of the Virgin Mary.
A young baseball player is inspired by the story of Paul the Apostle.
As a child, Tom enjoys painting in the style of the Renaissance artist Fra Angelico, and grows up to become a Benedictine monk named Brother Joseph with a gift for painting religious icons.
Introduces the characteristics and activities of insects and other crawly creatures from A to Z, beginning with the ant and concluding with the zebra butterfly.
Tells the history of soccer around the world as well as in the United States, explains the laws of the game, and describes the positions of the players.
Read about the strangest, funniest, woolliest mammals that scamper, swing, or hop across our globe.
Based on author's diaries when she and her husband were stationed on Angaur Island after World War II.
"Mothers and fathers, teachers and jugglers -- everyone's aboard the night train.  They're all sleepyheads, ready for bed, ready to ride the train to tomorrow.  But the train won't go until wide-awake William shuts his eyes, too..."--Jacket.
Animals take on the roles of milkmaid, drummer, and each of the other characters in this version of the traditional folk song about the different gifts given on each day of the Christmas season.
An abridged retelling of the story about a miser whose life is changed by Christmas.
Unhappy with her part in the school's Spring Pageant, Irene decides to make the best of it and becomes the hit of the show.
On his way to the first day of school, Eugene the turtle gets worried when he hears a rumor that his new teacher is a "real meanie."
Snake finds that being different from other snakes can have its advantages.
Hortense is upset that her friends seem to be talking about her behind her back until she finds out the reason for their secretive behavior.
When Susan and her mother become homeless, she tries to keep it a secret from the whole third grade, especially her best friend Ellen.
Earth has been destroyed by the Drej, a race of aliens composed entirely of energy, and the human race has scattered throughout the galaxy.
"Neighbors are people who care about each other.  It's such a good feeling to know that you can give and receive help!"
Introduces the study of weather and how it is measured, and provides the tools and instructions for building a weather station to record data and make forecasts.
This book includes online and offline activities for children as well as ideas for further activities.
Introduction -- Beverages & Snacks -- Breads -- Desserts -- Fish & shellfish -- Meatless main dishes -- Meats -- Poultry -- Salads -- Sandwiches -- Soups -- Side dishes -- Index.
Pedro and his uncle are not accepted by the people of their small mining town because they look different and speak Spanish, but when tragedy strikes, Pedro and his donkey lead the rescue teams.  Includes Spanish phrases and their English translations.
Buster and his family, together with Mr. Fisher, a wildlife officer, work to rescue the newly laid eggs of a sea turtle from an approaching storm.
Dogs build a clubhouse in space, where they vacuum, clean house, and take baths.  Includes information about the construction and day-to-day activities of the International Space Station.
Toby the mouse, spends the holiday with family and friends.
Meet Toby, a mouse who takes flying lessons.
Toby, the mouse, adjusts to the family's new baby and discovers the joys of being a big brother.
Toby the mouse looks for his lost marbles and learns to count in the process.
A collection of tales about various sports, including baseball, soccer, basketball and the martial arts.
A collection of nursery rhymes and play rhymes with instructions for the accompanying finger plays or physical activities, including clapping, bouncing, lifting, and tickling. Includes music for those rhymes which are also songs.
Certain versions of the video game "Insect Invaders" contain a deadly virus that fries out hard drives. Who created the virus and why? It's up to you and the Digital Detectives to find out.
Eliza's promised to build a home for a young crocodile, but she's also promised to help her Dad, Nigel, find his Lord Willy-Nilly pen so he can finish his script. Torn between her two promises, Eliza comes up with what she thinks is a foolproof plan to keep everyone happy.
Through simple text and illustrations each letter of the alphabet demonstrates different places in Kansas City, Missouri.
When Tommy and Chuckie are entered in the Cutie Cupid Contest at the mall, they try to find a way to fill themselves with enough love to become Cupid in just one afternoon.
"When Mr. Simmons, Arnold's teacher, announces that next weekend is the annual Parent Day Tournament Weekend, all of the fourth-grade kids are excited.  Everyone except Arnold, that is..."--P. [4] of cover.
SpongeBob's ego--and head--swell when he is selected to star in a television special as the world's biggest daredevil, but hotshot producer Barry Cuda has another role in mind for him.
SpongeBob makes the biggest, sweetest valentine ever for his best friend, Patrick, but when a herd of chocolate-eating scallops threaten its arrival, Patrick may ruin Valentine's Day for all of Bikini Bottom.
A mouse and a spider pass by many friends and neighbors on their way to the store, where they find a chipmunk who is stealing and teach him the right thing to do.
A free-spirited Cherokee girl tells the story of how she earns an eagle feather for her bravery and what happens when she accepts the marriage proposal of a handsome Indian brave.
Fictional account of women pilots who served in World War II in the WAFS and the WASP.
Captioned pictures depict representative objects or concepts linked with the Jewish home, such as the mezuzah, Shabbat candles, and Passover.
Jane and her cousin Madison go out one evening to count how many stars are in the sky.
Zenu tries to sieze control of the magical land of Rairarubia. Once again sixth-graders Molly and Netty cross over into that land to restore Queen Romey to her place.
Owlie and his friends enjoy music in every season.
Curious George's interest in helping a fisherman catch more fish ends in disaster, but he is able to redeem himself later.
An illustrated biography of the woman who, in the mid-nineteenth century, founded Christian Science.
Text, diagrams, and fold-out illustrations present information about California.
The desire to read to her first grandchild spurs a high school dropout to face her fears and admit to a tutor at the public library that she cannot read well.
Katie's parents are concerned that she doesn't act as mature for her age as they would like. Then one day Grandma Rose takes them through her beautiful flower garden to show them a special flower, a rosebud that will bloom some day, but can't be rushed--just like Katie. Notes about people who were late bloomers follow the story.
Zoe doesn't want to go to school, and so she spends the day with her father at his office.
Big Bird and his friends have fun and keep busy all day.
A simplified retelling of how ten-year-old Mary comes to live in a lonely house on the Yorkshire moorswhere she discovers an invalid cousin and the mysteries of a locked garden.
Contains ideas for twenty-three active, outdoor devotions for families with children ages ten through fourteen.
Reproduction of paintings reflecting the Thar desert life accompanied with poems.
Winifred expects the next birthday party to be for her, but it turns out to be for her little sister Bun Bun instead.
A little girl describes what she does and what she sees in and around her seaside home.
Twenty-five pairs of twins tell their story. They include twin astronauts, twin policemen--one sees the other shot--twins with one body and two heads, gay-straight twins, and twins who first met as grown men. Twenty-five love stories.
[E]xplores the seasons through the changing weather patterns and the changing activities of both children and animals"-- back cover.
The purpose of this study is to establish an ancient historical Native American trade system within the midwestern United States and beyond. The theory presented herewithin is presented as a hypothesis to serve as a basis from which an exchange of ideas can occur to justify the existence of ancient artifacts found in the United States.
A guide of simple techniques for improving the quality of home photographs.
An olive tree, an oak tree, and a pine tree dream of great things, and their dreams are fulfilled when each plays an important role in the life of Jesus.
A collection of traditional tales, nursery rhymes, songs, literary excerpts, poems, finger games, recipes and more.
When tragic circumstances bring abrupt changes, the four Wilson children encounter new experiences on their grandparents' farm in rural North Carolina.
Belle Teal Harper is from a poor family in the country and beginning fifth-grade is a challenge as her grandmother's memory is slipping away and her brother and father are fighting again.
When Lucy decides to be less superficial, she joins Habitat for Humanity and finds that it changes her whole outlook on life and the people around her.
In 1860, fourteen-year-old Clem Fontayne learns from fellow travelers about important topics of the day, including the Mormon migration, slavery, and the Pony express, as he journeys from Missouri to California in search of his father.
Hildy the duck helps Ladybug prepare to sing at the Big Bug Concert.
Timothy Tib is a smart, lazy, soft, playful, curious, tough, terrible, hungry, and sweet cat.
In 1848 twelve-year-old Suzannah and her cousin Daniel travel with their families from the East Coast along the National Road, also known as the Cumberland Road, to the Missouri frontier, and a blizzard, bear chase, and other dangers along the way make them glad to have God's strength on their side.
Whisked away on space ships to serve as generals of opposing armies, best friends and sci-fi movie fans Walter Nutria and Yselle Meridian soon convince the aliens they must work together against the real menaces, Space Mice from Galaxy Four and their leader, The Boss.
Nine-year-old Asa helps his father by leading the mules that pull his canal boat.
Led by a cat on a magical journey through the deserted streets of Prague, a man comes upon some of the city's landmarks and finds the keys to his childhood home in three traditional Czech tales.
After a neighbor in her apartment building dies, ten-year-old Lily tries to find homes for his four ugly, noisy cats.
When her team is announced as finalists in the state Classics Bowl contest, Bernadette suspects that cheating may have been involved.
A young polar bear learns from his mother what he will be able to do when he grows up.
When a boy wishes for a real friend to play with, a number of inappropriate animals come to his door before a "just right" puppy appears.
Piggywiggy counts to ten as he adds ingredients to the surprise he is making for Teddy's birthday.
A playful pig introduces various colors as he dresses up like a clown to amuse his friend.
Grumpy Mr. Howlmeister, a feared legend in the town of Dinkerwink, has his heart changed by the love of a little girl.
Green Beret medic Alan Cornett arrived in Vietnam in 1966 and spent seven years immersed in the country's culture and its people. He tells a no-holds barred story of an American soldier who made sacrifices far beyond the call of duty, refusing to turn his back on the Vietnamese.
A story of a mouse and a wonderful life, curiosity, and the lesson learned.
Introduces the numbers one through twenty against a background of impressionistic oil paintings portraying gay and lesbian parents and racial diversity.
Amended and enlarged version of articles published in Bandwagon:  The Journal of the Circus Historical Society 1982 and 1999.
Elmo does not want his parents to go out for the evening, but he finds he has a good time with his first babysitter after all.
When Zoe, Elmo, and Baby Bear make music, spring suddenly appears.
After he is separated from his siblings, Freckles the puppy joins some "Big Wild Dogs" in the forest but decides that he does not approve of how they treat the other animals.
Diamond in the Desert by Myles Schrag chronicles 35 years of Connie Mack World Series excitement in Farmington, New Mexico. It is the first extensive look at baseball's profound impact on this unique region of America. Diamond in the Desert is a must-read for true fans and anyone interested in the limitless possibilities of the civic spirit.
Profiles the ten-year period (1987-1997) when the Badin High School girls' basketball team rose from mediocrity to the Ohio state championships.
Includes recipes, historical articles and pictures, and poetry.
Genealogy of the Mohawk Valley Bellingers and allied families.
Provides a way to introduce adoption to children, and reminds parents of adopted children of the precious gift they have been given.
"A respected retired criminologist picks up a pistol and shoots his wife five times as she rocks on her plantation home's gallery." The wife "miraculously survived" and gives this account.
As his ninth birthday approaches, Marky makes a lot of decisions about growing up, such as which of his toys to give up to make room for more grown-up things, consulting his extended family members--and some guppies--along the way.
As Marky and Missy and their parents head for Uncle Mo's ranch, they learn more than they expect about farm life and the difference between city and country living--and the kids get to know each other better in the process.
A collection of eight old and new stories based on Chinese culture.
The town of Storyville, Textus, a community of punctuation marks, eagerly awaits a new birth, but it has no idea what this mark will look like or what its job will be.
This survey of the majolica ceramic wares of Victorian England, Europe, and the United States presents over 550 color photographs with text and values.  The brightly-glazed ceramics include tablewares, serving dishes, figurals, planters, jardinieres, and vases.
Centred in Truth, written in two volumes bring the Swami's life and work into focus from many points of view - through biography and memoir, conversations and writings, reminiscences and memorial tributes.
The story of a six-week motorcycle trip to visit the 48 contiguous state highpoints, elevation spots.
The survival games continue when April must return to the island where the games began.
The story of Rose and Cicero learning to survive, falling in love in a grim time and refusing to become victims of the free enterprise spin put on freedom following the Civil War.
Examines the ways marijuana has been produced and used, and discusses the harmful effects of the drug on the mind and body.
A collection of stories of life in the late nineteenth century, many reflecting the Christian faith of the author's family, including tales of a homemade anti-wrinkle concoction, a visit that proves money can't buy happiness, and a hard lesson in remembering to put things away.
Friends in the Wonder Woods help each other learn to handle their emotions as Ric and Rac Raccoon get scared, Bruce Moose worries, Buford Bear feels sad, and HipHop Bunny puts on his angry face.  Includes a "Faith Parenting Guide" for each story.
Retells the Biblical story in which the shepherd boy David fought and killed the giant Goliath.
Retells the story of how Noah and the animals survived the flood.
Retells the Biblical episodes where Jesus is presented at the Temple in Jerusalem and later where Jesus remains at the Temple after his parents' departure, to interrogate the wise men there.
Recounts how Joseph's jealous brothers sold him into slavery and how he grew up to become an important man and save their lives during a famine.
Brief tales of wise and holy people who have lived gently with animals, from various countries and cultures, including tales of St. Francis, Buddha, and Siddhartha, and European and Oriental legends.
Split pages allow reader to create more than 200 outfits for Maisy.
After a plane crash, thirteen-year-old Brian spends fifty-four days in the Canadian wilderness, learning to survive with only the aid of a hatchet given him by his mother, and learning also to survive his parents' divorce.
Discusses the different motivations and special nutritional needs of vegetarians, the different kinds of vegetarianism, and ways to change to a vegan diet.
Nature-loving Andy proves his courage when he goes looking for signs of spring across the rickety bridge to where a scary hermit lives, and is caught in a sudden snowstorm.
Pa's homestead thrives, Laura gets her first job in town, blackbirds eat the corn and oats crops, Mary goes to college, and Laura gets into trouble at school, but becomes a certified school teacher.
Fifteen-year-old Laura learns that living away from home and teaching school can be a bit frightening when most of the students are taller than she is, but every week Almonzo Wilder arrives to take her to her family for the weekend.
During their first four years of marriage, Laura and Almanzo Wilder have a child and fight a losing battle in their attempts to succeed at farming on the South Dakota prairie.
Ten-year-old Maria, an orphan living on a crumbling English estate and mistreated by her guardians, meets the descendants of the Lilliputians on an overgrown island and they discover ways to help each other.
The adventures of the debonair mouse Stuart Little as he sets out in the world to seek out his dearest friend, a little bird that stayed for a few days in his family's garden.
Wilbur the pig is desolate when he discovers that he is destined to be the farmer's Christmas dinner until his spider friend, Charlotte, decides to help him.
The escapades of four animal friends who live along a river in the English countryside--Toad, Mole, Rat, and Badger.
Will and a small group of free people plan to destroy the three great cities of the Tripods before the arrival of a space ship destined to doom humanity.
After an October blizzard, Laura's family moves from the claim shanty into town for the winter, a winter that an Indian has predicted will be seven months of bad weather.
Ma and the girls follow Pa west by train where they make their home at a rough railroad camp and plan for their own homestead.
Laura and her family move to Minnesota where they live in a dugout until a new house is built and face misfortunes caused by flood, blizzard, and grasshoppers.
At the end of the nineteenth century, nine-year-old Almanzo lives with his family on a big farm in New York State where he raises his own two calves, helps cut ice and shear sheep, and longs for the day he can have his own colt.
A family travels from the big woods of Wisconsin to a new home on the prairie, where they build a house, meet neighboring Indians, build a well, and fight a prairie fire.
A year in the life of two young girls growing up on the Wisconsin frontier, as they help their mother with the daily chores, enjoy their father's stories and singing, and share special occasions when they get together with relatives or neighbors.
A collection of stories of life in the late nineteenth century, many reflecting the Christian faith of the author's family, including tales of a contest for the best handiwork, a pig asleep in a baby carriage, and a visitor without a name.
A collection of stories of life in the late nineteenth century, many reflecting the Christian faith of the author's family, including tales of a Thanksgiving visit from a stern cousin, a deceitful new classmate, and Mabel's first attempt to sew a dress.
A collection of stories of life in the late nineteenth century, many reflecting the Christian faith of the author's family, including tales of pride in a new dress, a special apron for grandpa, and a little girl lost while asleep in her own bed.
Describes psilocybin, LSD, mescaline, and other hallucinogenic drugs and discusses their dangerous and destructive effects.
A textbook study of the life and teachings of Jesus Christ.
Young Will Parker and his companions make a perilous journey toward an outpost of freedom where they hope to escape from the ruling Tripods, who capture mature human beings and make them docile, obedient servants.
Three boys set out on a secret mission to penetrate the City of the Tripods and learn more about these strange beings that rule the earth.
Three trees that dream of greatness are surprised by the way their dreams come true.
An artistic frog keeps his best friend's egg safe.
Presents Internet/Intranet-based activities that enable interns to experience work environments in various departments within an orgnization including human resources, management, finance and accounting, and legal.
A brightly colored snake challenges readers to a game of hide and seek as he hides among familiar objects.
A handbook for teenagers discussing nutrition, health, fitness, emotions, and sexuality, including such topics as body image, drugs, STDs, fad diets and hazards and benefits of the Internet.
Angry and humiliated when his sharecropper father is jailed for stealing food for his family, a young black boy grows in courage and understanding by learning to read and through his relationship with his devoted dog Sounder.
Simple text describes the life of Jesus Christ, focusing on His teachings, miracles, and crucifixion.
Goodnight to each of the objects in the great green room: the chairs, a comb, and the air.
A thirteen-year-old girl gains a much more sympathetic understanding of her relationship with her mother when she has to spend a day in her mother's body.
Introduces the culture and beliefs of an ancient people from northwestern Mexico, now also in Arizona, through line drawings and brief text.
To help her poverty-stricken family, thirteen-year-old Lupita enters California as an illegal alien and starts to work while constantly on the watch for "la migra."
A miser learns the true meaning of Christmas when three ghostly visitors review his past and foretell his future.
In the late 1970s twelve-year-old Dara joins a refugee camp in war-torn Cambodia and becomes separated from her family.
Illustrated text of the well-known carol is accompanied by a brief history of the real Wenceslas, Duke of Bohemia.
Each letter of the alphabet is represented by the name of a bear, whose special qualities are described in rhyme.
Provides definitions for approximately 5000 English words arranged in alphabetical order.
Twenty-five poems with short lines on such varied subjects as a lost turtle, a fence, the wind, jam, a witch, and bananas and cream.
Tom likes his father to read to him and his toy monkey, Pippo, but when his father gets tired Tom "reads" to Pippo himself.
Tom, his mother and his toy monkey, Pippo, go out for a walk in the cold.
In nineteenth-century Massachusetts, orphaned Jean, employed to sort out the family papers of a reclusive artist, becomes curious about the mysterious, long-ago death of his wife and the subsequent disappearance of their young child.
Verses describing nineteenth-century children's activities are illustrated by scenes which change when the reader turns a tab.
Discusses the AIDS disease, its discovery, causes, transmission, treatment, and how to protect oneself from contracting the disease.
Discusses different kinds of abuse that occurs between teens who are dating and offers advice on how to handle abusive situations.
Discusses coping with the problems of living in a single-parent home.
The boys and girls in the fourth grade devise a contest to sink their substitute teacher by making her cry.
With their father dead and their mother in a sanitarium, the five Larkin children set out with a donkey, goat, and hen to travel 85 miles to their grandmother's house.
Teri, a young teacher spending the summer with her sister and brother-in-law in Hawaii, relies on her Christian beliefs for guidance when she finds she must choose between three very different men.
Tess and Erin's teacher planned the perfect wedding, but  something's gone very wrong and the Secret Sisters try to save the day.
Hamm has fallen down the stairs and all the toys are counting on Buzz Lightyear to come up with a rescue plan.
By the time the Velveteen Rabbit is dirty, worn out, and about to be burned, he has almost given up hope of ever finding the magic called Real.  Includes a recipe for rabbit-shaped cookies.
Little bugs get ready for bed, have a bath, listen to a story and a lullabug, and count bugs to fall asleep.
Introduces Chadwick, a blue crab, and his various animal friends who live in and near the Chesapeake Bay.
After a cyclone transports her to the land of Oz, Dorothy must seek out the great wizard in order to return to Kansas. Includes instructions for making a toy dog, Toto.
Tess can't wait for spring vacation of her dreams: a trip with her family to San Diego, but when her brother suffers a serious accident, it looks like her plans are ruined.
When Kaylee's parents get tired of telling her to clean her room, it gets so messy that a dragon and other creatures make it their home.
Interactive book with places to add the dry cereal "Cheerios" to complete the picture.
Introduces young children to words and reading through familiar objects, such as toys, clothing, food, and parts of the body, as well as match-the-word and find-the-object activities.
"Just add imagination...and this colorful, oversized book becomes a playful visit to the world of Toy Story 2..."
Help Maisy set the table, feed the fish, take a bath, and get ready for bed. Match the stickers to the pictures for some Maisy fun.
A fifth-grader uses her photographic memory, her mother, and her friend Eric to find a missing reel of a monster film they go to see.
When German prisoners of war are brought to her Arkansas town during World War II, twelve-year-old Patty, a Jewish girl, befriends one of them and must deal with the consequences of that friendship.
Frog is playing hide and seek with his friends and the reader can help by lifting the flaps.
See Maisy in her red coat and her white bathrobe, driving her green train, and sailing on the blue sea.
Maisy the mouse sees one ladybug, two flowers, three buckles, and more.
The wolf gives his own outlandish version of what really happened when he tangled with the three little pigs.
Traces the origins of a granite rock located near the Adirondack Mountains and describes how it reveals information about the history of the earth.
Presents nine myths of ancient Rome, as well as an overview of Roman civilization.
It's time for bed, but Max can't fall asleep.
Recounts the adventures of a young English boy at Rugby School in the early nineteenth century.
Examines the elements that make up the physical world and the properties and behavior of different kinds of matter.
Explores the world of chemical reactions and shows the role that chemistry plays in our world.
A biography of the evangelist through whom an estimated one million people worldwide came to know about Christianity in the nineteenth century.
Follows a family's two hundred forty-one year history, from the capture of an African boy in the 1750s through the lives of his descendants, as their dreams and circumstances lead them away from and back to the small plot of land in South Carolina that they call the Glory Field.
As the only passenger, and the only female, on a transatlantic voyage in 1832, thirteen-year-old Charlotte finds herself caught between a murderous captain and a mutinous crew.
While going through the possessions of a deceased guest who owed them money, the mistress of the inn and her son find a treasure map that leads them to a pirate's fortune.
A crash course that includes fully solved problems for every topic, expert tips for mastering Programming with C++, and all you need to know to pass the course.
Animal and human parents say good night to their children, remembering what happened in their day and emphasizing God's love and care.
Now that the new house is completed, DJ realizes she's about to leave the only home she's ever known, and she's not ready to say goodbye.
After a plane crash, thirteen-year-old Brian spends fifty-four days in the wilderness, learning to survive with only the aid of a hatchet given him by his mother, and learning also to survive his parents' divorce.
The Tuck family is confronted with an agonizing situation when they discover that a ten-year-old girl and a malicious stranger now share their secret about a spring whose water prevents one from ever growing older.
The ordinary interactions and everyday routines of the Watsons, an African American family living in Flint, Michigan, are drastically changed after they go to visit Grandma in Alabama in the summer of 1963.
It's almost baseball time again and Charlie Brown is trying to get everyone ready for the new season.
Snoopy can hear someone eating a chocolate chip cookie and can hear chocolate chip cookies calling him.
In nineteenth-century Starkfield, Massachusetts, a poor young farmer falls in love with the vivacious Mattie, cousin of his sickly, demanding wife, and starts a devastating chain of events.  Includes explanatory notes throughout the text, an introduction discussing the author and the background of the story, and a study guide.
Ballerina Barbie teaches Kelly, Chelsie and Deidre a dance for the spring recital.
Provides detailed information about Transact-SQL programming and shows specific differences between the Microsoft and Sybase versions of the language.
When Little Polar Bear is caught in a fishing net which brings him to the city, the ship's friendly cat helps him return home.
While hunting with his father, Little Polar Bear drifts out to sea and ends up in a jungle where a friendly hippopotamus helps him return home.
Hopper, a young Arctic hare, decides that he wants to be fast and brave like the Easter Bunny, but he discovers that it isn't as easy as he had thought it would be.
Everyone in Morris's family is pleased with his Christmas present except Morris.
Colorful pictures illustrate how different animals run.
"Here's a look at the world according to everyone's favorite scaredy-cat baby..."
A biography of a young Jewish girl made famous after her death in the Holocaust by the publishing of her diary detailing the two years her family hid from the Nazis during World War II.
Miss Rozy and Mr. Man nurse a weak newborn lamb in their farmhouse and give her a special name.
Nancy and her friends try to find out if the girl who won the talent show is really a ghost.
Nancy and her friends try to find a hyacinth macaw which has escaped from the park birdhouse.
Pictures and brief text show wheels on various objects familiar to children.
In Cobtown in 1845, ten-year old Lucky Hart describes in her diary the frightening adventure she and her friend Fliberty Jibbert experience when they set out to rescue Oinkey the pig from the Ploomajiggy Museum of Animal History.
Almost-eight-year-old Winona, living in turn-of-the-twentieth-century Minnesota, knows she has a special red dress and lots of friends for her birthday party, but she wonders if she will really get the pony that she is longing for.
After Tacy Kelly moves into the house across the street from Betsy Ray, the five-year-olds become inseparable friends.
A boy climbs to the top of a giant beanstalk, where he uses his quick wits to outsmart a giant and make his and his mother's fortune.
"If only something would happen ..." the frogs wished.  They were bored.  Then with a great CRASH! something did happen.  In the end, through the help of a wise friend, the frogs learned to cherish the peacefulness of their lovely marsh.
On each page a large black and white letter hides colorful objects represented by the letter.
Baby's sweet dreams include flying, flowers, animal friends, and mother's kisses.
Stories, poems, essays, and biographical sketches examine American values, beliefs, and ideals.
"Original stories of crime and detection that were the inspiration behind some of the best-loved screen successes"--P. 4 of cover.
The adventures of an orphaned young man in Victorian England who is given a great deal of money by an unknown benefactor to enable him to live as a gentleman, pursuing a good education and fulfilling great expectations.
Help Pooh and his friends look all around in this lift-the-flap book.
Profiles 100 people who played an important role in the creation of Las Vegas, Nevada, from the first Morman settlers in the early 1900s to the business entrepreneurs of the last years of the 20th century.
"The crowning achievements of the finest teams and players in the history of the NBA"--Cover.
Intended for Java programmers writing applications or applets involving graphics or graphical user interfaces and is a companion to the book entitled, "Java in a Nutshell, 3rd ed."
When the Rugrats find out their new friend, the turkey, might become dinner, they try to help him escape-- only their plans don't quite work! Includes a simple description of the first Thanksgiving celebration.
Tommy is afraid that his parents are turning into zombies when they start acting strangely following several sleepless nights.
The Rugrats take a riotous ride on Stu Pickles's brand-new Reptar wagon and journey through deep, dark woods populated by a pack of newly escaped circus monkeys.
A comprehensive guide to the business, process, and procedures for writing music for film or television. Includes interviews with 19 film scoring professionals.
Join Cassie as she gets ready for a colorful outing with Daddy to the ice cream parlor.
Cassie counts all the good things that will be part of a special picnic that she and her family and neighbors share on their rooftop Tar Beach.
"For a challenging game alone, or a rousing time with friends, 101 card games is the perfect source for great entertainment"--P. [4] of cover.
"Professional historian and scholar Dr. Richard Bailey offers an examination of the contributions to American life made by more than 300 individuals, all of whom have ties to Alabama. Members of this diverse group influenced education, religion, civil rights, business, sports, entertainment, music, politics and the military."
Describes what life was like in New York City, then the largest city in the United States, during the 1890's.
A survey of the history of the world from the Stone Age to the present day.
A Christian morality course designed to be part of the religion curriculum within a Catholic high school. The course focuses on character development.
Follows the adventures of a group of ninety-nine little people who live on top of a mountain in Alaska, guided by the Worldly Wise Raven.
After breaking Little Bear's chair, Goldilocks returns to the Bear home for a birthday party in which she and Little Bear agree to always be friends.
Pepito, son of the Spanish ambassador, and Madeline, rescued by gypsies during a storm, travel and perform with their wandering friends until they again find Miss Clavel.
When the Spanish ambassador moves in next door, Madeline and the rest of the twelve little girls discover that his son is not the best neighbor.
Madeline and the other girls travel to London to visit their former neighbor on his birthday.
A hound rescues a schoolgirl from the Seine, becomes a beloved school pet, is chased away by the trustees, and returns with a surprise.
Madeline, smallest and naughtiest of the twelve little charges of Miss Clavel, wakes up one night with an attack of appendicitis.
Arthur goes to pick up the turkey for Thanksgiving dinner but comes back with a 260-pound chicken.
Accident-prone Mr. Frumble becomes a volunteer fire fighter. Book has wheels attached.
Book has movable wheels on car and velcro closure for board pages.
In 2044, Alex and his friends learn that the Lord will help them when one by one they become trapped in a mysterious room at the Superkids' Academy.
While searching for his parents in 2044, fourteen-year-old Paul discovers the power of the blood covenant and the reality of his true family--the family of God.
Abandoned on an unfamiliar jungle island in the year 2044, Valerie must face her deepest fears by putting herself in God's hands.
Because he loses his memory in 2044 while pursuing the evil agent who could stop a computer virus, eleven-year-old Alex relies on the Holy Spirit to know whom to trust.
A young girl shares pleasures and disappointments with the other members of a large Wisconsin farm family in the late nineteenth century.
Young readers play a game with Blue and Steve, in which each time Blue turns off the light, she puts away one toy, and when she turns the light back on, the reader must figure out which toy is missing from the picture.
One small girl's brave Highland heart responds to her father and the ancient spell his music weaves.
When Peter Rabbit sneaks out of the house, a little girl finds him and takes him on a sleigh ride to Santa's toy shop, where he gets into all sorts of mischief.
Presents facts, milestones, and key political and cultural events from the year 1000 to the present, highlighting important periods and inventions.
Presents tall tales about one of America's favorite heroes, Pecos Bill.
A sixteen-year-old girl with a steady boyfriend suddenly begins receiving threatening phone calls while she is babysitting and anonymous notes in her high school locker.
When their mother buys the family's ancestral home, a ghostly inhabitant enlists twelve-year-old Peggy, ten-year-old Rob, and their friends to solve a mystery and right an old wrong.
Hospitalized with the dreaded atom bomb disease, leukemia, a child in Hiroshima races against time to fold one thousand paper cranes to verify the legend that by doing so a sick person will become healthy.
The animals by the lake make fun of little Wood Duck for swimming in circles, but his uniqueness proves to be useful.
Join the band leader as he shakes his maracas to imitate the sounds of a snake, crickets, and rain.
Join the jester and his friends as they dance and shake their tambourines.
Join the drum major and his friends as they march to the beat of the drum.
Illustrates the Grammy Award-winning song with images of a world that becomes increasingly devastated by war, then begins to recover as people show their hope for a better future.
This book, focusing on money and finances, explains the changes that divorce brings to a family, including custody issues, child support, living arrangements, visitation rights, and other problems.
Alex watches the construction of a skyscraper on his block, from the day the empty lot is measured until the dedication of the new building and its adjacent playground.
Illustrations and text look at how dinosaur remains have been excavated and studied, what we know about how dinosaurs lived, about related prehistoric creatures, and how we know what we know.
Sylvester the cat, tired of being hit on the head, decides to rid the house of brooms but is distracted from his quest when he realizes he has a chance for a Tweety snack.
Pictures and brief text show young children involved in various kinds of play.
Pictures and brief text show many things that young children can do with water.
Pictures and brief text show many things that young children can make.
Blue and Steve are searching for shapes and three of Blue's clues. Young readers can lift flaps to help them find the correct shapes and the clues.
Thirty-two folk tales from Scotland, including Tam Lin, The Faery and the Kettle, and How Fionn Found his Sword.
Chronicles the joys and sorrows of the four March sisters as they grow into young women in mid-nineteenth-century New England.
With the help of the reader, two detectives search for the letters of the alphabet.
The reader is invited to join Rosie Rabbit in counting various shapes inside and outside of her house.
The reader is invited to lift paper flaps in order to help with Rosie Rabbit's preparations for her birthday party.
Presents color photographs of various facial expressions.
Sally Cat would rather stay home than start kindergarten. Little does she know that she is about to have her best day ever!
In 1775 fourteen-year-old Samantha, who should be wearing dresses, knows that in britches she can out-hunt her twin and out-sail her older brother near their James River home, but can she use those skills against the British when the American Revolution begins?
This story explains the existence of the tooth fairy and encourages good oral hygiene.
In 1743, thirteen-year-old Marguerite Ledoux travels to Maine as the indentured servant of a family that regards her as little better than the Indians that threaten them, but her strength, quick thinking and courage surprise them all.
Further adventures of the Malone family in 1940s Denver, as sixteen-year-old Beany falls head over heels for a senior, Mary Fred tries to get into a sorority, and Don finally comes home from the war.
The Malone family counts on sixteen-year-old Mary Fred for her strength, especially with their father away reporting on World War II, but when the star football player takes an interest in her Mary Fred hardly notices how much the family needs her.
During the American Revolution, fourteen-year-old cousins meet a spy who sends them to help defeat Lord Cornwallis at Yorktown, Virginia, an adventure for which they will either be named heroes or hanged as spies.
In fifteenth-century England, when his father's murderer is revealed to be his guardian, seventeen-year-old Richard Shelton joins the fellowship of the Black Arrow in avenging the death, rescuing the woman he loves, and participating in the struggle between the Yorks and Lancasters in the War of the Roses.
Discover the different textures of baby animals.
Brightly colored illustrations accompany a word for each letter of the alphabet, from airplane to zebra.
Mark and his dog, Spunky, experience the true value of faith, trust, and friendship when they go camping.
Toddlers learn about shapes while they touch and feel the round red cushion and shiny square mirror.
The friendship and loyalties of two twelve-year-old indentured servants--one English and one Native American--are tested when the English settlers of Jamestown, Virginia, plan a raid on a Powhatan Indian village.
In the early 1930s in Chicago, twelve-year-old Petey's family faces poverty and internal strife after his father loses his job, while, at the same time, his wealthy, older cousin takes on the dangerous work of a union organizer.
In 1889, after he and his family emigrate from Italy to New York City, fourteen-year-old Tony tries to adjust to becoming an American, while avoiding an Irish gang and befriending photographer and social reformer Jacob Riis.
Textbook for the course "Daniel and Revelation."
In 1923, fourteen-year-old Alicia Martinez is cast in an important silent movie role by her best friend's father, but near-disasters on the Hollywood set seem to be directed at her, and almost anyone could be responsible.
Retells the Christmas story in simple rhyming text.
The Teletubbies enjoy rolling.
Pulltabs, movetabs, wheels, and more enhance this interactive concept book about opposites as brightly colored animals demonstrate the differences between left and right, up and down.
Describes the sport of bike trekking, the equipment and gear needed, the techniques of biking, and the safety precautions.
Winnie the Pooh and his friends enjoy crafts, recipes and stories about Christmas.
A collection of Christmas stories, poems and carols set in the Hundred-Acre Wood.
Ten-year-old Angel finds plenty to worry about when she learns that her mother's new boyfriend is a clown.
The violent activities of the Molly Maguires in the Pennsylvania coal fields during the 1870's leave their mark on a family of Irish immigrants.
Discover the different textures of things associated with ponies.
"Details all the major fighter types of both the Allied and Axis powers, listing performance data, dimensions, armament and operators, as well as providing a concise history of the aircraft in question"--P. 7.
Presents the songs and calls of more than seventy North American birds. Includes audio compact disc featuring songbird concerts and solos.
Leads high-beginning and intermediate ESL students through cooperative computer-based activities that combine language learning with training in basic computer skills and word processing.
Emily and her rabbit friends hunt for Easter eggs hidden behind the flaps on each page.
Translation of three chapters on cotton-printing at Ahmedabad from Bulletin de la Societe industrielle de Mulhouse, no. 726-1967.
On Crocodiles farming in Thailand and its economic aspects.
Held in Rangoon, Burma during May 29-June 3, 1995.
Articles on human resources development in Thailand.
"This resource is ideal for patrons seeking information about the principles and methods of paleontology, paleontology in different regions of the world, and the primary researchers in the field. Dinosaurs as well as all types of animals, plants, and organisms discovered in fossils are included."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
Summarises investigations into improving the Retail Trade seasonally adjusted series by replacing annually derived forward factors with factors derived each month (this is known as concurrent seasonal adjustment).  Recommendations for implementing the change for Retail Trade are presented and the implications for other ABS collections are discussed.
Deena's mom is becoming a stranger to her daughter.
Mavis Boyd, Rachelle Calkoen, Kay Carter, Shirley Dobbs Signal, Lesley Ferguson, Joyce Harrison, Jeannette Hunter, Oho Kaa, Maringi Riddella and Heather Williams write about their lives.
"10 New Zealand women look back on their lives throughout the twentieth century ... The ten ... include Maori and immigrant women"--Back cover.
"An in-depth study to evaluate and appraise the funding, writing and presentation of contemporary opera and music in Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Ireland and Britain ... and comparing these findings with ... New Zealand ... Funded by a Winston Churchill Fellowship and Creative New Zealand Professional Development Grant."
Wombat auditions for the Nativity play, but has trouble finding the right part.
Consists primarily of national reports by the governments of twenty-five European countries and the United States.
A collection of eleven short stories focusing on the everyday adventures of Hispanic young people growing up in Fresno, California.
"This book contains useful information for anyone interested in building or renovating energy-efficient, quality log structures in Alaska. A number of basic procedures and techniques are described in detail to help even the novice log builder get started building his or her first log project"--P. 1.
"This event is a production of the LegiSchool Project: an educational collaboration between California State University, Sacramento and the California State Legislature."
Highlights findings that emerged when the Minnesota Student Survey was administered to 1065 voluntary participants in juvenile correctional facilities in 1998.
Highlights findings that emerged when the Minnesota Student Survey was administered to 3,791 voluntary participants in alternative schools and area learning centers in 1998.
Plan seeks to determine what data are currently available and what data are lacking to enable local governments in Michigan to create sound land use management plans that are compatible and coordinated with one another.
Alive with humour, this is the vivid story of a boy growing up between two worlds. With Girragundji, the little green tree frog, he finds the courage to face the Hairyman, the bullies at school, and also learns the lessons of manhood that his father teaches him. Winner of the 1999 CBC Book of the Year for Younger Readers.
A fun-to-read story to learn the good traits the Torah tells us about.
The paper examines the means to incorporate the use of market signals through prices into water resources management with the objective of improving efficiency in the allocation of water. It reviews a vast body of recent literature on tradable resource use rights as well as actual experiences with implementing tradable water rights programmes both in Latin America and in the rest of the world.
A collection of articles by noted journalist and economist published in the daily newspaper "Excelsior" during the period 1984-1988. The majority of the articles focus on the economic crisis of the period.
Study of the problem of water resources and supply in San Luis Potosi, with focus on demands created by population growth in the city and the increasing needs of agriculture.
"Este es uno de los tres documentos expedidos por la cancilleria pontificia, en los que el papa Alejandro VI [1492-1503] concede al cardenal Cisneros autorizacion para crear un colegio universitario en Alcala de Henares."--Comentario.
Includes bibliographical references (p. 149-150).
"Centennial edition of an under-rated short story writer and novelist, Roque's wonderful edition will help to recover this Salvadoran master of the esoteric and the oral tradition. Generally considered the best Salvadoran writer of the 20th century, rightly admired by Gabriela Mistral, Salarrue mixed the vernacular and the fantastic without disdain for perverse psychologies. Each work has a solid examination of variants by Roque, and longer works like El senor de la burbuja (1927) and the tales of O-Yarkandal (1929/1971), both included in vol. 1, put in perspective the avant-garde initiatives of other Spanish American writers of the period. In vol. 2, Roque revises and provides the fullest collection of Salarrue's folkloric tales Cuentos de cipotes (1945/1971; see HLAS 38:6579 and HLAS 40:6653), which complement the complicated and rich stories for which he is best known, Cuentos de barro (1934), included in vol. 1. Vol. 3, also edited masterfully by Roque, includes Salarrue's last stories; a short novel; and his longest work, Catleya luna (1974/1980; see HLAS 40:6652), written in the 1950s according to Roque, but published much later"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Anthology of articles on the life and theology of the martyred Spanish priest of the Universidad Centroamericana, murdered by a military death squad in 1989.
Historical and theological study of the popular Costa Rican religious tradition of the "Dulce Nombre", in which thanks is given to Jesus for his acts of divine intercession.
Historical and literary analysis of race and ethnicity in Joaquin Garcia Monge's noted journal "Repertorio americano," published from 1919 through 1958.
A revisionist history of political support for Costa Rican labor during the era of the modern revolution and an analysis of the influence of U.S. policy on domestic politics, by leading national historian.
An analysis of Nicaragua's foreign debt, including origins and payment system, education, development, impact on sovereignty, poverty and proposals for the future.
Historical analysis of a key agreement of the peace accords and political arrangements following the regional "Guerra Nacional" of the mid 19th century.
"This book is intended to be an introductory text, not a comprehensive treatment of the Swedish vegetation. [The editors] hope that students, teachers, nature conservationists and ecologists will find it a useful introduction as well as a source book"--p. 4.
"Twelve well-researched and well-written papers cover a variety of relevant topics concerning interethnic contacts and relations. Topics include the role of European ethnocentrism in Christian missionary efforts, Bourbon reforms and ethnicity in New Mexico and the role of minorities during the revolutionary period, the impact of shipwrecked African slaves on the indigenous population of Esmaraldas,  African slaves and the law in colonial Uruguay, the significance of ethnicity and class for women during the colonial period,  studies of national and foreign trade in South and Central America during the 19th century, ethnicity and racism in Cuba, and modern Guatemalan nationalism versus indigenous traditionalism"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Contributed articles on rural sociology and community development in Thailand.
Papers presented at a seminar held in Suphan Buri, Thailand, 10-13 December 1998.
On appropriate technology for rural development in Thailand.
On birds found in various places in Thailand.
Study on ecological crisis in Thailand.
Study on job distribution of provincial administration in public welfare work.
Contributed works on Arom Phongphangan, a Thai author and labor leader in Thailand; includes some of his literary works.
Hundred biographies of contemporary Thai authors.
On monkey training centers and trainers in Thailand.
Articles on political events in Thailand.
Description of Phetchabun Province, Thailand.
Controversies surrounding the Dhammakai Buddhist faction in Thailand.
Uncovering the Thammakai faction in Thailand.
Report of Ministry of Public Health activities according to plans and policy of new government formed on 26th July, 1995.
Life and time of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927; volume brought out at 50th anniversary of his coronation.
Directory of organizations, etc. working on environmental protection in Thailand.
Commemorative volume brought out at coronation anniversary of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927; comprises works on his activities in various fields and miscellaneous works on Thailand.
On central bankruptcy court of Thailand; volume brought out at inauguration ceremony of the court on June 18, 1999.
The Institute of Marine Studies, Burapha University.
Contributed articles on contemporary politics and struggle for democracy in Southeastern Asia.
On religion and sociological aspects of Thailand.
On economic crises in Thailand.
On world economic conditions with reference to its effects on Thai economy.
Study on community development in Thailand through society and law.
On animals and insects used in Northeastern Thai cookery.
Views on question of outdatedness of socialism and communism.
Life and time of Puey Ungphakorn, a Thai economist with special focuses on his role in socioeconomics and political aspects of Thailand.
Study on views of committee of Thai Senate on economic recession in Thailand.
Narration on safaris experiences by the author.
Collection of articles on educational reform in Thailand.
Reviews on new dimensions of Thai political structure in 21st century democratic world.
On science and culture in Buddhist perspectives.
On political conditions in Surat Thani Province, Southern Thailand; the communists subversive activities during the 1970s.
On puppets and puppet plays in Burma.
Folktale of Laos as depicted on wall paintings of Vat Chiangthong.
History of Thailand's foreign relations from early 19th century to 20th century.
Folktales of Lawa, Thai people.
Folktales of Northern Thailand.
Text and criticism on classical epic poem.
Etiquettes and manners for Thai children.
History of railroads in Thailand; cremation volume for the author, former officer in State Railway of Thailand; includes condolence messages.
Cremation volume for Sichan Nakhaprathip, 1924-1999, a civil servant at Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives; comprises works on concepts of Buddhism in Thailand.
Study on social life, customs, etc. of Tai, Southeast Asian people in Mekong River Valley settlements; with reference to their life style depicted in their folklore.
Criticisms on love songs of Sanga Aramphi.
Study on Jataka stories about previous births of Gautama Buddha.
Biography of Wichit Rotchanaprapha, 1927-1999; a Thai journalist and director of Bangkok, a Thai weekly.
On natural resources of Thailand.
Directory of consumers protection and welfare organizations.
Didactic tales of Laos and Northeastern, Lao speaking region of Thailand.
On Women's rights and sex oriented businesses in Thailand.
On foreign influences on Thai art.
Criticism on economic conditions of Thailand under the pressure of International Monetary Fund.
History of bicycles and tricycles in Thailand.
On socio-economic and political aspects of Thailand.
On unemployment and labor movements for job security in Thailand.
Social history of Thailand, late 19th century to early 20th century.
Collection of Parliamentary discussion as member of Thai Senate on economic and budget of Thailand, 1992-1999.
Reviews on capitalism in Thailand and its impact on economic and social conditions.
Mural paintings of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, the former capital of Thailand.
Investment plan for Ang Thong Province.
Final report of research project for 10 years sustainable development plan for Northern Thailand, 1999-2008.
Poems
About Northern Thailand.
Historical sketches on Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, former capital of Thailand.
Study on role of women in forestry at Nan Province, Thailand.
Research report on hygiene and social problem of construction workers in the North.
On traditional domestic architecture in Thailand.
Alphabetical list for correct pronunciation and spellings of Thai words.
On art of Buddha's statues in Thailand.
On food habits in Thailand with suggestions on dietetic food.
Mural paintings at Songphanuat hall at Wat Benchamabophittradusittawanaram, Bangkok, Thailand.
Biographies of kings and rulers of Chakri dynasty, Rattanakosin period, Thailand.
On handicrafts of Northern Thailand.
On handicrafts of Lampang Province, Thailand.
Handicrafts of Prachin Buri Province.
On handicrafts of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, Thailand.
On textile fabrics and traditional designs of Uthai Thani Province, Thailand.
On handicrafts of Ang Thong Province, Thailand.
On ministries, departments, etc. of Thailand.
Royal temples in Bangkok Thailand.
Canals and navigation routes in Bangkok Thailand.
History of important temples in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, Thailand.
History of processions and art of decorating carriages for processions.
History of national museums in Thailand.
On National monuments in Bangkok, Thailand.
Brief description of palaces in Thailand.
On handicraft industries development in Chai Nat Province, Thailand.
Study on handicraft industries in Suphan Buri Province, Thailand.
Study on indigenous knowledge for development in people of Pathum Thani Province, Thailand.
On handicrafts, folk art, and brief description of tourists sites of Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand.
On ancient pottery of Thailand.
Biographies of great Thai musicians.
On traditional festivals and customs of Thailand.
Contemporary arts in Thailand.
Contemporary arts in Thailand.
Traditional Thai social life and customs.
Study on civilization of Lanna Thai, the present day Northern Region of Thailand.
On Thailand and Vajiravudh, King of Siam, 1881-1925, and their involvement in World War I.
History of postage stamps and stamp collections in Thailand.
Description of Bangkok, Thailand.
On handicraft, folk art, and places of tourists interest in Saraburi Province, Thailand.
General history of Siam around 17th-18th century.
On Thai pottery and ceramic wares; chiefly pictorial work.
Illumination of books and palm-leaf manuscripts of Thailand.
On decorative art in Thailand; chiefly pictorial work.
On Thai elephants and elephants in arts of Thailand.
On goldwork of Rattanakosin period, Thailand.
Catalogs of Thai ceramic tableware.
On Thai food speciality in various parts of Thailand.
On relics of Gautama Buddha in Thailand.
Win Lieowarin and the political revolution in Thailand.
Cremation volume for Phon Akat Chattawa Doro. Sawat Sisuk.
Brief account on underground movement of paramilitary Free Thai Movement group in World War, 1939-1945.
"Free Thai", Thai resistance movement and Prasoet Pathumanon's underground movement in Thailand.
On Khabuan Seri Thai, free Thai underground movements during World War, 1939-1945.
Article on 1976 coup d'etat in Thailand.
The effect on society with the plan to dig Kra Isle and political dispute in the South.
Thai folk and popular music and songs; includes biographies of wellknown musicians and singers in the last 60 years.
History of Buddhism in Southeast Asia from 857-1257 A.D., when cities of Chaiya and Nakhon Si Thammarat, now part of Thailand, flourished as capitals in era of Srivijaya, Mahayana Buddhist kingdom dominating areas now known as island of Sumatra and Malay peninsula, etc.
Art work on seats of sermon and royal seats of justice in Thailand.
Life and time of Pinklao, King of Siam, 1808-1865.
Description of art works on gables of traditional architecture in Thailand.
On cabinet and lacquer work in Thailand.
Brief report on economic and social conditions of Ranong Province, Thailand.
Study on music of Nakhon Sawan, Province, Thailand.
Biography of King Songtham of Ayutthaya and his procession.
Report on drug abuse prevention and narcotics control in Thailand.
Cremation volume including Thai mural paintings.
Report on drug abuse and narcotics prevention action in Thailand.
Thai media views chiefly on water resources development under Thai/UN Sam Mun Highland Development Project.
Judgements of Supreme Court, Thailand, 1980-1984 on women and children cases.
Biography of Bancha Lamsam, 1924-1992, a Thai banker, founder of Thai Farmers Bank and brief accounts of Lamsam family.
Fictionalisd accounts of authors experiences with hill people in Northern Thailand.
Study based on objectives and scope of Thang nam = Islamic guidance post, Thai newspaper, 130 issues published during 1983-1992.
History and description of Wat Suan Dok, Chiang Mai, Thailand.
Memorial for Phra Khru Wichai Silakhun, a respected senior monk.
On social life and customs of Mon, Southeast Asian people settled in Ko Kret, Pak Kret District, Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Life and works of Phra Sirimangkhalachan, a respected senior monk.
Thakhinamoli, legend of the Lord Buddha's relic.
Report of water pollution survey in Nam Phong river, Thailand.
With reference to Thailand.
On Buriram Province and provincial administration, Northeastern Thailand.
Report of a study on cure Buddhist way in temples of Thailand.
Geography development plan for the northern part of Northern Thailand from 1999 to 2008.
Papers presented at a seminar on AIDS disease policy, norcotic habit, and environmental conservation in Northern Thailand.
In commemoration to Princess Consort Dararatsami in the reign of King Rama V.
Volume brought out at twentieth anniversary of Campaign for Popular Democracy; comprises its activities in last 2 decades and articles on democracy in Thailand.
Articles on socialism with reference to labor democracy in Thailand.
Thai and Khmer script used in Thailand.
With some special reference to Thai.
Papers and lectures by the authors.
Encyclopedia of Thai civilization, Northeastern Thailand.
Biography of Sisuriyothai, Queen, consort of Chakkraphat, King of Ayutthaya, the brave who fought a battle against Burmese.
Report on role of Department of Employment, Thailand in helping job hunters and promotion of employment related activities.
Report presented to Yasothon Province, Thailand for environmental plans and areas of investment priorities.
Evolution of theaters and performing arts in Bangkok, Thailand, 1782-1934.
On Luang Pu Thuat, a revered monk in the south during the Ayutthaya Period, well-known for his miracles.
On conditions of prostitutes and crimes against women in Thailand.
On Thai economy and need for change in social behaviour.
Study on role of armed forces in Thai politics in next century; development and changes; volume brought out on retirement day of Prof. Dr. Suchit Bunbongkan from post of justice, Constitutional Court of Thailand.
On public sector and need for privatization in Thailand.
Outcome of some Thai celebrities interviewed by author.
On Thai political system and self-government.
Calendar of Laos, 1994-2000.
On the 6th congress of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party on economic policy, politics, and government of Laos.
On sustainable development efforts in Laos, 1996-2000.
Statistical report on labor supply and demand in Thailand, 1995.
Statistics of age and gender of the elderly in Thailand.
Buddhist prayer book; cremation volume for Worani Sunthonwet, 1929-1997, a Thai teacher.
Poems submitted at competition held on the 45th anniversary of Laos people army.
By-laws of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party.
Guidelines for Buddist prayer and devotions in Laos.
Report of Lao Aviation International.
Lao-English terms regarding office practices and proverbs.
Ancient history of Lao.
Legendary folktale of Laos in simple prose work.
Lao language grammar and literature studies.
Laos folktale retold in prose from ancient verse.
Lao proverbs.
General information on political system and governmental policies for men under Lao People's Revolutionary Party.
General information on political system and governmental policies for women under Lao People's Revolutionary Party.
History of Vat Phabat Phonsan, Buddhist temple at Bolikhamsai, Laos.
Statistical report of construction industry of Laos.
Study on school buildings estimates in Laos.
Compiled anonybous didactic verse works.
Author's travel impression of Laos.
A quest on why Buddhism is not stated as national religion of Thailand in the constitutional law.
Contributed articles on Non-government organizations in Northern Thailand.
Life career of a Thai general of police, Chalo Ktthet, later imprisoned  for corruption involving a case of jewellery theft in Saudi Arabia by a Thai laborer.
On Buddhism and politics; with reference to Thai Buddhists demand for political reform in Thailand.
Description of Nong Khai Province, Thailand; with some references to its social life and customs.
Description of Nakhon Phanom Province, Thailand.
On Thai elephants and their significance to Thai life.
History of ancient cities in Central Thailand.
Description of Laos; an outcome of author's official travel in 1994.
Report on effects of Asian economic crisis on Laos.
Narrates the court hearing, trial of Rizal.
Author's account on his experience in the World War II in England.
History of Malolos in colonial period.
A brief biography of Filipino heroes.
Guidebook for trainer of legal advocates in Philippines community.
Philosophy of being human in the Philippines; collection of articles.
Comments on anti-rape law in the Philippines.
Handbook of legal advocates to prevent violence against women in Philippines community.
History of EDSA revolution.
History of Filipino revolts in Cavite.
Philippine ancestral houses in Cavite Province.
History of Marilao, a town in Bulacan Province, Philippines.
Social condition of Philippines women and their struggle.
Biographies of known and unknown families of Cavite Province.
Author's personal account on his experience during the Japanese occupation in the Philippines.
Policy for developing research and technology in Indonesia; proceedings of meeting.
Policy for developing research and technology in Indonesia; proceedings of meeting.
Policy for developing research and technology in Indonesia; proceedings of meeting.
History of Sulawesi Selatan Province.
Internal ethnic conflict and riots in Maluku Province.
Women's right, gender discrimination, etc. in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Criticism of Indonesia's President Abdurrahman Wahid's political stand in relation to religion.
Social security program for Indonesian employees of private companies (government employees excluded) and PT. Jaminan Sosial Tenaga Kerja, a state-owned corporation in charge of this program.
Police's actions in combatting boms, guns, and violences of crimes, terrors, etc. in Indonesia; collection of clippings.
Literary criticism of Tsamarat al-muhimmah, a Riau Malay text on law, administration of justice, and statecraft, by Raja Ali al-Haji Riau, 1809-1870.
Indonesian laws and regulations on the 1999 general election and political parties; question and answers.
Violence against children in Indonesia.
Empowerment of autonomy of local government and provincial assembly in Indonesia; papers of seminar.
Essays on changes in Indonesia's politics after 1998; collection of articles.
Critical analysis of a bill on political parties, general election, and the organization of Peoples' Representative Assembly and Parliament in Indonesia.
Village government in Indonesia based on Law no. 22 of 1999 on Local Government.
Collection of ministerial decisions on minimum wage, social security program for daily workers, Indonesian migrant workers.
Presidential decision on the implementation of the 2000 national revenue and expenditure budget.
Investment application procedures in Indonesia; ministerial decision.
Collection of Indonesian law and regulations on taxation, tariff, and internal revenue.
Politics, culture, literature, etc.; collection of essays.
Law number 25 of 1999 on local government finance & central and local government relations with reference to public finance.
Literary criticism of classic Malay literature; collection of articles previously published.
The role of historic buildings conservation in the economic development of Medan and Padang; seminar proceedings.
Relations between Nahdlatul Ulama and Muhammadiyah; collection of articles, all but one by Zarman Syah.
Poverty alleviation in Indonesia; research.
Social policies for indigenous peoples (adat communities) in Indonesia.
On the implementation of social safety net program in Indonesia; proceedings of a seminar and workshop.
Socio-economic conditions of women employees' households in Suralaga village, Nusa Tenggara Barat, Indonesia.
Social service for the physically handicapped and mentally retarded in Indonesia.
Role of social and non-government organizations in improving social welfare in Indonesia.
Biography and thoughts of Semaoen, former chairman of Sarekat Islam Semarang and Partai Komunis Indonesia.
Indonesia's occupation of East Timor, and the impact on the people and culture of East Timor.
Proceedings of the Universiti Utara Malaysia Seminar on Social Sciences Research.
Quality control and conservation system of food and food crops in Indonesia; proceedings of seminar.
Publicity of traditional food, food habit, etc. in Indonesia; proceedings of seminar.
Social, applied, religious psychology, etc.; collection of articles.
Reflections on cultural and political violence in Indonesia.
On health services managers in Indonesia; papers of a seminar.
Hospital management in Indonesia; papers of a seminar.
Impact of economic crisis on the health services sector planning in Indonesia; papers of a seminar.
Protection of children's rights in Indonesia in accordance with the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Theory, issues, and policies of economic development in Indonesia; collection of articles.
History of Universitas Gadjah Mada commemorating its 50th anniversary.
The Indonesian Criminal Procedure Code, with a commentary.
Provisions on industrial waste management in Indonesian laws and regulations; study.
Socio-cultural conditions, etc. in Irian Jaya Province.
Socio-cultural conditions in Aceh Province.
Nusa Tenggara Barat Province, Indonesia.
Indonesian insurance law.
Biography of R. Soekardi, Armed Forces' politician, former vice-chairman of Indonesian Parliament.
Poverty and policy for developing agriculture and rural economy in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Communism in Indonesia from Islamic viewpoint; collection of articles, previously published.
Javanese art and culture; collection of articles.
Autobiography of Midian Sirait, educator in Indonesia.
Socio-culture and charactersitics of coastal Javanese in Java.
The fall of Soeharto's reign, the former president of the Republic of Indonesia, in 1998.
Portrayal of women in four most popular Indonesian novels published between 1980-1990; research report.
Issues on the involvement of Indonesian Army in violation of human rights, riots, etc. after the referendum in Timor Timur; collection of articles.
Bima Sultanate in the 17th till 19th century.
Peranakan Chinese-Indonesian literature.
Reflections on hopes for the new century in Indonesia.
Collection of Indonesian laws and regulations with reference to administration of justice and procedural law.
Collection of Indonesian laws and regulations with reference to immigration.
Collection of Indonesian laws and regulations with reference to notary public.
Interpretation of HIV/AIDS in Indonesian press.
Growth of militia groups in Indonesia.
Economic development and reform of economic policy of Indonesia; includes rural economy, marine resources development, etc.; collection of articles.
Study on technical cooperation of road development projects on Sangkuliaran-Muara Wahau Street, East Kalimantan Province.
Evaluation on the 1994/1995 work programs and activities of the Departemen Perdagangan.
Minister of Home Affairs report on drug abuse prevention in Indonesia.
Criticism of Indonesian literature.
Essays on democracy and social conditions in Indonesia leading up to 1998, until the 1999 elections; collection of articles.
Indonesian economic conditions after the 1999 elections; collection of papers.
Political career of Megawati Soekarnoputri, b. 1947, Indonesia's current vice-president.
Anthropologic reviews on men, cultural and environmental issues in Indonesia.
Includes poems by Indonesian Chinese.
Parapsychology and superstition in Indonesia; articles.
Comments on the Indonesian Law on Cooperative Societies.
Trade secrets law with reference to Indonesian pharmaceutical industry.
Inheritance according to the Indonesian Civil Code.
Marhaenism, Pancasila, democracy, etc.; collection of speeches.
Political analysis on nationalism versus fascism; collected of articles.
Crisis and reform of socio-economy, politics, armed forces, etc. in Indonesia; collected articles.
Communication policies; reply of the Minister for Communication to questions raised by the 4th Commission of the House of Representatives.
Adat sea law of the communities on Biak and Raja Ampat Islands, Irian Jaya Province, Indonesia.
Activities of fishers' spouses in contributing to the household; research in Kecamatan Depapre and Demta, Jayapura, Irian Jaya Province, Indonesia.
Culture, manners, and customs of Sulawesi Selatan; articles.
History, society and culture of Sulawesi Selatan, 13th century-1945; articles previously published.
Socio-political, cultural and human resources perpectives in Indonesia; collected of articles.
Characteristics of human resources, economy, business and social organizations according to Balinese Hinduism.
Characteristics of poor family in rural area of Air Pacah, Padang.
Essays on federalism as an optional form of state for Indonesia.
Indonesian laws and regulations on population, citizenship, and foreigners; includes Jakarta local government regulations.
The role of N.U., an Islamic organization in Indonesia's politics.
Socioeconomic and political conditions in Indonesia; collection of articles previously published.
History of the growth and development of Muslim cities in Indonesia, 13th-18th century.
Social conditions of women in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Political independence of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic organization in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Essays on Islam, socialism, and capitalism; collection of articles.
Indonesian law on civil procedure.
Political biography of Mien Sugandhi, woman leader, politician  and former Indonesian State Minister for Women Affairs.
Political biography of Sumitro Djojohadikusumo, b. 1917, economist and former Indonesian Minister of Trade.
Essays on changes in Indonesian villages and laws relating to local government; collection of papers.
Indonesian law on civil procedure.
Nyai Lara Kidul, a Javanese mythological character, and the Yogyakarta Sultanate.
Minangkabau story.
Air pollution caused by mining and transportation activity at Newmont Minahasa Raya Co. Ltd and the response of the surrounding community, North Sulawesi Province.
Register coustumer land obstacle "tanah Pasini" in Minahasa regancy, North Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Need for children protection in Indonesia; research.
Evaluation on the effectiveness of social service program in Indonesia.
Organizational development of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic organization in Indonesia.
Reform of public administration, civil service, etc. in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Religious propagation system of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic organization in Indonesia.
Theology, religion, and interfaith harmony in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Sundanese history in West Java, Indonesia.
Author's account during traveling to Europe.
Politics in Indonesia; collected articles.
Banking crises, banking accounting, etc.; autobiography of O.P. Simorangkir, b. 1928, an Indonesian banker.
New paradigm of regional government toward the third millennium in Indonesia.
State directed & sponsored violence against women, with reference to Indonesia; collection of articles.
Indonesian private and criminal law; manual.
Social history of Yogyakarta City, 1880-1930.
Political attitudes of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic organization in Indonesia.
Toward modernization of principles, activities, etc. of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic organization in Indonesia; collected of articles.
Islamic life, violence, economic crisis, etc. in Indonesia; collection of articles.
History of Pos Kota daily and its role in society; volume commemorating the 30th anniversary of Pos Kota, a local newspaper published in Jakarta.
Monetary and economic crisis in Indonesia; letters, accusations, etc. against Bank Indonesia and IMF.
Political biography of Eggi Sudjana, an Islamic leader in Indonesia.
Biography of Yusril Ihza Mahendra, b. 1956, Indonesian Minister of Law and Legislation.
Trial and offense of Abdul Latief, against the involvement of Soeharto, in G-30-S, the abortive coup in Indonesia.
Contemporary laws and regulations with special reference to capital investment in Indonesia.
History of the struggle against Dutch colonialism in Simalungun, Sumatera Utara, in 18th century.
Batak stories.
History of National Contractors Association of Indonesia.
Policy for developing Indonesian technology, industries, etc.; proceeding of meeting.
Collection of Indonesian laws and regulations with reference to government officials and employees.
The building of the Indonesian parliamentary building.
Theater in Indonesia; collection of papers.
Village communities and democracy in Indonesia; collection of articles.
On economy, tourism, management and accounting in Indonesia towards the 3rd Millenium; collection of articles.
History of forced labor during the Japanese occupation, 1942-1945, in the Special District of Yogyakarta.
Indonesian legal aspects of oil and gas.
Indonesian procedural law for juvenile courts.
Essays on Muhammadiyah and Indonesian political and social reform; collection of papers.
Thoughts of Muhammad Rashid Rida, 1865-1935, in comparison with those of prominent figures of Indonesia's Muhammadiyah organization; research report.
Economic system in Indonesia.
Changes to Indonesian forestry policy.
Women empowerment programs of the State Ministry for Women Empowerment, Indonesia.
Traditional culture, religion, etc. in Sipirok, Sumatera Utara Province.
History of Islam in Riau Province.
History of military leadership of Alexander E. Kawilarang, colonel in liberation struggle in Sumatera Utara Province.
Historical development of Islamic education in Indonesia.
The future of democracy in Indonesia; articles.
Political violence in Indonesian and possible reasons for it from an Islamic point of view; seminar papers.
Reflections on Indonesia today (issues on politics,  economic conditions); collection of articles.
Impact of exploitation of forest and forestry, mines and mining, etc. on human environment and socio-cultural life of isolated ethnic groups in Indonesia; proceedings of seminar.
Obstacles in Indonesia preventing the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All forms of Discrimination Against Women; manual for Indonesian journalists.
Issues on racial discrimination in Indonesia and comments on the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination; manual for Indonesian journalists.
Laudatory poetry.
Memoirs of author's stay in Moscow in 1970s; chiefly based on socio-cultural aspects.
Critical appreciation of the works of T. S. Eliot, 1888-1965 by noted Urdu writers.
Patriotic poetry.
Historical study of Sindhi language and literature from BC era to 1940s.
Research study about the impact of Aligarh Movement led by Sir Sayyid Ahmad Khan, 1817-1898 on the lives and social conditions of Muslims in India.
Critical study on the works of Mirza Asadullah Khan Ghalib, 1797-1869, renowned Urdu poet.
Chiefly laudatory.
On the alleged corruption by Pakistani rulers; collection of columns previously published in newspapers from 1993 to 1997.
On freedom movement in Jammu and Kashmir.
An account of important court decisions in Pakistan from 1947 todate.
Historical study of Dar al-Arqam, dwelling of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632 and his companions; from an important chapter in the Islamic traditions (Hadith).
Historical study of Islamic family laws promulgated in Pakistan.
An encyclopedia of noted Urdu poets from Mir Taqi Mir, d. 1810 to Faiz Ahmad Faiz, d. 1911.
Articles on Jammu and Kashmir, chiefly political; previously published in newspapers and periodicals from 1948-1965.
Research study and introductory analysis of various journals on Prophet Muhammad, d. 632, published during the 20th century.
On the conditions of Ahmadiyya, sect of Islam from religious and political aspects.
Historical and socio-cultural study of Shekhupura District, Pakistan; includies biographical sketches of various prominent personalities from there.
Historical play telecast from Pakistan television, on the life of Captain Rajah Muhammad Sarvar, martyred in 1948 in Kashmir and was bestowed the highest military award in Pakistan.
Columns chiefly on historical and political issues with reference to Pakistan.
On the life and achievements of Caliph Ali ibn Abi Talib, 600 (ca.)-661, fourth Muslim Caliph.
On the military coup in Pakistan on October 12, 1999 headed by General Pervez Musharraf.
Story of the military take over in Pakistan on October 12, 1999 by General Pervez Musharraf.
Criticism and interpretation of Abd al-Qadir Bidil, poet-thinker from India.
Critical appreciation of the works of Mirza Asadullah Khan Ghalib, 1797-1869 with particular reference to his views on divinity.
Historical study on reportage during 430 B.C. till 20th century, chiefly by South-Asian writers; includes a study on the concept of reportage in Urdu literature; scholarly study.
On the life and eminence of Uways al-Qarani, 7th century Muslim Sufi saint and contemporary of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
On the validity and authenticity of spiritual recompensation for the dead; Sunnite viewpoint.
On the  belief of praying to God through intermediation of prophets and saints, according to the teachings of Koran and Hadith (Islamic traditions).
Research study on the ideology of Pakistan.
Socio-cultural and geographical study of various tourist resorts in Pakistan with special reference to Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Interviews and author's reminiscences of literary and 20th century social personalities from Pakistan.
Wit and humour.
Wit and humour; articles on socio-political topics.
Complete works of renowned Indian Urdu writer, compiled in chronological order from 1912-1977.
On the role of religio-political parties in Pakistan; scholarly study.
On the life of Bahauddin Zakariyya, 1170?-1262?, Muslim saint of Suhrawardi Sufi order.
Socio-cultural study of the women of Syria.
Socio-cultural study of women of Turkey.
Socio-cultural study of the women of Australia.
Socio-cultural study of the women of Japan.
History and criticism of Panjabi ghazal.
Short stories.
Wit and humour.
Demand for justice and its various aspects in Islam.
Commentary and translations of the Koranic Suras on the code of life.
On the eminence and importance of Jihad (holy war) in Islam.
On oneness of God in Islam.
On the controversial issue of the succession of the Prophet Muhammad,d.632; Shiite viewpoint.
On the eminence of the family members of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632, according to the teachings of the Koran.
Bibliography of books against the Shiah sect of Islam, published in Pakistan.
On the immunity from sins of prophets as proven in the Koran and Hadith (Islamic traditions).
On the battle of Karbala, Iraq, 680 and martyrdom of Husayn ibn Ali, d. 680.
On the concept of innovation in Islam and its legal aspects in the light of Koran and Hadith.
On the first written constitution in Islamic history; includes text and articles from the constitution written in 622 A.D.
Critical analysis of the murder of one hundred juviniles in Lahore, Pakistan.
On the lives of eminent ladies from Arabia before and after Islam; historical study.
Bibliography of Sindhi books on library science from 1901 to 1995.
Selected sayings of Ji. Em. Sayyidu, Sindhi nationalist leader.
Historical study of the struggle of Pakistan People's Party against the dictatorship of General Mohammad Zia-ul-Haq, ex-chief of the Army Staff and Martial Law Administrator of Pakistan; includes biographical sketches of party workers who died during 1977-1987.
On the life and works of Qazi Qadanu, d. 1551, mystic poet from Sindh, Pakistan; includes samples from his works.
Collected articles on the views expressed by various political personalities and family members of Bashir Ahmad Qureshi, worker of Jie Sindh Istudants Federeshan.
Critical appreciation of the works of Shaikh Ayaz, a noted 20th century Sindhi poet, collected articles.
Historical study of elegiac poetry in Punjabi literature from early times.
On Koranic teachings; includes verses from Koran.
Versified translation of the national poet's selected Urdu works into Khowar language, a dialect spoken in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Historical study of Urdu travelog writing from early times.
Collection of articles by Dr. Muinurrahman in 1998, on discovery and preservation of the works of Mirza Asadullah Khan Ghalib, published in 1852.
Speeches of renowned Shiah leaders on the eminence of Caliph Ali ibn-i Abi Talib, d. 600 (ca.)-661; a commemorative volume.
Interviews of prominent religious personalities from South Asia.
Collected columns on socio-political situations in Pakistan.
Interviews of renowned Urdu writers; includes discussions on various literary topics.
On the alleged scandals of Pakistani politicians and other prominent personalities from 1950s to date.
Compilation of photographs with captions depicting the socio-cultural background of Karachi, Pakistan.
Comprehensive history of Islamic libraries during the Abbasids period.
Political history of Balochistan, Pakistan.
On army take over in Pakistan on October 12, 1999 and analysis of their prevailing political conditions; includes brief historical study of Army rule in Pakistan from the beginning.
On coup in Pakistan on October 12 by the army, 1999; includes a brief study on the corruption and upheaval during the rule of Navaz Sharif, b. 1940, ex-prime minister of Pakistan.
Condolence messages by some political and literary personalities in the memory of Muhammad Amin Malang Jan, 1908-1957, poet from Afghanistan.
On the life and works of Said Afghani; religious personality from Afghanistan.
On political training of youth in the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan.
Historical study of Pushto poems some three hundred years back.
Author's reminiscences of students' activities and traditions at Aligarh Muslim University, India; founded in late 19th century.
Collected poems of Abd al-Qadir al-Jilani, 1166, an eminent Muslim saint; includes translation and commentary by Mutiurrahman Quraishi Naqshbandi.
Collection of literary interviews of Urdu authors; includes analytical and critical articles on Urdu literature.
Collection of literary articles by noted writers; commemorative volume in recognition of literary services of Vahid Quraishi, b. 1925, renowned critic.
Essays and conversation of the author on social psychology and mental health of Iran; earlier broadcast on radio.
Selections and commentary of author's own book on Iranian Muslim women.
Study of the historical events of early Islamic period; includes Islamic teachings.
Includes bibliographical references (p. 420-444).
Chiefly on socio-cultural problems with special reference to exploitation of and discrimination against women in Pakistan.
On the importance of prayers in Islam as the most compulsory act of obedience and its worldly advantages.
Historical study on ruling policies in Islam; addresses of a Sunni Muslim religious scholar.
Contributed articles on the works of Mirza Asadullah Khan Ghalib, 1797-1869; south Asian poet.
Concise historical study of Urdu literature from the beginning up to 2000.
Laudatory poetry.
On the works of Ata Shad, b. 1938, Urdu and Baluchi poet; includes samples of his work with parallel translation from Baluchi to Urdu.
Political analysis of the return of Kashmiri freedom fighters from Kargil in 1999; articles previously published in newspapers.
Political biography of Navaz Sharif; includes detailed account of military coup of October 12, 1999, leading to his dismissal.
Author's travelog during his visit to Shamshal, Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Historical and socio-cultural study of Adamkhel Afridi tribe, from Darrah Adamkhel, North-west Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Critical appreciation of Persian poetry by Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938.
Chronological study of the letters written by Sir Muhammad Iqbal to various South Asian scholars.
Analytical study of the poetry of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1876-1938; collection of articles.
Sir Muhammad Iqbal's advocacy of identity of Muslims on the basis of only, irrespective of geographical boundaries.
Selected short stories chiefly historical and literary.
Historical, political and socio-cultural study of Bannu District in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan from 2700 B.C. to 20th century; includes brief genealogical study of various local tribes.
On the life of Sayyid Husain Ahmad Madni, 1878-1957, a noted religio-political leader of the sub-continent.
Author's travel impressions of his visit to Northern Areas and Punjab, Pakistan during 1990s.
On Aligarh movement founded by Sir Sayyid Ahmad Khan, 1817-1898; includes his brief life sketch.
Collection of articles on socio-political problems of Pakistan, written during 1993-1994 and published in Urdu daily Jang.
Short biographical sketches of South Asian Urdu humorists; includes specimen of their works.
Critical study of various prayers for life and hereafter from Islamic point of view.
Historical study of the fall of Muslim rules from 13th to 20th century.
On the adverse cultural effects of video and cable transmissions on modern generation; with particular reference to Pakistan.
On the lives and activities of reputed female personalities from world over.
Historical and cultural study of Multan, Pakistan from 17th century to date.
Selected poems by renowned South Asian Urdu poets.
Study of the activities of non-governmental organizations in Pakistan; includes analysis of their activities alleged to be anti Islam.
Short biographical sketches of Pakistani female social workers, educationists, journalists, legal advisors, etc.
Autobiography and memoirs of a Sindhi nationalist leader; includes his letters during imprisonment from 1958-1959 to his friends and associates.
On drug trafficking in Pakistan; includes a study of the same in other countries.
On the lives of companions of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632 as narrated in the Koran.
Collection of poems written by various Urdu poets in memory of Faiz Ahmad Faiz, renowned Urdu poet.
Selected poems and articles from the works of renowned Sindhi poet; chiefly translated from Sindhi.
Commentary and translation of selected verses from Koran.
Poems.
Collection of essays on history of Pakistan, education and other social issues of the Pakistani youth.
Collection of articles of a noted Muslim religious scholar published in various local newspapers.
Special issue of a literary journal on the life and works of Sayyid Zakir Husain Zakir, Urdu poet.
Report on the conditions of human rights in Pakistani villages during 1996.
Compilation of 5 works on the life and works of Khvajah Ghulam Farid, 1845?-1901, mystic poet.
Political perspective of the launching of Ghauri and Shaheen missiles in 1998 by Pakistan.
On the life and achievements of Abdul Qadeer Khan, b. 1936, renowned Pakistani scientist and founder of its atomic program.
Literary criticism on the works of various Urdu writers.
Laudatory poetry.
On the political career of Navaz Sharif, ex-prime minister of Pakistan from 1990 till 1999.
Translation and commentary of selected verses of the Koran, as a complete guideline for Muslims.
Teachings of Islam.
On enforced land ownership system in the light of the Koran.
On the role of clergy in guiding Muslims  according to the teachings of Islam; speeches by a noted contemporary relgious scholar.
Biographical sketches of saints of Chishtiyah order from South Asia; includes samples from their works.
Articles on socio-cultural and political topics related to Pakistan's present conditions; includes author's reminiscences.
Historical novel based on political and socio-cultural study of the Indo-Pak sub-continent from 1920 to 1950.
History and criticism of the works of selected classical poets from East and West, from 12th to 19th century; includes their biographical sketches and versified translation from specimen of their works.
Comparative study of the works of a 19th century Siraiki poet; includes his works.
Historical and political study and the impact over the world community of Pakistan's nuclearization in 1998.
On the life and works of Khvajah Ghulam Farid, d. 1845?-1901, sufi poet.
Laudatory poems.
Commentary on the teachings (in the poetry) of Shaikh Farid-uddin, 1175?-1265, 13th century Muslim saint.
Historical study of various journeys made by Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
On Islamic jurisprudence with reference to solution of modern day problems.
Study of aims and contributions of Jamaat-i Islami-yi Pakistan, a religio-political party.
Collected articles based on political analysis with special reference to Pakistan; previously published in "Daily Jang" from 1991 to 1996.
On cultural and political issues.
On the military coup on Oct. 12, 1999 in Pakistan.
Author's reminiscence and critical appreciation of the works of Faiz Ahmad Faiz, b. 1911, renowned south Asian poet.
Historical study of the Battle of Karbala, Iraq 680, Shiah view point.
Critical literary articles on modern Urdu literature.
Commentary on Ascending of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632 to the heaven, according to the Sufic belief of pantheism.
Historical and critical study of the art of mentioning important dates in metres and rhymes of Urdu literature.
On unification of Muslims of South Asia as envisaged and taught by Sayyid Husain Ahmad Madni, 1878-1957, noted religious-political leader.
Scholarly study of Koranic teachings with special reference to Islamic ideology as implemented in South Asia with its historical background.
Speeches of a religious scholar on the life and revolutionary mission of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
Commentary on the selected verses of the Koran by a noted religious scholar.
Articles written by Pakistani journalists on career planning in Pakistan.
On the past, present and future prospects of Muslims with special reference to Pakistan; articles by a religious scholar previously published in daily Nava-yi vaqt, April-July 1993.
On the prophethood of Muhammad d. 632, as a practical example of Koranic teachings for mankind.
Comprehensive study including questions and answers of various socio-cultural and religious problems in the light of Koran and Hadith, Islamic traditions.
On various socio-cultural problems of women in an under developed society.
Historical and analytical study of Pakistan National Alliance's movement against Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, ex-Prime minister of Pakistan in 1977.
Confessions of 81 converted Muslim women from different parts of the world.
Critical analysis of Balochi language and literature; includes short biographical sketches of Balochi litterateurs with samples of their works.
On Shina language and literature, spoken in Northern Areas of Pakistan.
On the life and works of Hafiz Jalandhari, 1900-1982 a renowned Urdu poet; includes specimen of his works.
Poems by various authors, on the Kashmiri struggle for freedom.
Juvenile literature.
Juvenile literature.
Selected verses from the Koran depicting various important issues in life.
Collection of official letters of Caliph Umar ibn al-Khattab, d. 644.
Humoros articles previously published in daily "Navae vaqt".
Selected verses from the works of eleven noted poets during 18th to 20th centuries; includes their biographical sketches.
On the lives of Muslim sufi saints of Qalandariyah order from beginning of Islam till 20th century.
Author's travel impressions of London during 1985.
Author's memoirs during his imprisonment in Sahiwal District jail during late 1960s.
Chiefly on political disturbances in Karachi, Pakistan.
Jail diary of a Pakistani journalist who was imprisoned in Afghanistan during Soviet occupation from 1980 to 1988.
Wit and humor.
Collection of articles on code of ethics and proper living as interpreted in Koran and Hadith (Islamic tradition).
Unique form of a single laudatory poem; every couplet includes name of a poet, who has written elegiac poetry in praise of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
Collection of Haiku, Japanese form of poetry.
Critical appreciation of various literary and artistic works of noted 20th century Pakistani Urdu writers and artists; includes author's reminiscences.
Historical study of the political problems in Kashmir from 1947 till date.
On the life and works of Sir Sayyid Ahmad Khan, d. 1817-1898.
Selected poems on Pakistan freedom movement, 1947, read in various processions and gatherings.
Traditional henna patterns.
On the art of calligraphy; includes specimens of noted Pakistani and other calligraphers with their biographical sketches.
Collection of articles on various social and religious topics, related to Muslims of the sub-continent.
On religious and political thoughts of Ali ibn Muhammad Hamadhani, 14th century Muslim scholar from South Asia.
On the lives and religious activities of Muslim saints from Panipat, India.
Historical study of Lahore under Sikh rule during 1765-1849.
On exploitation of women in Pakistani society; collection of articles presented in various seminars.
Short account of various family disputes in the life of Mahomed Ali Jinnah, 1876-1948, founder of Pakistan.
Articles chiefly on literary and political personalities from South Asia.
With special reference to Karachi Metropolitan Corporation.
Teachings on Christianity.
On Magdaleni, a female character in the New Testament.
Analysis of the coup in Pakistan on October 12, 1999.
Proceedings and decision of the Anti-Terrorism Court against Navaz Sharif,ex-prime minister of Pakistan in Karachi on 6th April, 2000.
Background and political conditions in Pakistan during the rule of Nawaz Sharif prior to military takeover on Oct. 12, 1999; includes details of the trial of Navaz Sharif, ex-prime minister of Pakistan.
Research and critical articles chiefly on religion.
On archaeology with special reference to archaeological sites in Pakistan.
On the life and eminence of Hazrat Ans bin Malik a companion of Prophet Muhammad d. 632.
On the lives and works of ten noted Urdu classical poets; includes selections from their works.
Collection of literary articles of a noted Urdu scholar.
Christian sermons.
Christian sermons.
Chiefly on Christian thoughts.
Christian songs.
Catholic prayer book.
Addresses of Friday prayers in Islam.
Dipicting the friction between Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938 and Inayatullah Khan Mashriqi, 1877-1938 noted south Asian Muslim scholars.
On socio-cultural and political problems in Pakistan.
Topical arrangement and English rendering of Hadith (Islamic traditions) by a Pakistani scholar.
Patriotic poetry.
Elegiac poetry.
History and criticism on the work of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938.
On the life and works of Khvajah Altaf Husain Hali, a 19th century noted Urdu poet.
Contributed articles on the activities of Usamah Bin Ladin, b. 1957, alleged Muslim fundamentalist and Saudi exile.
Explanation of Pushto literary terminologies.
On the lives of literary personalities from North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Archaeological study of the ruins in North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Selected stories from the works of Afghan short story writers.
On Socio-cultural and political topics with reference to Afghanistan.
On the life and political career of Najib, b. 1947, ex-president of Afghanistan; includes obituaries by his friends and associates.
On the life and works of Dagh Dihlavi renowned 19th century Urdu poet from South Asia.
Islamic belief on the temporal existence of human life in this world as compared with the spiritual eternity.
Author's travel impressions of some areas of northern Pakistan.
Author's impressions and comparative study of the culture of the people of Sindh and Punjab; includes memoirs of his migration from India to Pakistan in 1947.
On the lives of Muslim Sufi saints and historical study of the  orders of various schools of thoughts of Lahore, Pakistan, from 5th to 20th century.
Islamic viewpoint on the importance of remembering God and asking for His forgiveness.
Critical and analytical study of Pushto novel writing.
Historical study of Pashtuns residing in Punjab during the Sikh rule 18th-19th century.
Sketches of noted 20th century south Asian Urdu writers by a contemporary writer; includes an introd. on his life by Sayyid Muhammad Arif.
On the life of Hakim Mohammad Said, a noted traditional medical practitioner, scholar, social worker and politician of Pakistan.
Critical articles on history and politics with reference to Pakistan.
Author's collected articles published from 1996 to 1999.
Historical study chiefly on law-making in Pakistan; from the promulgation of the first Constitution in 1947 to the present times.
On the life and works of Sayyid Imtiyaz Ali Taj, b. 1900 renowned Urdu writer; includes excerpts from his works.
Historical, political and socio-cultural study of Baluchi tribes of Pakistan; includes study of their alleged exploitation by the feudal system.
Historical study of renaissance of Urdu literature during various political movements from beginning to 1975.
Collected works of 18th century Urdu poet; includes his biographical sketches.
Collection of sermons by a reputed Shia religious scholar, chiefly on the martyrdom of Husayn ibn Ali, d. 680 in the battle of Karbala, 680 A.D.
Chiefly free verse.
Haiku poetry.
Teachings and quotations of Abd al-Qadir Jilani, d. ca. 1737, renowned Muslim saint from Qadiriyah Order; includes his addresses and biographical sketches.
On the military coup in Pakistan, Oct. 12, 1999; includes analysis of grievances between the army and Navaz Sharif, b. 1949; ex-prime minister of Pakistan.
On the life, thoughts and teachings of Ji. Em. Sayyidu, b. 1904 Sindhi nationalist leader ; also includes some of of his speeches and addresses.
Comparative study of the constitutions of Afghansitan during 1906 to 1973.
Proceeding of Grand Assembly of Afghanistan in 1987.
Short stories, wit and humor of Afghanistan.
On the life and achievements of Muhammad Hashim Mivandval, ex-prime minister of Afghanistan.
Dailogues between two fictitious characters on corruption in Pakistani society.
Interviews of the leader of Jamiat-i Ulamae Islam, religio-political party from Pakistan, on his anti-US movement; includes newspaper editorials and columns praising the movement.
Parallel translation of selected verses from the works of 19th century Persian poet.
Critical articles on Urdu literature; includes critical appreciation of noted literary personalities chiefly from South Asia.
Selected editorials previously published in Urdu daily Navae Vaqt during 1948-1998 on 23rd March Pakistan Day and 14th August Independence day of Pakistan.
Critical appreciation and analysis of 20th century Sindhi literature; includes biographical sketches of some noted Sindhi writers.
Treatment of various diseases based on the Koran and Hadith (Islamic traditions).
Historical study of feudal system in Balocistan, chiefly during the British rule, 17th-18th century.
On the life and political struggle of Navaz Sharif.
Critical appreciation of the works of Niyaz Fatihpuri; a noted 20th century Urdu scholar.
On the life and works of Iftikhar Arif, a 20th century poet and scholar; articles written by various scholars.
Collection of literary articles; also includes author's travelog to India during 1988.
Sketches from the Old and New Testament.
Juvenile literature.
Juvenile literature.
Juvenile literature.
Juvenile literature.
Juvenile literature.
On the status of women in society as interpreted in Koran and Hadith, Islamic traditions.
Views of Pakistani Muslim women on the usage and practical aspect of veil in Islam.
On the lives and eminence of the daughters of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
Excerpts from the lives of prominent Muslim women as role models for today's mothers and daughters.
Koran; Surat al-Insan; criticism, interpretation, etc.
Islamic law; Shiah; interpretation and construction.
Includes introd. (31 p.) by Arshad Iqbal Arshad.
Includes interview of the author by Zahur Ahmad Dahrijah.
Includes introd. (24 p.) by Zafar Lashari.
Includes introductry notes by various Panjabi writers.
Biographical and literary sketches of some contemporary Saraiki writers.
Autobiography of a contemporary political worker and Panjabi and Urdu writer from Pakistan.
Historical, cultural and literary history of Khushab, Pakistan.
History and criticism of Siraiki ghazals.
Collection of articles on the life, works and teachings of Shaikh Farid-uddin, 1175?-1265, a noted south Asian sufi poet.
Collection of Baluchi poetry on various tribal wars from early times; includes extensive explanatory notes by Faqir Shad.
On the issue of signing the CTBT; includes brief description of atomic test explosions made by Pakistan on May 28, 1998.
Juvenile literature.
On the life and works of Saif Zulfi, Urdu poet; collected articles.
On socio-cultural problems in Pakistan; articles previously published in newspapers.
Rights of minorities as interpreted in the Koran and Hadith, Islamic traditions.
On corruption in Pakistan in historical and political perspectives.
On military governments in Pakistan from 1958 to 2000.
On the eminence of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632; narrations by various Muslim saints and personalities dipicting their love for the Prophet.
Biographical sketches of eminent Muslim generals, who were companions of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
Includes comprehensive text.
International law; Islamic law; Islam and world politics.
Husayn ibn Ali, d. 680; cult; biographies; Shiites; history.
On the life and works of Radhakrishnan, S. (Sarvepalli), 1888-1975, renowned Indian scholar of 20th cent.
On the life and habits of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
Collection of newspaper articles based on national and international crisis.
Collection of speeches on the martyrdom and eminence of Husayn ibn Ali in the battle of Karbala, 680 A.D.; includes elegiac poetry.
Collection of articles on the life of Prophet Muhammad, d.680 by noted non-Muslim scholars.
Historical background of the tribes living near the Karaqoram Range in Northern Areas, Pakistan.
Short biographical sketches of Urdu poets from Sukkur, Pakistan; includes samples of their works.
On basic Islamic teachings.
On religious jurisprudence, and the concept of an ideal Muslim religious leader and his desciples; Shiite viewpoint.
With special reference to Pakistan.
On the alleged atrocities of western non-Muslim countries chiefly Israel against Muslims; based on news and views published in various Pakistani journals.
Critical study of noted Pakistani columnist.
Memoirs of a retired civil servant of Government of Pakistan.
History of hockey in Pakistan from 1948 to 2000.
Wit and humor.
Author's travel impressions of Turkamanistan, Central Asia.
Includes index.
On the alleged scandals of Pakistani politicians and bureaucrats.
Versified Urdu translation of a classical sufi work.
Selection of articles on political and socio-cultural conditions in Pakistan; previously published in daily Jang, London and daily Masavat, Lahore, Pakistan.
Historical novel on the Battle of Karbala, Iraq, 680; Shiah viewpoint; published in monthly Masum, Islamabad and Khvajgan, Lahore, Pakistan under title, Naqabposh.
Collection of articles on history and socio-cultural conditions with reference to Pakistan; previously published in daily Jang, London, and other Pakistani dailies and weeklies.
Memoirs of a leader of Jamaat-i Islami-yi Pakistan, religio-political party of Pakistan; includes details of political turmoil and the separation of East Pakistan in 1971 now Bangladesh.
Author's memoirs of his travel to China highlighting historical and socio-cultural background.
Classical Urdu literature; 10th grade text book during 1947.
Author's travelogue of China in 1999; includes socio-cultural study.
On the life of Sir Ziyauddin Ahmad, 1877-1947, eminent politician and educationist from South Asia; includes letters written to him by his colleagues.
Poems.
Poems.
Poems.
A novel.
Poems.
Poems.
Biography of Chief Tshekedi Khama of Botswana. It outlines historical events of his chieftainship and discusses the Tswana culture and traditional norms.
Short stories.
A novel.
Drama.
Poems.
On the history of the Seventh Day Adventist Church in Lesotho.
A novel.
A novel.
On the aftermath of the fall of Addis Ababa.
On socio-political issues of Ethiopia.
On socio-political issues affecting the Oromo people of Ethiopia.
On the current socio-political situation in Ethiopia.
On the failed assasination attempt on the life of president Mubarak of Egypt.
On various social, economic and political issues in Ethiopia.
On issues related to Eritrean independence, focusing on the Ethio-Eritrean border war that broke out in May 1998.
On the fourth Conference of the transition of National Union of Eritrean Women.
A novel.
Poems.
On Kiha grammar with a Swahili translation.
On developments in Tanzania's politics and government as well as economic and social conditions during 1996, the first year of President Mkapa's rule.
Tigrinya grammar.
On religious issues.
Tigrinya grammar.
A novel.
On the History of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Tanzania from 1902-1912.
On the different time zones of the world, explaining what causes day and night.
An epic poem.
On poverty eradication in Tanzania as discussed at a workshop on environmental conservation and poverty eradication.
On the socio-economic development of Port Massawa.
On the solar system.
A novel.
On court procedures in investigating criminal offences in Tanzania with information on the rights of the accused and the witnesses. Also included are some examples of case rulings.
On the lineage of the kings of Uganda.
Two short stories.
Four plays.
A play.
On the development projects undertaken by Ffumbe Development Committee.
On land rights in Tanzania.
A study of three ancient epic poems.
An English Swahili dictionary of business and commerce.
Covers some aspects on cultural heritage in Nzema; how a child is named and how some names are obtained.  Also deals with some Nzema names and their appelations, the seven clans of the Nzemas and their characteristics.
Discusses Mfantse-Akan culture's different kinds of greetings and responses, names of persons, towns and tribes with their titles and appellations; also reveals origin of clans, mentions some Akan chiefs and their clans.
A play.
Discusses what life is and gives advice to young people on establishing solid foundations on which to build their lives on. A play forms the second part of the book and continues to discuss what life is.
A novel.
A short story.
A short story.
A short story.
A short story.
A short story.
A short story.
Short stories
Collection of Setswana short stories.
A play.
Contains eight different short Anaanu moral teaching stories for children.
A play.
Explains one of the ways by which the Akans of Ghana avoided teenage pregnancies in the past, through laid down customary rites known as "bragoro" and "kyiribra".
A collection of folk tales.
Discusses the human anatomy.
A play.
A collection of folk tales.
Two plays.
A novel.
Discusses three Christian festivals and how they are celebrated.
Discusses oral literature in the Ewe language. It covers proverbs, folktales, riddles, puzzles, different types of songs, drum and horn languages, idioms, libation, and libation texts.
Poems.
A collection of folk tales.
A play.
A novel.
A novel.
A short story.
This book is a key to use with Mese wo amen by the same author. Explains words and expressions in parent book that may be difficult to the reader.
Poems.
A novel.
On the religious lives of women in Ethiopia.
Poems.
A novel.
Ndebele riddles and their interpretations.
Collection of short stories in form of a letter.
Ndebele folktales.
A novel.
On biography of Abbe Charles Mbuya, the first priest of Kasai.
On the struggle for leadership in developing countries, specifically Tanzania. Also discusses the forthcoming general elections and campaigning for the elections.
Days of national significance (past events) in the history and life of Eritreans.
Cartoons depicting the percieved images of Ethiopian prime minister, Meles Zenawi, in relation to the Ethio-Eritrean border conflict.
Children's games for different age groups.
On the 20th anniversary of the establishment of Eritrean National Radio Broadcasting Station.
On the socio-economic development of Gash-Barka region in Eritrea.
On the performance of exemplary students in community based projects during their Summer vacation.
On family and children issues.
On the indegenous languages of Eritrea and other languages in the horne of Africa.
On livestock production.
On the socio-economic significance of the Coastal Region of Eritrea.
On the socio-economic condition of Ansaba Region in Eritrea.
On the socio-economic development of the South Red Sea Region of Eritrea.
Short stories.
An autobiography.
A novel.
On the educational status of women in Eritrea.
A novel.
On alleged causes of conflict between Ethiopia and Eritrea in 1998.
A novel.
Foundations of Lingala language.
A novel.
On laws governing cooperatives and non profit making associations.
On the characteristics and power of courts in Rwanda.
On advices to personnel working in fields of law.
On social laws concerning a woman and her family.
On laws governing family property and inheritance in Rwanda.
Leisure stories.
On Rwandese genocide.
On the culture of peace-making.
Alfi, Hasan; former minister of interior; Egypt; memoirs
Novel.
Play.
Arab countries; political and intellectual life; Islam; 20th century.
Egypt; history; to 640; Coptic perspective; early works to 1800.
Author's autobiography; women television broadcasters; Egypt; religious broadcasting.
Verse play.
Novel.
Poetry.
Novel.
Morocco; commercial law; construction industry; congresses.
Nufud al-Sirr (Saudi Arabia); plant ecology; phytogeography; pastures; history; MA. thesis.
Short stories and essays.
Arabic poetry; 750-1258; history and criticism; bibliography.
Suretyship and guaranty; Islamic law; civil law; comaparative study; Ph.D. dissertation.
Shahak, Israel, Jewish history, Jewish religion; politics and government; Orthodox; Judaism; Zionism; controversial literature; Palestinian Arabs; Israel.
Islamic parties; politics and government; Syria; history.
Children; laws; Egypt.
Trade; laws; Egypt.
Children; Laws; Egypt.
Code of Procedures; Affirmation code; Arbitration code; laws; Egypt.
Civil law; Egypt.
Punishment; Juvenile delinquents; laws; Egypt.
Arbitration law; Egypt.
Criminal procedures; Laws; Egypt.
Penal code; Laws; Egypt.
Arabic medicine; early works to 1800.
Includes bibliographical references (p. 375).
Islamic dawah; Islamic renewals; Saudi Arabia; Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab.
Sins in the Hadith; Hadith; texts; commentaries.
Asir (Saudi Arabia); history; biography; literature.
Novel.
Poetry.
Poetry.
On al-Shaykh Abd al-Aziz Abu Habib; Muslim scholars; Saudi Arabia; biography.
Semantics; Arabic language; imperative; Islamic law.
Novel.
Novel.
Novel.
Novel.
Egypt; 1990's; essays.
Thawrat al-Inqadh al-Watani; Sudan; history, 1989- ; Islam and state.
Poetry.
Novel.
U.S. and 21st century.
Essays.
Modern short stories.
Short stories.
Short stories.
Literary writings.
Egyptair flight 990; aircraft accidents; investigation; Egyptian re-actions.
Novel.
Poems.
Poetry.
Short stories.
Short stories.
Novel.
New world order; interviews with Arab intellectuals.
South Sudan; political aspects; Arabic perspective; controversial work.
Abortion; Islamic law.
Novel.
Comic writings.
Intellctual property; legislations; judicial decisions; international agreements.
Islamic Empire; history; 661-750.
Novel.
Poetry.
Poetry.
Poetry.
Modern Arabic poetry.
Novel.
Novel.
Novel.
Poetry.
Poetry.
Novel.
Poetry.
Miscellaneous memoirs and essays.
Poetry.
Alexandria; Egypt; civilization.
Free verse poetry.
Islamic law; interpretations and constructions; theories.
Autobiography.
Short stories.
Miscellaneous essays.
Modern Arabic short stories.
Miscellaneous essays.
Foreign investments; conflect of laws; Egypt.
Arbitration; public contracts; administrative law; Egypt.
Boundaries; international law; Iraq-Kuwait crisis, 1990-1991 as a model.
United Arab Emirates; decentralization in government.
Commercial law; Egypt; Law no. 17, 1999.
International maritime law; Arab countries; coasts.
Play.
Memoirs of a teacher.
Short stories.
Novel.
Novel.
Short stories.
Freedom of press; laws and legislations; Egypt.
Arabic short stories.
Kurdish folk stories; in Kirmanji dialect.
Propaganda; Mass Media.
Dubai, United Arab Emirates; commercial court of cassation; digests; 1988-1999.
Koran; study and teaching; ethics.
On Hassan bin Talal, former Crown Prince of Jordan; biography; collected essays.
Short stories.
Iberica, Spain; history; to 711.
Iraq-Kuwait Crisis, 1990-1991; Iraq; foreign reaction.
Poetry.
Public sevices; privatization; Kuwait; laws and legislations.
Law of evidence; Qatar; Islamic law; applied study.
Short stories; Arabic fiction; history and criticism.
Modern Arabic short stories.
Folk songs; Bahrain; collection; music; history and criticism.
On Bethany (al-Ayzariyah, Palestine); eminent characters; customs and traditions; history.
Palestine; foreign relations; Israel; peace process; 1990s; Arab-Israeli conflict; history.
Collection of articles on literary and political issues of contemporary Andhra Pradesh; commemoration volume on Ai. Sihec. Vi. Basavaraju, b. 1939, Telugu author, on his 60th birth anniversary.
Textual interpretation of Dasarathi sathakamu; poem on Rama (Hindu deity).
Sanskrit verse work in praise of Siva (Hindu deity); includes interpretation.
Etymological interpretation of Kautilya's Arthasastra; includes original Sanskrit text in Telugu script.
Telugu adaptation of an episode of Bhagavata Purana; includes Sanskrit text and commentary.
Adaptation of epic story of Raghuvamsam of Kalidasa.
Articles chiefly on contemporary Telugu literature.
On family names of Kamma caste.
On how to practice kundalini mahayoga through yogic mudras.
Poems about on the gestural language of the hand in dance forms.
On the Vaishnava daily rituals; Sanskrit text with Telugu interpretation.
Anthology of short stories written during a writers workshop; held at Hyderabad from 14th Feb. to 28th Feb., 1999 and organised by A.P. State Cultural Council.
History of Brahmana kingdoms of India.
Account of Bella Vista, a building formerly occupied by the Prince of Berar who was also Hyderabad State's commander-in-chief of the armed forces and currently housing the Administrative Staff College of India; includes a brief history of the state.
Study on the intellectual association between Jibanananda Das, 1899-1954, and Buddhadeva Bose, 20th century Bengali poets.
On the life and work of Kshtimohan Sen, Bengali scholar, writer and teacher from West Bengal, India and his association with Santiniketan Ashram.
First person account of a Bengali woman physician decribing the struggle of the women for human rights in Taliban dominated Afghanistan.
Articles advocating secularism in India.
With reference to India.
Contributed seminar papers.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles.
Socio-economic policy of Andhra Pradesh government under the leadership of Chandrababu Naidu.
Transcript of interviews by various friends and associates of Syamaprasada Mukhopadhyaya, 1901-1953, politician of India.
Contributed research papers.
Hindu philosophical classics.
Political scene of India after independence; includes autobiographical reminiscences of 31st ruler of Kalahandi district in Orissa.
Contains acts, rules, regulations and bye-laws.
Contributed articles presented at the National Conference on "Human Rights, Environment, and the Law" held in Bangalore on 5th June, 1993.
On India's relations with South Asian countries during the non-congress regimes.
Autobiography of an animal lover.
Papers presented at a meeting held at Nagpur, India during 3-6 January 1999.
Autobiographical.
Contributed articles.
On the history of Gangas and their administration in Karnataka, India.
With reference to India; contributed articles.
Chiefly statistics.
Cartoons.
Study of Jaina temples in Karnataka, dedicated to Parsvanatha, 8th cent., B.C., Jaina Tirthankar.
Contributed seminar papers.
Contributed papers.
Contributed articles with special reference to Chota Nagpur and Santhal Parganas in Bihar, India.
Discussion of National Conference on CEDAW held at New Delhi on 13-15 Nov., 1999.
Report on the National Juvenile Justice Seminar.
Messages to the Indian youth as given by Subhas Chandra Bose, 1897-1945, Indian freedom fighter.
Critical analysis of Arun Shourie's Worshipping false gods.
On the works of Yilmaz Guney, b. 1937, Turkish moving pictures director.
Contributed articles.
Papers presented at the Seminar on Teaching and Research in International Relations hosted by the Indian Council of Social Science Research.
Papers presented at a seminar organized by Rajendra Prasad Academy, New Delhi in collaboration with A.N. Sinha Institute of Social Studies, Patna on 27th and 28th Sept. 1997 at Patna.
Development of English literature in India; relates mainly to the 20th century.
Study conducted in Palghat district in Kerala.
With reference to Aligarh, India.
Detailed analysis of the problems faced in a wide-range of jobs, highlighting the problems faced by an upright police officer.
Articles on feudalism with special reference to India in context of modern day political debate.
Study on the Tantric rituals and mantras, with special reference to 24-Parganas in West Bengal.
Comparison of Indian and European music to highlight their differences.
Biography of Nazrul Islam, Kazi, 1899-1976, Bengali poet and composer.
Articles on the falling standards of education in West Bengal.
A critique on the novels written by Saiyada Oyaliullah, 1922-1971; 20th century Bengali author.
On nationalism and political history of India, 19th-20th century.
Contributed articles on the works of Saratcandra Cattopadhyaya, 1876-1938, Bengali author.
Comparative study of Bengali and Marathi grammar.
Selected poems of a 20th century Bengali author.
Articles on post-Tagore, modern Bengali poetry.
Critical articles on 19th to 20th century Bengali literature.
On the inadequecy of the allopathic system of medicine to meet the needs of a huge population which led to the failure of the present health machinery of the government of West Bengal, India.
Study on the Tripuri language of the Kok Borok group spoken in the hilly border areas of the Chattagram District of Bangladesh.
Articles on political and administrative issues of Bangladesh after 1971.
Articles on political and administrative issues of Bangladesh during 1930 to 1975.
Collection of poems on the liberation war of Bangladesh of 1971; includes translations in English.
Court music and literature in erstwhile princely states of Andhra Pradesh; includes musical letter notations.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Study of Rajasthani poetry on Maharaja of Jodhpur, Man Singh, 1783-1843.
Life and teaching of Swami Teumrama, 1887-1942, founder of Premaprakasis, Hindu sect.
Relates mainly to the Indian cricket scene.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Poem on the teachings of Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948, statesman.
Selections of Marathi religious poetry with Hindi translation.
Contributed articles on various aspects of violence within the family and society; with special reference to India; covers the period 20th century.
On the life and work of Amrita Sher-Gil, 1913-1941, painter.
Study of Abhijnana, Toro, kara toro, and Pracchanna, published as vol. 6 of Mahasamara, three novels by Narendra Kohli, b. 1940, Hindi author.
History and philosophy of Khalsa Sect.
Articles on people, places, and the sociopolitical issues related to Punjab; previously published in various newspapers.
Articles on the works of modern Panjabi poets.
Selected works of Srirama Sarma, 1907-1966, Bangaru poet from Haryana; includes text with Hindi explanation in prose; also includes a short introductory sketch of the author and his works.
Hindu mythological text with Hindi explanation on the cult of Krishna (Hindu deity).
Contribution of Sanskrit authors from Jaipur to Sanskrit literature; a study.
Festschrift in honor of Srikrsnarama Bhatta, 18th cent. Sanskrit author and ayurvedic physician; chiefly on his works.
With reference to India.
Proceedings of the International Conference on Future Capacity Building of Southern NGOs.
With reference to Non-governmental organizations.
Promoting economic and developmental activities of economically underprivileged sections among minorities in India.
Chiefly on Hindu astrology; includes articles on gambling based on astrology.
On the various ingredients and method used in the process of making incense sticks and material for sacrifice in Hinduism.
On religious and astrological significance of stones and Elaeocarpus ganitrus.
Guidelines for the correct social and religous behaviour of women in India.
Method of prepration of chewing tobacco and its various products; a study.
Islamic Tantrism.
On how to play various musical instruments, chiefly Indian; includes compositions with musical letter notation.
Selection of patriotic poems by contemporary Hindi authors.
Rituals for the worship of Visvakarman, Hindu deity.
Designs for decorating the palms and feet with vegetable dye, henna.
Naturopathy for various ailments.
On Hindu Tantric incantations and associated rituals.
On the cult and prayers for the worship of Gayatri, Hindu deity; includes significance of Hindu symbolism.
Social consciousness in Hindi journalism; a study; covers the period 19th century.
Use of Hindi language in banks and banking; a study.
Therapeutic use of urine in curing cancer according to Ayurvedic system of medicine; a case study.
Biography of Jinadatta Suri, 1075-1154, exponent of Khartaragaccha, Jaina sect.
Social life and customs of Rathors, the ruling family of Jodhpur Princely state, 1600-1850.
An etymological interpretation of five Samhitas of four Vedas.
Hindu philosophical classic; includes Sanskrit text with translation and translations of two commentaries from Vaishnava viewpoint.
Study on the teachings of four great propounders of Advaita philosophy.
On Hindu astrology; compilation of verses by Garga with English and Hindi translation.
On the doctrines of Bhakti in Vaishnavism; includes translation and Visvakrpadarsini commentary.
On Asoka, King of Magadha, fl. 259 B.C.; includes Hindi translation.
Treatise explaning the philosophy of the Chaitanya sect in Vaishnavism; includes Hindi commentary and translation.
Compilation of texts on Krishna, Hindu deity, based on rare manuscripts.
Verse work, with Hindi translation on Krishna (Hindu deity).
Work on Sanskrit metrics and rhythmics in Sanskrit poetics; includes translation with text and Sanskrit commentary.
On Rasa, divine dance form, portion of Bhagavatpurana, on Krishna (Hindu deity) and Radha (Hindu deity); Sanskrit text with Hindi verse translation.
Critical study of Kasika of Vamana and Jayaditya, 7th century commentary on Astadhyayi of Panini, work on Sanskrit grammar.
Critical exposition of the author's work on Sanskrit poetics; includes Gujarati translation and notes.
Sanskrit text with Hindi interpretation on cult of Radha, Hindu deity; compiled from Puranas and other texts.
Critical interpretation of Kuntapasukta of Atharvaveda, Hindu canonical text.
Study of Gitagovinda, Sanskrit lyric poem on Krishna (Hindu deity) and Radha (Hindu deity), by Jayadeva, 12th cent.; includes Sanskrit text with English translation.
Commentary on Guhyasamajatantra, the esoteric secret of Buddhist canonical text.
Sanskrit verses with English translation in praise of Krishna (Hindu deity) and Radha (Hindu deity).
On doctrine of Bhakti in Vaishnavism.
Study with text of the commentary on Amarakosa, classical verse thesaurus of Sanskrit synonyms and homonyms.
Verse work, on Krishna (Hindu deity); includes Krsnanandini Hindi commentary.
Biography of N.T. Rama Rao, b.1923, politician of Andhra Pradesh.
Biographical accounts of Vaishnavite saints of India.
Articles on Urdu poetry.
On Sufism.
On the works of Agha Hashr Kashmiri, 1879-1935, Urdu writer.
Life and works of Parvaiz Shahidi, 1910-1968, Urdu poet.
On the works of Jigar Brelvi, b.1890, Urdu poet.
On the life of Mahmud Hasan Devbandi, 1851-1920, Indian Islamic scholar from Darululum Devband, institution of Islamic studies.
Study of Urdu travelogue.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Narendra Kohli, b. 1940 Hindi author; includes articles by him also.
Written between 1950-1999.
Written for radio and television.
Kashmiri grammar with special reference to the influence of Sanskrit language; a study.
Contributed articles on primary and secondary school education in India; published on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of National Council of Educational Research and Training, India.
Festschrift in honor of Candrabali Tripathi, b. 1894, Sanskritist; comprises articles on Vedic literature and on his life and works.
Contributed articles on Hinduism; commemorative volume published on the occasion of the 75th birth anniversary of Svarupananda Sarasvati, b. 1924, Hindu religious leader.
Contributed articles published on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of India's independence and in memory of Rajendra Prasad, 1884-1963, first president of India; articles on Siwan District, Bihar.
Story of Rama, Hindu deity in Indic poetry; a study.
On the life and works of Vidyapati Thakura, 15th century Maithili poet.
On Hindu Tantrism.
Prose rendering of the story of Rama, Hindu deity.
Contributed articles.
On Hindu rituals for marriage customs and rites; Sanskrit text with Hindi commentary.
Learning to play the reed organ in five days; includes songs with musical letter notation.
Hindu almanac.
On Rama, Hindu deity.
Classical work, expounding early Vedantic approach in Hindu philosophy.
Hindi translation of Bhagavatapurana, Hindu mythological text.
Hindi translation of Sivapurana, Hindu mythological text.
Classical work expounding early Vedantic approach in Hindu philosophy.
Interpretation of Bhagavatapurana, Hindu mythological text.
Study on travelogues of Balraj Sahni, Panjabi author.
Sources of Sikh history, 15th-17th century; translated from Persian.
Study on the fictional works of Gurdial Singh, b. 1933, Panjabi author.
Study on the works of Sanjaya Thapa, Nepali author.
Articles, news clippings, ministerial orders, and court proceedings, etc., on agitations against two controversial publications on women of Tamang, Nepalese people.
Biographical sketches of instrumentalists from Nepal.
Limbu language conversation and phrase book.
Contributed articles on corruption prevailing in every field of administration in Nepal.
On the theories of communism, with reference to Nepal.
History of Saptari District, Nepal; includes an account of its religious places.
Articles on the inner party factionalism in Communist Party of Nepal.
Dictionary of political, literary, and philosophical terms.
Guidebook for volunteers assisting in prevention of trafficking of women in Nepal.
Catalog of handwritten Nepali manuscripts preserved at National Archives, Kathmandu.
Brief profile about various tribes of Nepal.
On biological diversity conservation in Nepal; contributed articles.
Based on folk tales of Kiranti (Asian people) from Nepal.
Political viewpoints of Nepalese democrat leader.
Civil aviation in Nepal; contributed articles.
Ethnic conflicts in Nepal, with reference to reservation, autonomy, and federal state.
Study on foreign aid to Nepal.
Satirical essays.
Reminiscences of the author of his association with various 20th century Hindi authors; on the life and works of the latter.
On Ahalya, character of Hindu mythology.
Study of the works of Hindi poets during the reign of Akbar, Emperor of Hindustan, 1542-1605 with special reference to the works of Khan Khanan Abdur Rahim Khan, 1556-1627, Braj and Hindi poet.
Satirical.
Study of Hindi short stories by various 20th century Hindi authors with special reference to socialism depicted in them; covers the post 1970 period.
Based on the history of Tibet, China.
Human psychology as depicted in short stories by 20th century Hindi authors; a study.
Study of the works of Kabir, 15th century, Hindi poet with special reference to the depiction of secularism in his works.
On superstition and Hindu astrology.
Collection of short stories by Panjabi authors from Canada.
Contributed articles on Panjabi literary criticism.
Articles on social conditions of women in Punjab, India.
Biography of Sri Canda, 1492?-1642?, founder of Udasi sect in Sikhism.
Study on Sikh philosophy in context of modern science.
Interpretation of selected words from Adi-Granth, Sikh canon.
Classical treatise, with Avaloka Sanskrit commentary of Dhanika and Pradipa Hindi commentary, on Sanskrit dramaturgy; includes extensive introduction.
On Indira Gandhi, 1917-1984, former Indian Prime minister.
With reference to India.
On the development, formation, and culture of tribes in India.
Saiva Agamic text, with commentary and translation.
Sanskrit text with Sanskrit commentary and English notes.
Comparative study of the commentaries of Sayana, d. 1387 and Madhava on 1 Mandala of Rgveda.
Interpretative commentary of Bhagavadgita.
Chiefly on the sculpture of Bihar, India during ancient times.
Commentaries on portions of the Old Testament.
Contributed articles.
Collection of speeches, letters, expert writings, and opinions predominatly on issues relating to human rights of Dalits in India.
Concept of sin in literature of the world from earliest to modern times; a study.
Partition of India in 1947 and the role of the Rashtriya Swayam Sewak Sangh during the time; a study.
Study of the works of Kanhaiyalala Misra Prabhakara, b. 1906, Hindi author.
Poems, extracts of novels, and essays.
Study of the theme of non-violence in Hindi patriotic poetry of 20th century.
On the lives of noted Islamic scholars from Tonk, India.
Concordance of a Prakrit canonical text.
Treatise on the doctrines of Chaitanya sect in Vaishnavism; includes Gopalatosani Hindi commentary.
Astrological and philosophical interpretation of kala (time); includes Manjusa Sanskrit commentary.
Compilation of 56 articles on euthanasia, human rights, judicial system, etc.; in the Indian context.
Collection of judicial decisions on dowry death.
With reference to two tea gardens in West Bengal; located in the districts of Jalpaiguri and Darjeeling.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles.
Covers the period after 1947 till present.
Study on the socio-economic, demographic and developmental problems of Raji, Indic people of Uttar Khand Region.
Papers presented at a seminar held during January 5-6, 1999 at New Delhi.
Contributed articles with reference to India.
Contributed articles presented at the Workshop on the Constitution of India: a Case of Rethinking held in New Delhi in 1999; with reference to India.
With special reference to social and economic conditions of the people living in the slums of Kalkaji, India.
Critical study on the works of Akhatarujjamana Iliyasa.
Contributed papers at a writers' workshop held in Calcutta, West Bengal.
Biography of Sachin Tendulkar, b. 1973, cricket player from India.
Contributed articles.
Study with text and translation of sixteen works of Vallabhacarya, 1479-1531 on the doctrines of Vallabhachars.
With special reference to Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.
Contributed articles.
With reference to India.
Adaptation of an animation film for children made by Nina Sabnani.
On Sai Baba, 1836-1918, Indian mystic and saint.
Papers presented at the International Workshop on 'Renewable Energy Applications-Photovoltaic, Wind, and Small Hydro' held in New Delhi in 1996.
Papers presented at the International Workshop on Medicinal Plants, their Bio-activity, Screening and Evaluation.
Contributed articles with reference to India.
Autobiography of 20th century Marathi author.
Contributed articles presented at the Seminar on the Intellectual Dimensions of Bhakti Tradition in India held at Sri Caitanya Prema Sansthan from 13th to 16th Oct., 1988.
On democratic and just society; essays on challenges before India in the twenty-first century.
Essays.
Autobiography of an Indian military officer.
Collection of essays on the thoughts and reflections of filmmakers, technicians etc.
Selection of papers presented at the Fifth and Sixth Annual Conferences on "Contemporary Issues in Development Economics," held at and organized by Dept. of Economics, Jadavpur University, Calcutta, in September 1995 and December 1996.
Reproduction of authors political diary on the political developments from 1982 to 1985 in Afghanistan.
Selected papers delivered at a national seminar in 1998.
Study conducted in Uttar Pradesh.
With reference to Karnataka, India.
Analyses on the ecological, social, economic, and institutional aspects of forest policy.
In the Indian context; contributed articles.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles.
Study with reference to Katkari, Kolam, and Madia Gond tribes in Maharashtra, India.
Analytical study of the seventeen-year old civil war and the Indo-Sri Lanka relations during the period; account by a journalist.
Comparative study of prologues and epilogues of modern Indic literature that appeared in various Indian languages.
Memoirs of the author spread over more than 3 decades of 20th century as a police officer.
Papers presented at the fifth annual International Conference on Cognitive Systems held in 1999.
Papers presented at a seminar organized by Academy of Third World Studies.
With reference to Naupada, an Orissan village in the district of Ganjam.
Contributed articles, with reference to India.
Contributed research papers.
With reference to Anantapur District in Andhra Pradesh, India.
An account of the local religion, donyipolo, visualized as an energy in Arunachal Pradesh.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles.
On the alleged role of the Pakistan's Inter Service Intelligence in spreading terrorism in India.
With reference to India.
Papers presented at National Seminar on Independence Movement and Uttar Pradesh organized by Govind Ballabh Pant Social Science Institute, Allahabad in collaboration with University of Allahabad on August 11-13, 1998.
With reference to Karnataka, India.
Contributed articles.
Biography of Madhav Sadashiv Golwalkar, founder leader of Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh, Indian sociopolitical organization.
In the Indian context; contributed articles.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles on the life and works of former president of India Zakir Husain, 1897-1969; includes his contribution on Indian education.
With special reference to Pondicherry, India.
Festschrift in honor of Khushwant Singh, b. 1915, English author and journalist; contributed articles.
Papers presented at a seminar held in Beijing during April 1997.
Contributed articles.
Code of Buddhist monastic laws from canon.
Outcome of a seminar held in March 1999, at the Dept. of Political Science and Public Administration, Kumaon University, Nainital.
Contributed articles.
Experiences and observations of a journalist during his one year stay in Bihar, India.
Biography of Naval Pirojsha Godrej, b. 1916-1990, Indian industrialist.
On the social and economic conditions in early 20th century rural Maharashtra.
Contributed articles.
Sarasvati, Hindu deity, as depicted in Vedas, Agamas, Puranas, and Silpasastras.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles, with reference to India.
With reference to India.
Papers presented at the National Workshop on "Corruption at the Grassroots" held at Chennai on Dec. 3, 1998.
Contributed research papers on Indian culture and civilization.
Most topics relate to the Indian scene during the 18th-19th centuries.
On scrapping old and dysfunctional legislation.
Case study of India, with special reference to Madhya Pradesh.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Also includes proceedings of another national symposium.
In the Indian context.
Contribution of some of the significant socialist leaders on contemporary history of Indian freedom struggle and post 1947 socialist movement in India.
Papers presented at a National Seminar on "Globalisation and Ageing: Implications for Gerontological Social Work", organised by Tata Institute of Social Sciences on Dec. 22-24, 1997.
Bibliographical catalog of Indian performing arts.
Compilation of letters, writings, speeches entitled in pursuit of industrial harmony, of Naval Tata, an industrialist from India.
Study of particles (grammar) in Nirukta of Yaska, classical treatise on Vedic philology and synonyms.
Papers presented at the Consultation on Missions held at Ishvani Kendra, Pune, from June 7-9, 1999, with reference to India.
Report of group of Gandhian leaders and activists who visited the affected areas.
Biography of Banda Singha, Bahadara, 1670-1716?, Sikh military and religious leader.
History of the erstwhile state of Maler Kotla and biographies of descending rulers of Sheikh Sadruddin, fl. 1449-1508, the founder of the State.
Covers movements from Latin America, Asia, Africa, USA, Turkey, Canada, and Germany.
A study with reference to India.
Articles on modern Telugu literature.
Complete collection of short stories  of a 20th century Telugu author.
On ancient Telugu Buddhist sculpture and sculptors; covers the period, 300 B.C-1000 A.D.
Articles on various issues of Telugu literature with an emphasis on literary form.
Collected articles chiefly on political issues of Andhra Pradesh, from 1975 to the present.
Letters and diaries of Gurajada Venkata Apparao, 1861-1915, Telugu author.
On ancient temple sculpture and achitecture in Andhra Pradesh, based on Agamas, Hindu scriptures.
Popular articles on Vedas; widely read when they were first serialised in Telugu daily, Varta.
On the lives and works of Alvars, Vaishnavaite saints with a special emphasis on their poetical works.
Travel account of a Marathi author's visit to Bahrain; includes a part on social life of women in Bahrain.
On tribes of Maharashtra.
On the contribution of Swami Dayananda Sarasvati, 1824-1883, founder of Arya Samaj to the study of Vedic literature in Hindi.
Collection of articles on the works of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938, Urdu poet.
Literary history of Sironj, India with reference to Urdu.
Devotional poetry on Kali (Hindu deity).
On various common surnames adopted by both the Hindu and the Muslim communities of West Bengal and Bangladesh.
On the historic "Munda Revolution", 1895-1900, an important peasant uprise in Bihar against the British government by the Munda tribes.
History of Barrackpore Subdivision in West Bengal.
Articles on some famous Bengali plays and playwrights.
Telugu translation and interpretation of Atharvaveda, Hindi sacred work; based on Hindi translation of Ksemakaranadasa Trivedi.
History of Bangladeshi philosophy.
By various authors.
By various 20th century Mongolian authors.
Collective biography of Mongolian queens.
Study on Mongolian marmot.
Study on the Mongolian family.
Collection of early speeches and interviews of Mongolian president TSakhiagiin Elbegdorzh.
On historical monuments of Mongolia.
Selected works of a Mongolian author.
History of Mongolian warfare during 13th century.
Selected works of a Mongolian poet.
Selected poems of Mongolian author Namasrayijab Altansa.
Selected short stories of a Mongolian author.
Practice of awarding the noble rank, degree, and title to administrators in Mongolia during Manchu rule.
Introduction to Kuki Chin people of Burma.
A bibliography on the study and research on the songs of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941.
On Indian politics centering quick changes in the prime-ministership of India.
On the origin, sociological background and peculiarities of Indian witchcraft.
Articles on Bengali culture and the people.
Contributed articles on eminent Bengali scientist Satyendranath Bose, 1894-1974, and his scientific contributions.
Articles on the origin and development of communalism in India as reflected in the Vedic literature and other canonical texts.
A discourse on Rabindranath Tagore as a "reader".
On the war of 1999 between India and Pakistan, at Kargil.
On the life and works of Advaita Mallabarmana, 1914-1951, 20th century Bengali author.
On the views of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941 on various social issues.
Transcript of autobiographical interview of Saumitra Cattopadhyaya, b. 1935, film and stage actor from West Bengal, India.
Study on social history of 19th century Bengal as reflected in the articles and reports of contemporary periodicals and newspapers.
Anthology of short stories by writers of Karimnagar District of Andhra Pradesh.
Autobiography of Telugu author and social worker from Tamil Nadu.
Sociological analysis of power and the activity of civil leaders under the new laws of the Republic of Armenia. The role of the people in a democratic society is part of the context for this discussion.
Analysis of the political elite and political leadership which are developing in the Republic of Armenia.
The new civil procedural code of the Republic of Kazakhstan.  Among the topics covered are:  Civil procedure laws of the Republic of Kazakhstan.  Jurisdiction and subordination.  Composition of a court and disqualification.  Participants in a case.   Representation in court.  Evidence and proof.  Filing a suit.  Security for costs.  Preparing a case for trial.  The trial.  The verdict and its execution. Stay of proceedings. Terminating proceedings.  Non-review of an application.  Determination of the court.  Protocols.  Proceedings and judgment in the defendant's absence.  Cases involving citizens' voting rights.  Cases contesting the resolutions of administrative agencies and officials.  Cases challenging the legality of statutes and regulations.
Banking laws in the Republic of Armenia, including laws concerning the operation of the Central Bank of Armenia.
Criminal law code of the Republic of Armenia with amendments up to 05-01-98.
About Musaa Ka and his literary output.
Religious symbols; Judaism.
Short stories.
Poetry.
Novel.
Novel.
Palestine; nationalism; socialism; globalization; world new order; Arab-Israeli conflict; history; congresses.
Arab riots, 1929; Palestine; politics and government; Arab-Israeli conflict; 20th century; history.
Arbitration; Saudi Arabia; rules and codes.
Voluntary separation; divorce; Islamic law.
Islamic law; Hanbalites; fatwas; Muslim scholars; Saudi Arabia.
Books lending; Islamic law.
Miscellaneous essays; previously published in some Saudi newspapers.
Novel.
Tunisia; intellectual life.
Public administration; Tunisia; laws and legislations.
Administrative courts; government procedures; Tunisia.
Administration and management; government procedures; Tunisia.
Short stories.
Novel.
City planning and redevelopment; Tunisia; laws and legislations.
Government and state; government procedure; Tunisia.
Employment, public administration; government procedure; Tunisia.
Novel.
Novel.
Short stories.
penal law; Tunisia; laws and legislations.
Civil procedures; Tunisia.
Bank and banking; banker; Tunisia; laws and legislations; congresses.
Criminal law; appellate procedure; tunisia; study.
Body damges; Tunisia; laws and legislations.
Associations; Tunisia; laws and legislations.
Music; Arab countries; terminology; dictionary.
Real property; Tunis; laws and legislations.
Women; Arab countries; bibliography.
Judaism; Zionism; relations; Israel
Collection of footnotes founded on classic works; Arabic quotations.
Business failures; laws and legislations; Tunisia.
Novel.
Modern Arts; Egypt; 20th century.
Novel.
Arts, modern; Tunis; 20th century.
Arts; pintings, modern; Jordan; 20th century.
Novel.
Short stories.
Short stories.
Short stories.
Short stories.
Poetry.
Poems.
Poetry.
Poems.
Poems.
Arabic short stories.
Poems.
Arabic poems.
Islamic law; interpretation and construction; Ph.D. dissertation.
Saudi Arabia; geography; history.
Zionism; Arab-Israeli conflict; religious aspects; peace process; Middle East; history.
Miscellaneous essays.
Short stories.
Novel.
author's perspectives of kings and rulers; Arab countries; politics and government; world politics
Safavids; Iran; Ottoman empire; relations; history.
Short stories.
Poems.
Markets; Kuwait; customes; history.
Novel.
Short stories.
Frensh occupation; influences; education policy; Algeria; education and state; history.
East and West; conflict of civilizations; cross-cultural studies.
Arabic short stories.
Administrative legislations; taxes legislations; Tunisia.
Prose essays.
Novel.
Poetry.
Arab; Armenia; relations; history.
Arab-Israeli conflect; peace; politics and government.
Lawyers union; Egypt; democracy; politics and government; 20th century; history.
Investments (Islamic law); banks and banking; religious aspects; Islam.
Poetry.
Literary writings.
Darwish ibn Karam, 1919-1985; educators; United Arab Emirates; biography.
Poetry.
Inheritance and succession (Islamic law); questions and answers.
Arabic short stories.
Short stories.
Muslim scholars; Andalusia; Malikites; Islamic law; fatwas; early works to 1800.
Dhimmis; minorities; Egypt; ethnic relations; Islamic Empire; 640-1250; history.
Short stories.
Poetry.
Labor contract; laws and legislations; comparative law; Bahrain.
Drugs; laws and legislations; United Arab Emirates; international agreements.
Portuguese occupation; Persian Gulf countries; South of Arabian Peninsula; politics and government; 1507-1525; history.
Arabian Peninsula; history; sources; Ottoman documents.
Poems.
Arabic essays.
Legislation on the activities and qualifications of the legal profession in Armenia.
Questions and answers concerning post-Soviet legislation in Armenia concerning economic relationships, factory ownership, establishment of legal economic entities, etc.
Development of state and national ideologies in the post-Soviet period in Armenia and the development of constitutional law.
Amendments and changes to Armenian tax legislation.
Concerning legislation on limited liability associations.
Law concerning the set-up of courts of law in the Republic of Armenia.
Law concerning prosecutors and the prosecutorial system in the Republic of Armenia.
Discussion of the concepts of taxation and the new tax laws of the Republic of Armenia.
Three banking laws, including legislation on the Central Bank of the Republic of Armenia.
Law concerning corporations owned by stockholders.
Law concerning procedure in civil law.
The author gives his interpretation of that part of Armenia's draft criminal law code which speaks of criminal activity directed against the health/well-being of other individuals.
"One of the first studies of electricity in a Mexican state. Author writes from an economics perspective; there is no attempt to look at this facet of modernization from a social standpoint"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
LC copy imperfect: p. 22 is blank.
Reproduces the tract volumes, containing broadsides and pamphlets from the 16th and 17th centuries in England, primarily from the British Library.  Materials correspond to the dates of the two microfilm collections, entitled: Early English books, 1475-1640; and, Early English books, 1641-1700.
Explores the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle. The Earth has other such anomalous zones, these places are also investigated.
The Health/Life Safety Code Advisory Committee was created in January 1999 to assess issues related to the health/life safety amendment process in Illinois regarding school facilities. The appendices of the Committee's report include public hearing testimony. The condensed transcript of the public hearing held on July 7, 1999, is accompanied by a concordance.
Analyzes the potential environmental consequences of managing the calcinated high-level waste and liquid mixed transuranic waste at the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory. Also analyzes the disposition of existing and proposed high-level waste facilities after their missions have been completed.
Includes a listing by subject of the general purpose powers granted to local governments in Illinois. Gives a brief description of the powers with citations to the Illinois Compiled Statutes.
Contains details of the changes to be made to balance of payments and international investment position statistics resulting from the implementation of new statistical standards from September quarter 1997. Includes a brief description of the new statistical framework, a comparison with existing frameworks, and details of the changes to be made in the next releases of balance of payments and international investment statistics. Also includes tables showing data compiled on the new basis for the periods and series covered by the June quarter 1997 issues of Balance of Payments, Australia (5302.0) and International Investment Position, Australia (5306.0) and by the September 1997 issue of International Trade in Goods and Services, Australia (5368.0). Historical series of the main aggregates are provided.
Describes what chain volume and price indexes are, their advantages and disadvantages with respect of fixed-weight indexes, and how and when they are to be implemented in the Australian national accounts and associated statistics.
Australia's Indigenous population has experienced large increases in population counts in recent censuses. This paper examines the issues underlying Indigenous population growth and attempts to quantify elements of increase.
Presents selected data from the 1995 National Health Survey about the health of Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians (excluding those living in remote areas).  Topics include measures of health status, health actions taken, and lifestyle factors which may influence health.
His family, peers, and teachers despair of eighteen-year-old Luke, who seems to have turned himself into a loser, failing at school, paralyzed with fear and indecision, losing touch with reality.
Contains information about the concepts and methods used in sampling, data collection and processing the 1997 National Survey of Mental Health and Wellbeing of Adults.  Also included is a complete list of output data items and associated material to assist users in specifying data requirements.
Outlines decisions reached by the  Australian Bureau of Statistics in undertaking a periodic review of the Consumer Price Index (CPI).  Major issues for the review included the principal purpose of the CPI, frequency of compilation, population coverage and commodity classification and item coverage which were discussed in Information Paper : issues to be considered during the 13th series Australian consumer price index review (Cat no. 6451.0)
In 2154, sixteen-year-old Alison, eight-year-old Gordie, and their dissident parents are arrested and taken to a sterile dome in a hostile environment, but Gordie escapes and Alison follows him to the place he calls Xanadu.
On the eve of World War II, Hart, an Australian boy, and Mitsy, a Japanese-Australian girl, fall in love but are driven apart.
Ellie and her friends, a small band of teenagers trying to survive in the Australian countryside, continue to resist the enemies who have invaded their country.
In 1760, thirteen-year-old John MacNeil, a skilled artist, leaves England and his beloved twin sister to join his father on a journey to the Canadian wilderness, where his role as official cartographer brings him often dangerous adventures, including an encounter with Pontiac, Chief of the Ottawas.
Presents information about people aged 65 and over living in Australia.  The major themes covered in this report include: population distribution and growth; living arrangements and care; health and disability; housing, transport, use of technology, crime and safety; employment, income and financial security; social participation.  In each chapter, data are presented in tabular, braphic and textual form.
Examines the seasonal and trading day influences on retail trade in December. The monthly Retail Trade series is released in ABS catalogue number 8501.0.  The paper examines seasonal trade patterns for November, December and January and whether or not there is a trading day effect in December.
"The stories collected here are told by Maori men and women who were physically disciplined at school for speaking the Maori language"--Back cover.
The entire village of Cheticamp, Nova Scotia, looks forward to the arrival of Tante Marie's great-great-niece, seven-year-old Claire, but no one succeeds in making friends with the quiet little girl until Tante Marie goes back to hooking a rug and Claire decides to investigate.
Memoirs, comments, and recommendations of a Russian judge, Boris Naurzov.  Topics include:     Respect for law, The culture of judicial work, Judicial ethics, Crimes stemming from local (e.g., ethnic) customs, The concept of justice, Juvenile crime and lack of supervision, Judicial verdicts, Improving court performance in the struggle with theft, President Yeltsin's decree of June 14, 1994, no. 1225, On measures to protect the population from banditry and other manifestations of organized crime, Texts of speeches by prominent jurists in the 1970s and 1980s concerning the improvement of judicial performance in the USSR.
Horbe and Zwottel have many adventures including making pri-pra-preisel berry marmalade.
"Thorough study of Spain's role in Mexican affairs during the 1860s, with excellent essays on the debt, diplomacy, the Spanish view of Mexican culture as seen in France, and the identity of the Spanish community in Mexico. Also includes collection of short biographies of the leading players. Excellent contribution"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
"Excellent color plates of pictorial folding manuscripts and line drawings provide a fascinating insight into precolumbian Mixtec culture. Included are the Codices Fejervary Mayer,  Laud,  Cospi, Borgia, Vindobonensis, Nuttall, Vaticanus, Dresdensis, and Codex Porfirio Diaz. Emphasizing the significance of recent technology, which facilitates increased study of these ancient manuscripts, the accompanying well-written text, translations, and interpretations make this volume a valuable addition to Mexican ethnography and ethnohistory"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
A collection of tales in which a poor couple discovers they are right to fear a talking pot, a bride learns that her mother's words are true, and a curious grandmother decides to walk to the end of the earth.
Papers read at a conference on Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1876-1938, renowned south Asian poet.
Socio-cultural and economical problems, with special reference to Pakistani women; articles previously published in various dailies from 1985-1991.
Geographical study of Swat District, Pakistan.
Analytical study of socialism as solution to deteriorating political conditions in Pakistan.
Archaeological study of Hazara District, Pakistan.
Historial study of various ancient customs during 18th and 19th century in Hunza, Pakistan.
Historical study of the development of agriculture by Muslims during various periods from early times to 19th century.
Historical study of the contribution of Muslims in the field of education, science and technology.
History and criticism of the works of Khvajah Ghulam Farid, 1845?-1901, mystic Sufi poet from South Asia; chiefly views of western critics.
On Islamic and judicial issues with reference to Pakistan; articles previously published in Pakistani dailies from 1970-1990.
Critical articles on the works of Urdu poets from Bahawalpur, Pakistan.
Author's travel impressions of his migration to Pakistan in 1947.
Political aspects of the separation of Dhaka, Bangladesh from Pakistan based on the Hamudurrahman Commission Report.
Travel impressions of the author to North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan and Afghanistan; a socio-cultural study.
Cataloging and classification of Urdu manuscripts.
Selected miscellaneous articles and essays of the Iranian author, a painter and graphist, during 1974-1991.
Subjective selection of laudatory poems by various south Asian Urdu poets.
Analytical study of the works of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, d. 1878-1938, by reputed Urdu writers and scholars.
Articles published in daily newspaper Markaz from Islamabad during 1997-1999.
Wit and humour.
Proceedings of a seminar held on Jan. 04, 2000.
Memoirs of an ex-cultural attache from Pakistan posted in Iran during 1949-1967; includes obituaries published in Iranian journals and newspaper in his honor.
On the life and eminence of Sayyid Maluk Shah, a 17th century Muslim sufi saint from Qadiriyah Order; includes biographical sketches of some other Muslim saints from the same Order and period.
Historical stories for children.
Wit and humour.
Ghazals.
Brief historical study of Wakhi language, spoken in Gilgit, Pakistan; includes a primer of the language.
Analytical study of patriotism in the poetry of Jamiluddin Ali, 20th century renowned Pakistani Urdu poet.
On the lives and works of Urdu writers and scholars from Hyderabad Deccan, India.
Articles on the literary achievements of Afaq Siddiqi, a noted scholar, highlighting his contirbutions in promoting Sindhi literature through Urdu translations and analytical studies.
Biographical sketches of poets from Baluchistan, Pakistan; includes samples from their works.
Selections from the works of renowned Urdu poets from South Asia.
A study on the journalistic writings of Faiz Ahmad Faiz; b. 1911 renowned south Asian poet; includes his selected editorials.
Research articles on selected classical literary and religious works and on the lives of noted literary personalities of 18th to 20th century.
Critical appreciation on the works of Varis Shah, fl. 1766, renowned Punjabi poet; includes samples from his works.
Analytical study on increasing political affiliation and violence in Pakistani students from 1970s onwards; collection of interviews of prominent Pakistani politicians and educationists.
Analytical study and critical appreciation of the works of some modern Urdu writers.
Wit and humor.
On the socio-political problems in Sindh and Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Wit and humour; articles on socio-political conditions in Pakistan after the coup on October 12, 1999.
Author's interpretation of various alleged contradictions in the commentaries of the Koran by different commentators.
On the lives and struggle of several Muslim leaders against western imperialism; chiefly during 19th and 20th century.
On declining socio-political conditions in Pakistan vis-a-vis pace of development in modern developing countries.
Author's reminesences on the life and eminence of Abulkalam Azad.
Author's memoirs of his colleagues and army career; includes articles on literary and social topics.
Brief history of library and information sciences in Pakistan.
Historical study of modern Iranian literature.
Compilation of laudatory poetry written by south Asian poets; includes its short history.
Historical study of the art of writing and calligraphy; includes samples.
Fictionalized account of a Kashmiri freedom fighter, depicting the alleged atrocities of Indian Army in Kashmir.
Laudatory poetry; includes a study on the life and works of a south Asian laudatory poetess by various acquaintances.
Traditional methods of treatment through fruits, vegetables and herbs.
Directory of various institution for women in Pakistan.
Analytical and historical study of literary journals some ceased and some still being published from Karachi, Pakistan from 1947 to date.
On the alleged American conspiracies and anti-Pakistan activities in Pakistan.
Critical study and author's views against the use of veil and dress code for females according to Islamic teachings.
Author's diary on the life and rule of Muhammad Zialulhaq, ex-Martial Law Administrator of Pakistan.
Critical study of C.T.B.T. (Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty) with special reference to Pakistan.
On the role of international secret agencies in deteriorating law and order situation in Pakistan.
Based on freedom movement of women in Jammu and Kashmir.
Articles published in daily "Pakistan" and "Ausaf"; chiefly author's reminiscences of her literary contacts.
Selection from the works of Urdu short story writers.
Historical study of Urdu literature, from early 19th century till late 20th century; collection of articles by Urdu scholars from Pakistan.
On the alleged corruption of a promiment political family of Gujrat in Pakistan.
Compiled interviews of politicians, bureaucrats and ex-chief justice of Pakistan on the role of the Pakistani government in general.
Analytical and historical study of the rule of Aurangzeb, Emperor of Hindustan, 1618-1707 by two authors with different views.
Three findings about a manuscript written by Mirza Asadullah Khan Ghalib, 1797-1869 south Asian poet; published as new in 1998, refuted by author as being the same manuscript introduced in 1954 and alleged stolen from Punjab University Library and now presented as new.
Biography of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632; includes study of the works of some classical and modern writers of his biography.
On God's love and mercy as interpreted in Koran and Hadith (Islamic traditions).
On the life and eminence of the wives of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
History and criticism of Siraiki literature; includes quotations in Urdu.
Includes introductry notes.
Biographical sketches of modern Urdu prose writers, mostly settled in the West.
Based on socio-cultural problems with reference to Pakistan.
Historical and analytical study of the turbulent caliphate of Uthman ibn Affan d. 656.
Selected verses of ten famous Pakistani poetesses; includes their biographical sketches.
Biographical sketch on the life of Majid Lahauri, d. 1913-1957; a noted journalist.
Selected verses from the Koran depicting scenes of the Day of judgement.
Articles on various socio-cultural and political topics; published in the daily Jang from 1979-1984.
Recipe book of Pakistani and Chinese cousines.
Collection of speeches on various religio-political topics by young Pakistani speakers.
Historical study of Swat, Pakistan, from ancient times to the 20th century.
List of Urdu manuscripts published in renowned Urdu periodicals during 19th century.
Treatment of various diseases chiefly through traditional herbs as narrated in Islamic traditions.
Laudatory poetry.
Author's travel impressions based on socio-cultural aspects during his visit to Brazil in 1998.
On the virtue of God's mercy based on Islamic ideology.
On the love of God and its beings as interpreted in Islamic beliefs.
Translation and explanatory notes of two Persian couplets; includes original text.
Author's poetical works; includes his brief life sketch.
Includes introductry notes by various Panjabi authors.
Autobiography of a renowned Urdu poet from Pakistan.
On the life and status of woman in Sindhi culture.
Historical, political and socio-cultural study of Northern Areas of Pakistan.
Selections from the works of renowned Urdu writers from South Asia.
Historical study of Persian literature in Iran.
On student movements in Pakistan.
Socio-cultural, literary and political study of Sindh, Pakistan during 20th century.
Articles published in newspapers from 1998 to 2000; chiefly political.
History of Sindh, Pakistan in question and answer form.
On the life and works of Nazir Husain, Sindhi poet and political leader, early 20th century.
Islamic encylopedia.
Articles on the life and works of Shafiqurrahman, Urdu wit and humor writer.
Study on proper use of pronouns in Sindhi language.
Collected poetry of a 20th century contemporary Sindhi poet; includes his biographical sketch.
Bibliography of books written on Shah Abd al-Latif, d.1689-1752, Sindhi mystic poet.
On literary topics, includes samples from his poetical works.
Literary, cultural and philosophical columns previously published in daily Nava-yi waqt and Khabrain in question answer form by an Urdu scholar.
Articles on critical appreciation of elegiac poetry, written during pilgrimage to Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
Biography of Nizamuddin Auliya, 1236-1325, sufi saint.
Short biographies of 30 Muslim scholars, includes their sayings.
Author's philosophical, spiritual and Islamic views on code of ethics.
Recipes of Pakistani barbecue dishes.
History and struggle of business endeavours of the family of Muhammad Navaz Sharif, ex-prime minister of Pakistan.
Elegiac poetry.
Recipes of Pakistani cuisine.
Collection of oriental household tips for various remedies.
Tourist guide of Swat valley.
Historical background and tourist guide of Swat, Pakistan.
On alleged extra marital affairs and immoral activities of prominent Pakistani politicians during last 40 years.
On alleged exploitation of MQM (Muttahida Quami Movement) by the Pakistan government.
Author's literary articles, interviews and addresses on various topics; chiefly on sufism.
Historical study of the breakup of Pakistan in 1971; includes excerpts from Hamoodur Rehman Commission report.
Critical study of the works of Mirza Asadullah Khan Ghalib, 1797-1869.
Historical novel on Kashmiri freedom movement.
Selection of literary articles published in daily Pushto newspaper Wahdat, Peshawar.
Historical study of Afghanistan society with special emphasis to discrimination and prejudice among various Pushtun tribes and its ill effects.
Articles chiefly on political issues of Sindh; previously published in weekly Cining from 1998 to 1999.
Travelogue of Sindh, Pakistan; memoirs of a reputed Urdu journalist.
Initial word in every line arranged by the first Arabic letter, Alif.
Poems and articles of the author.
Depicting life experiences of the author and historical study of Phanvaru family.
Collection of Islamic traditions on various subjects.
On the life and works of Badaruddinu Ujjan, b. 1947 Sindhi writer; includes critical appreciation by various writers and letters written to him by his friends and assosiates.
On Islamic teachings, specially on forgiveness.
Critical analysis of Sindhi novel writing; research article.
On the life of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
Critical appreciation of Patah Khazanah fi al-mizan by Muhammad Qaladar Momand, being a research study of Patah Khazanah, a classical Pushto work on Pushto poets of 17th and 18th centuries.
Works of a 20th century Pushto poet.
Historical and social study of Thal Desert in Sindh, Pakistan.
On the life and works of Gulnar Begam, a well known Pushto singer.
Selections from the verses of ten noted 20th century Urdu poets; includes critical appreciation of their works.
Report of Al Pakistan Ejukeshanal Kanfarans held in March 1954 at Karachi.
An encyclopedia of 20th century important personalities and historical events.
Chronological and historical encyclopedia of Pakistan.
On modern literary criticism; includes critical analysis on the works of various Urdu writers.
Historical and analytical study of the Battle of Karbala, 680 with particular reference to Husain ibn Ali's choice of geographical locations for his movement.
On the sancitity of the sacrifices by Husain ibn Ali in the Battle of Karbala, 680; Shiah viewpoint.
Wefayi, ca. 1844-ca. 1900; Kurdish poet; biography; Kurdistan (Iran); sufi poetry; history and criticism.
Literary miscellany.
Papers read at a seminar.
Papers read at a seminar on the life and religious activities of Mufti Mahmud, b. 1919.
Collection of short stories for character building of Iranian youth.
Essays on the population, history and current affairs of Afghanistan.
Author's views and justifcations for being a Muslim; includes brief comparative study and refutation of Christian views.
Literary miscellany; includes autobiography of the author.
On alleged religious discrimination of Islam by Hindus and their expansionist aims in South Asia.
Views of a Muslim scholar on the present century with particular reference to Islam.
On the causes and remedies of various crimes, with particular reference to Pakistan; includes views of different western scholars on criminality.
On human rights as interpreted in Islam with particular reference to the role of NGO's in Pakistan; includes speeches by Maulana Fazlurrahman, leader of a religio-political party, delivered on this topic in various seminars.
Historical study of corrpution by the politicians, retired Army officers and bureaucrats in Pakistan from 1948 till date.
Includes short biograhpical sketch of the poet.
Comprehensive work on the life and teachings of Prophet Muhammad, d. 632.
Collection of seminal writings of the author.
Collection of speeches and articles by a 20th century Muslim sufi saint.
Teachings of Sayyid Zavvar Husain, 20th century Muslim sufi saint.
Study of the teachings of the Prophet Muhammad, d. 632 and their validity in the light of modern science.
Literary miscellany.
On the preaching of Islam.
Selected poetry with an interview of author.
Literary miscellany.
On Pushto grammar.
Archaeological study of Upper Sindh; includes biographical sketches of some noted personalities of the area.
Summary of the six books written by Muhammad al-Tijani Samawi on religion.
Rights of woman in Islam; scholarly study.
On the life and works of Mir Soz, d. 1789, a well known Urdu poet.
Insertion of poets own work into the works (laudatory poetry) of renowned South Asian poets.
In condemnation of innovations in Islam base on Hadith (Islamic traditions).
On the belief of Prophet Muhammad's recommendation for God's forgiveness for his followers on the Day of Judgement.
On the freedom movement of Afghanistan against British rule.
Collection of Pushto epithets with their meanings in Persian.
Description of Hell according to Islam.
Dictionary of words common in Pushto and Avesta, ancient Aryan language.
Concise history of Pakistan in chronological order during 50 years of its independence, from 14 August, 1947 to 14 August, 2000.
On religious tolerance from Islamic point of view.
In refutation of claims by various non-Muslim groups about changes in the Koran.
On war as interpreted in Hadith (Islamic traditions).
On the role and importance of Prophets in Islam.
Scholarly study of martyres in the Battle of Karbala, Iraq, 680.
Philosophy, Islamic.
On the terminology used in fiqh.
Fictionalized account of the life of Rabiah al-Adawiyah, d. 801?.
Commentary of Koran.
Shiah; Spiritual healing; religious aspects; Islam.
Collection of papers read at a Seminar held in Koln, Germany in August 1999 on the occasion of 80th anniversary of Afghanistan's liberation from the British rule.
Historical and geographical study of Afghan tribe.
Chiefly on the constitutional laws of Afghanistan.
Historical and geographical study of Afghan rulers, .
Income tax laws in Afghanistan.
Narration of selected verses on philosophical ideology of Hafiz, 14th century Persian poet.
On religious life in Islam.
Postal mail system in Afghanistan.
Afghan Government laws for employment and retirement.
On historical importance in Sindhi literature of Shah jo risalu; a classical work by Shah Abd al-Latif, 1689-1752.
Khuwarizmi, Muhammad ibn al-Abbas, 934 or 5-993 or 4; Arabic poetry; history and criticism.
God (Islam); attributes; imams; Shiites; doctrines.
Juvenile literature.
Juvenile literature.
Shiah -- Apologetic works. (BP194.1 .S94+)
Husayn ibn Ali, d. 680; Hasan ibn Ali, d. ca. 669; biography.
Pushto neologisms.
Historical study of Bamiyan tribe of Afghanistan.
Short introduction to Islam.
Controversial queries on prayer in Islam.
Interviews of leading Pushto writers and poets by Hanif Khalil.
Miscellaneous writings of the author, a renowned Persian fiction writer.
Azerbaijani folkloric story of Koroglu translated into Persian prose for children.
Critical appreciation of Persian poetry of late 19th and early 20th century.
On the life and works of Zarghun Shah Mama, an Afghan army officer killed by Russians.
Collected articles on the life and works of Miya Sadullah Khan Nasim, b. 1908, Pushto poet.
Articles on the life and works of Qalandar Momand, 20th century Pushto poet.
Collected articles on the life and works of Qalandar Momand, b. 1930, Pushto poet.
Genealogical study of Khalil family, one of the notable tribes from North-west Frontier Province, Pakistan.
Literary works of authors from Khyber Agency, NWFP; includes their short biographical sketches.
Explanation of famous Pushto quotations, in the light of Koran and science.
Historical study of various Iranian and Afghan rulers of Hirat province of Afghanistan, from 9th to 19th century.
Tenth of Muharram; Hadith; Shiites; criticism and interpretation; poetry; in literature.
Fatimah, d. 632 or 3; Hadith (Shiite); biography.
Shiah; doctrines; Islamic ethics; Islamic law.
On Persian wit and humor.
Folk tales from Khurasan, Iran.
On the political history of Muhajir Qaumi Movement, a political party of Pakistan and role of the security agencies against its establishment.
Historical study of market places for horse trading and slave trade during 14th to 20th century; includes historical study of some ancient places in Lahore.
Analytical study of the art of writing Panjabi in Shahmukhia (Persian) script.
Critical appreciation of couplet poems of Sultan Bahu; includes specimens of his works.
In Panjabi.
Critical study of the evolution of Panjabi ghazal from early 19th century till modern times.
Commentary of Qasidat al-Burdah, a 12th century work on Islamic traditions written by Sharaf al-Din Muhammad ibn Said Busiri.
Ghazals.
Papers read at a seminar.
Critical appreciation of the works of some modern Panjabi writers.
Proceedings of an international Panjabi conference.
On sociopolitical problems in Pakistan.
Biographical sketches of Panjabi poets with samples of their works, chiefly ghazals.
History and criticism of Panjabi folk songs.
Critical and analytical study of the works of noted Panjabi poets.
Collection of articles on socio-economic and political topics published in various Panjabi newspapers.
Correspondences between Abdulqadiru Junejo and Muhammadu Ibrahimu Joyo, noted Sindhi writers during 1966-1976.
On the life and political career of Allah Bakhshu Sumro, a noted Sindhi politician; collection of articles.
Autobiography of a noted Indian politician.
Autobiography of ex-prime minister of Pakistan.
Review of Hamudurrahman Commission Report; detail study of the separation of East Pakistan, now Bangladesh.
On the emergence and eminence of Ali Muhammad Shirazi Bab, 1819-1850 and Bahaullah, 1817-1892 according to Bahai religion.
Recipes of Pakistani and continental dishes.
Biographical sketch of Sher Khan, Pakistan Army officer martyred during Kargil War, 1999.
On political views and vision of Umar ibn al-Khattab, d. 644,  Caliph of Islam.
Critical analysis of the works of various poets; chiefly Urdu.
Critical appreciation of "Ilmuliqtisad" a book on modern economics by Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938; selected articles by Urdu critics.
Selected hymns in praise of Prophet Muhammad.
Biography of Nasrullah Khan, d.1919, a veteran Pakistani politician.
Autobiography of a Sindhi writer and poet.
On the role of government agencies in Pakistani politics.
On Islam in the 21st century; articles previously published in various journals, dailies, etc.
List of extra judicial killings of the workers of MQM (Muhajir Qaumi Movement), a political party of Pakistan.
Critical essays on the literary works of various Urdu writers.
Biographical sketches of noted Sindhi scholars and writers; includes some of their correspondences.
On the political career and murder of Murtaza Bhutto, brother of ex-prime minister of Pakistan.
Versified Urdu translation of Payam-i Mashriq a classical couplet poem.
Collected essays, memoirs on the life of Hakim Mohammad Said.
Biographical sketches of some Pakistani armed forces martyred during the wars of 1947-1999.
Collection of speeches delivered during 1987-1999 by a Sindhi political worker on political, cultural and social problems in Sindh, Pakistan.
Collection of articles by Pakistan politicians on the controversial Kala Bagh Dam issue.
Collection of Sindhi idioms.
Philosophical theories of Shah Abd al-Latif, 1689-17552, a Sindhi sufi writer.
Teachings and philosophy of Islam.
Collected essays on socio-political problems in Sindh, Pakistan.
Collected wit and humorous articles published in various newspapers.
Analytical and research study of Baluchi language.
Historical study of various rulers who ruled Sindh from early times to date.
On Balochi language and literature; includes critical appreciation of noted 20th century Balochi writers.
Scholarly study of Brahui prose; includes biographical sketches of noted Brahui scholars.
History of Baluchi literature with biographical sketch of some noted Baluch rulers and scholars'; includes Baluchi grammar.
Collection of historical and analytical articles on Baluchi language and literature.
Historical and analytical study of Baluchi language and literature.
On superstitious beliefs and omen particularly in Baloch tribes.
On global secret services and spy training.
On the role of Masud Azhar, freedom fighter during the hijacking of an Indian plane in December 1999; includes details of the activities of the freedom fighters in Afghanistan and Kashmir.
Review of Hamudurrahman Commission Report; detail study of separation of East Pakistan.
Critical appreciation of various fields of modern Urdu literature; collection of articles.
Commedy drama telecast from Pakistan Television chiefly on social issues.
Personal diary of a serving Deputy Commissioner based on his political and socio-cultural experiences from 1974-1994.
Author's impressions of various happenings during 19th and 20th centuries leading to the creation of Pakistan.
Historical study of the fall of various governments in Pakistan 1952 to 1999.
Personal memoirs of a reputed Pakistani columnist.
English language; dictation; grammar; in Sorani dialect.
Kurdish music wrote for violin, tanbur and piano.
Arab-Israeli War, 1967; novel.
Poetry.
Arab-Israeli conflict; Palestine; politics and government; 1990s; essays.
World new order; influences; Arab countries; 1990s.
Persian Gulf War, 1991; American and British sanctions against Iraq
Armenians; Egypt; history; 19th century.
Intellectuals; intellectual life; Arab countries; Western influences; culture conflict.
Miscellaneous essays.
collected essays.
On Islam; God (Islam); controversy work.
Quotations and maxims.
Abrogated Hadith; early works to 1800.
Medicine, Arabic.
Play.
Arabic language; generative grammar; influences; Koran; commentaries; hermeneutics.
Commercial papers and documents; commercial law; Libya.
Ibn Abd al-Wahhab, Abd Allah ibn Muhammad, d. 1826 or 7; Islamic dawah; Saudi Arabia; history.
On Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Mutawalli and his views on Koran readings.
Contracts; Islamic law; thesis.
Police and human rights; Islamic law.
Islamic law; Saudi Arabia; Ulama; biographies.
Islamic art and symbolism.
Freemasonry and Judaism; religious aspects; Islam.
Novel.
Novel.
Education; Morocco; laws and legislations; digests.
Theatre; semiotics and the arts; history and criticism.
Short stories.
Analysis of plans to privatize Panama's national telecommunications industry.
Excellent anthology of scholarly writings on the Panama Canal, organized by sections on historical development, legal aspects, economic importance, military bases, ecology, technical factors and the process of reversion.
Contains information on the general agricultural policy and the process of economical and social planning in Morocco, Algeria, and Tunis from 1956 to 1990.
History of municipality of Zacatecas.
The first volume of a study on the care, behavior and exploitation of the bulls offered as bloodsport sacrifices in Mexico. Sections include the raising of the bulls, the nature and behavior of the beasts and the use of medication to tranquilize them.
Papers presented at the I Congreso Regional de Medio Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible held in Guatemala, Aug. 1999.
Platform of a coalition of four leftist political parties (URNG, DIA, FDNG, UNID) for the presidential elections of 1999.
An analysis of contemporary systems of higher education, with focus on societal differences, reform in Latin America, recent transformations and the impact of neoliberal globalization.
An excellent study of higher education in Guatemala, including recent history and reforms, the major universities of Guatemala City and the provinces, postgraduate programs and trends among students.
Contains archelogical findings in the Southwest of the Iberian Peninsula region during the Bronze Age era.
Historical and literary analysis of Columbus' famous letter of 1503.
Contains information on international migratory exchanges with abroad in the Dominican Republic focusing on those that have had or have Spain as their origin or destiny.
"Excellent compilation of 18 essays devoted to the Porfiriato. Especially recommended are Marichal on the 1888 debt conversion, Buve on conflict in the countryside, and Leticia Reina on the autonomy of indigenous villages. Major contribution to a re-evaluation of a complex period"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
"Well-researched study of diplomacy during the Mexican-American War contains analyses that go far beyond the scope indicated in the title. Points out differences between Spanish ministers Angel Calderon de la Barca (husband of Fanny) and his successor, Salvador Bermudez de Castro. Must reading for scholars seeking to understand that crucially important war"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Investigative study on the evolution of education, with focus on psychological tests to determine vocational orientation used in the state of Mexico's educational system.
Papers and articles on the extensive research and current projects conducted at the national agricultural university at Chapingo.
Scholarly essays on interdisciplinary studies and academic research, with focus on planning, science, health and environment.
Genealogical history of an important family of artists of 19th century Mexico state.
A brief description of the legislative activity of the first convocation (1995-99) of the parliament of the Uzbek Republic, which was devoted primarily to establishing the legal basis for the country's strategic development as a democratic state with a market-based economy. Also described are the control/monitoring function of the parliament, interparliamentary ties, human rights, public opinion, the relationship between the legislative, judicial, and executive branches of government.
History of Pratapgarh, princely state in Rajasthan.
Conference held during 15-16 April, 1999, at Kathmandu, Nepal.
Contributed articles on the three poetic works of Surya Kant Tripathi, 1896-1961, Hindi author.
Manuscripts written by Uzbek scholars with illustrations exhibited at National Museum, India.
Study of Indian poetics and aesthetics.
Contributed seminar papers.
Collection of articles from the columns of Kamala Das.
In the Indian context.
Contributed articles.
Concept of revolution in Hindi novel; study with reference to Sekhara, Dada kamareda, and Maila ancala, novels by Sachchidanand Hiranand Vatsyayan, b. 1911, Yashpal, and Phanisvaranatha Renu respectively.
Study with reference to Tamil and Telugu language.
Contributed articles with special reference to India.
A study on the socio-historical and political situations which led to secessionist insurgency in Assam and Nagaland.
Autobiography of a jurist and educationist.
Based on the Indian freedom struggle against British rule.
Satirical.
History of Mizoram, India since 18th century.
Social consciousness in the Gujarati and Hindi works of devotional poets from Gujarat; a study.
Issued on birth centenary celebration of Madduri Annapurnaiah, 1899-1954, nationalist and journalist from Andhra Pradesh.
Contributed articles.
Paintings of various ethnic groups of Nepal.
On the works of Shah Husain, 1539-1599, Panjabi Sufi poet; includes selections translated into English.
Contributed articles presented at the National Seminar on Women and Media in New Delhi in September 1996, organised by Press Council of India.
Biography of Calam, 1894-1979, Telugu author.
Contributed articles on Kamayani, poem by Jai Shankar Prasad, 1889-1937, Hindi poet.
With reference to Dang district of Nepal.
Story of the decline and fall of the Statesman, daily English newspaper of India; includes author's reflection of journalism in India.
Prose translation of Kausika Ramayana, poem on Rama, Hindu deity in Kannada.
Epic on Vallabhacarya, 1479-1531?, Vaishnavite saint.
For children.
Containing hundred verses on each 32 topics.
Classical work on Sanskrit dramaturgy; includes Gujarati translation and notes.
Articles on the Sepoy Rebellion, 1857-1858, first freedom movement in Indian history.
Relationship between Jainism and science.
Analysis of selected verses from Gita Ramayana, narrative poem by Gajanana Digambara Madagulakara, b. 1919, based on the Ramayana by Valmiki.
On Laksmana, Hindu deity.
Collection of sayings on code of conduct and ethics according to religions in India.
Based on the history of India during the 16th century.
Selected poetic works of contemporary Hindi authors from Tamil Nadu, India.
Study of post 1960 Hindi poetry with special reference to aesthetics.
Prose translation of the story of Rama, Hindu deity.
On the life and works of Abdulhalim Sharar, 1860-1926, Urdu author.
On the life and works of Suhail Azimabadi, 1911-1981, Urdu author.
Jaina legends for children.
Contributed articles on modern Panjabi fiction.
Comprises short stories, poems, essays.
Imagery in Panjabi lyric poetry; a study.
Depiction of death in Panjabi Sufi poetry; a study.
On the trees of Punjab, with special reference to their significance in Panjabi folklore and medicinal values.
Study on ancient Hindu law for atonement; based on Hindu law texts and Vedic literature.
Contributed articles, reports, transcript of interviews, articles on the contribution of soldiers, and poems on the war at Kargil between India and Pakistan.
Study of the poetic works of Gajanan Madhav Muktibodh, 1917-1964, Hindi author.
Study of the depiction of women in the fictional works of Mannu Bhandari, b. 1931, Hindi author and Amrita Pritam, b. 1919, Panjabi and Hindi author.
Poem on Radha and Krishna, Hindu deities; includes Hindi verse and prose translation.
Sanskrit poetry with English translation.
Work on purificatory rites and rituals according to Hinduism.
On the effect of Saturn (Planet) on human life based on the Hindu religious texts.
Prakrit text, with Samayavyakhya and Tatparyavrtti, Sanskrit commentaries on Jaina ontology and epistemology.
Translation of Sanskrit play Svapnavasavadatta by Bhasa.
Geneological history of Suyala Thapa, caste group in Nepal.
On the life and works of Yuddha Prasada Misra, b. 1908, Nepali author.
Narrative poem on Mathavara Simha Thapa, 1798-1845, former General and prime minister of Nepal.
Critical study on the Nepali lyric poetry.
Collection of poems, short stories, and essays.
Proceedings of a national seminar of women's representatives on the issues related to women in Nepal, held at Kathmandu during November 22-23, 1998.
Children's rights and law in Nepal; study.
On theater in Nepal, report of a workshop held in Kathmandu in 1999.
On the determination of auspicious/inauspicious time and date according to Hindu astrology, and rites and ceremomonies related to them of Newar, Nepalese people.
History and culture of Tharus of Nepal.
Autobiographical reminiscences of aged people of Nepal, selected from different walks of life.
Handbook on laws of Nepal for layman awareness.
On the life and works of Bhavani Ghimire, Nepali poet.
On radio broadcasting in Nepal.
Geneology of the Jnavali family from Nepal; includes material on their religious rites and customs.
Autobiographical reminiscences of a civil servant from Nepal.
Agriculture in ancient India, a study.
Transcript of interview with Y.D. Phadke, Marathi historian and author.
Anthology of 20th century Marathi poems by various authors.
On the life and works of Shanta Janardan Shelke, b. 1922, Marathi author.
History of East India Company in Maharashtra.
Good novel on the life of Dibike, d. 1948?, founder of Railway Men's Union in 1930.
Collective biographies of presidents of various sessions of Akhila Bharata Marathi Sahitya Sammelana, Marathi literary conference, from 1878-1999.
Collection of popular Gujarati short stories.
Study of contemporary Gujarati fiction.
Articles on contemporary Gujarati drama and theater.
Study of Mrgaya, Sanskrit poem of Harsdeva Madhava, b. 1954, Sanskrit and Gujarati author.
Critical study of Samaya Gujarati weekly with special reference to district leval journalism.
Folk tales from Gujarat, India.
Study of Gujarati ghazals.
Study of Savitri,  a poem by Aurobindu Ghose, 1872-1950.
Selections from works of Chunilal Kalidas Madia, 1922-1968, Gujarati author.
Selections from the works of Jayanti Dalala, 1909-1970, Gujarati author.
On the life of Anna Hajare and his work in improving the socioeconomic and ecological condition in Ralegan Siddhi, a village in Maharashtra.
Collection of Gujarati sonnets.
On the life and works of Gunturu Sesendrasarma, Telugu author.
Chiefly on 20th century Hindi literature; includes a selection of short stories by the author; articles previously published in Hindi journals.
Contributed articles on politics and economy of Mizoram, India from Mizo-Christian viewpoint.
Collection of songs, short story, and novel.
On the life and work of Ropuiliani, nationalist from Mizoram, India.
Collection of plays, short stories, and songs by various authors.
On AIDS (Disease).
With reference to India.
Contributed articles presented at the National Seminar on "English and the Indian Short Story" held in August 1994 at the Dept. of English, University of Hyderabad.
Study on the works of Rokunga, 1914-1969, and Zikpuii Pa, 1929-1994, Mizo authors.
Contributed articles on 20th century Mizo literature; includes brief biographical introductions of some Mizo authors.
Contributed articles on Mizo philology; includes articles on Mizo culture.
Contributed articles on the achievements of Mizo National Front, political party from India in the state of Mizoram since 1965.
Collection of plays; includes introductory comments.
Classical work on Hindu law; critical edition with explanation and notes.
Travel impression of United States.
Study of the Tao of physics by Fritjof Capra, work on philosophy of physics.
Account of the war between India and Pakistan in Kargil.
Anthology of five Sanskrit hymns and their applications in the rituals devoted to the five deities; portion of Vedas and Upanishads.
Study of the novels by 20th century Hindi women authors with special reference to the depiction of women.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Prafulla Kumar Singh, b. 1937, Maithili author.
Mainly on the Gujars, nomadic tribe, in Jammu and Kashmir.
Selected poems of the author.
Selected poems of a Mongolian poet.
Selected poems of a Mongolian poet.
Selected short stories of a Mongolian author.
Selected poems of the author.
Selected works of a Mongolian poet.
Selected poems of a Mongolian poet.
On the life and work of Xiang Jingyu, 1895-1928, Chinese communist leader.
Seminar papers on the Battle of Halhaiin Gol, 1939, during World War II.
Conducted during April 1994.
Biography of Guiug Khaan, 1906-1248, Mongol emperor.
History of Mongol rulers before Genghis Khan, 1162-1227.
History of Batmonkh Daian Khaan, Mongol ruler, 1464-1517.
History of TSagadai Khaan, 1183-1242, Mongol ruler.
Biography of Luvsan TSultem Zhigmed Dambii Zhantsan Balsambuu, 1815-1843, Mongolian Buddhist religious leader.
Study on civilization distributed by districts of Uttaradit Province, Thailand.
Contributed articles on point of change in 1999 from globalization to community development and economic strategies based on local market and domestic financial resources.
Contributed articles on Thai economy.
Criticisms on economics views of Pridi Banomyong, a Thai economist and former prime minister.
Five years development plan (1997-2001) of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.
Survey report on service for aged and their social status in Thailand.
Articles on need to improve economic and social conditions of labor in Thailand.
On manners and customs of Cambodia.
On replica of traditional architecture of sala, resting place for travelers in Thailand at Muang Boran.
Cremation volume for Khaimuk Chuto, 1938-1996, a Thai woman sculptor; comprises her biography.
English-Thai dictionary of population science terms.
History of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, former capital of Siam, 1350-1767, with brief reference to Princess Suphankanlaya, 1549-1592.
View and comments on laws related to value added tax in Thailand.
On art, sculpture and literature of Warangal District; covers 6th-7th centuries.
Collection of articles on how to be a good journalist.
Anthology of poems written by poets of Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh.
On the folk poetry about wariors of 18th century, Andhra Pradesh.
Brief biographies of 20th century Tamil short story writers; includes their selected writings.
Contributed research papers on Tamilology.
Critical study of the works of Ira. Vairamuttu, b. 1953, Tamil poet.
Articles on socio-political aspects of India, and on Tamil language, published in Nakkiran, Tamil weekly.
Study on the writings of Es. Vi. Vi., 1880-1950, Tamil literary author.
Study on Sudama, Hindu mythology, and his friendship with Krishna, Hindu deity, as depicted in Tamil literature.
Complete works of a Tamil poet.
Brief biography of personalities from various fields in Tamil Nadu.
Transcript of a debate engaged by Olga and two others with Ke. Balagopal about a novel, on certain feminist questions of morality and about upholding ideological positions.
Commentary on Kaci Vicuvanata catakam, minor literature in Tamil.
Translated from Urdu.
Contributed articles on Tamil literature.
Research papers on Tamil literature presented in a conference organized by Intiyap Palkalaikkalakat Tamilaciriyar Manram, in 1970.
Research papers on Tamil literature, presented in a conference organized by Intiyap Palkalaikkalakat Tamilaciriyar Manram, in 1969.
Twelve best short stories of 1999, selected by Ilakkiyac Cintanai, literary organization in Chennai.
Biography of Vallal Alakappar, 1909-1957, philanthropist, who worked for the upliftment of education in Tamil Nadu.
Study on the concept of humanity, in contemporary Tamil poems.
On the works of Pattinattar, 10th century Saivite poet from Tamil Nadu; includes his brief biography.
Prose rendering of five ancient Tamil epic poems; includes interpretation.
Transcript of lectures delivered on Manimekalai, ancient Tamil epic, by Cattanar, Tamil poet.
Souvenir released on the occasion of Tiruvalluvar Statue installation at the tip of Kanyakumari; compilation of literary essays, poems, and short stories by renowned writers.
Collection contributed articles chiefly on the life and works of  Nayani Subbarao, 1899-1978, a Telugu poet, published on the occasion of the  birth centenary; includes a few of his unpublished poems.
Contributed articles on the life and work of a songwriter and composer, Pulaka Bandyopadhyaya, from West Bengal.
Collection of articles on environment and ecology specific to Andhra Pradesh.
Research work on light musical songs in Telugu.
On how "being married" fares as a subject in Telugu poetry.
Autobiographical writing of Ravi Venkatacelam, theatre actor from Jameshedpur.
Articles on the images and icons of Hindu deities as found in Indian sculptures.
On ancient terra-cotta sculptures of West Bengal, India.
Articles about lighting on stage for Bengali plays.
On the remains of Tamreswari Mandir, an abandoned temple in Arunachal Pradesh, India.
Biography of C. Subramaniam, b. 1910, Indian statesman.
Study of Maturaik kanci, a poem on Madurai, India, by Mankuti Marutanar, Tamil poet, during Sangam period.
Biography on Acintyakumara Senagupta, 1903-1976, 20th century Bengali author.
On skepticism and atheism as reflected in the Vedas.
Articles on the social conditions of the underprivileged and backward classes of people in India.
Articles on the theme of death as reflected in Bengali literature.
Articles on the life and work of Ritwikkumar Ghatak, 1926-1976, Bengali film maker; includes interviews with him.
Critical review of the elements and characteristics of original Bengali plays staged in commercial theaters of West Bengal, India during 1925 to 1955.
On Indian theater.
Anthology of short stories by various authors.
Study on Tolkappiyam, ancient Tamil grammar, by Tolkappiyar; contributed articles.
Collected short stories of a Tamil author.
State government policies for women and children in Maharahtra.
Encyclopeadic dictionary of Hinduism.
Contributed papers.
Contributed articles presented at a national seminar in 1996.
Anthology by contemporary Hindi authors from Kerala; includes brief introduction to the authors.
With reference to Bombay, India.
Autobiography of a former member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly.
With reference to Gujarat, India.
On detailed inquiry of folk religion of Punjab.
Based on the war which led to the creation of Bangladesh in 1971.
Narrative poem on 1971 India-Pakistan conflict.
Festschrift honoring Sane Guruji, 1899-1950, Marathi author; comprises contributed articles, chiefly on his life.
Study on the philosophy of Carvaka, classical Indian materialist.
Autobiography of a freedom fighter and educator from Maharashtra.
Study on Hindi Vaishnava poetry.
Satirical poems.
On 1971 India-Pakistan conflict.
This manual is designed for the training of independent election monitors for the forthcoming transitional elections in Nigeria. It is a part of a joint project by ACCORD based in Durban, South Africa and three Nigerian organizations namely, African Strategic and Peace Research Group (AFSTRAG), Lagos, Centre for Advanced Social Science (CASS), Enugu, and Centre for Crisis Evaluation and Management (CCEM), Abuja.
Highlights findings that emerged when the Minnesota Student Survey was administered to 381 voluntary participants in residential behavioral treatment facilities in 1998.
Illinois Public Act 90-608 authorized the establishment of secure facilities in Illinois to provide intensive mental health treatment mainly to seriously disturbed youth ages 13-18 who would otherwise be sent out-of-state to receive such services. This document contains the report of the Secure Child Care Advisory Committee and the Dept. of Children and Family Services' proposed rules on the licensing standards for creating such facilities.
Examines 1,477 square miles in northeastern Illinois that historically was open prairie with a park-like appearance of scattered trees. The area encompasses 25 subbasins along the Illinois, Des Plaines, and Kankakee rivers, of which 8 have been designated a state Resource Rich Area.
Examines an area of 357.5 miles in northeast Illinois--much of which is part of the Greater Chicago Metropolitan Region. The area includes eight subbasins, of which two have been designated a state Resource Rich Area.
Results of a survey of Wyoming citizens' opinions on opportunities and need for collaboration and consensus building in the state.
Covers the following approaches to reorganization: consolidation; annexation; unit district conversions; high school deactivation; cooperative high school attendance centers.
Presents cancer incidence in Illinois' 102 counties.
Lists each Oklahoma county and the percentages of student suspensions or expulsions due to involvement with violence, drugs, or property offenses.
Regional equations were developed for estimating mean annual and mean seasonal runoff for natural basins of Texas.  The equations, which are based on the statistical relation between streamflow and basin characteristics, use streamflow data and basin characteristics from U.S. Geological Survey streamflow-gaging stations within natural basins and with at least 8 years of data during 1961-90.  The State was divided into 11 hydrologic regions on the basis of previous studies.  The final equations for estimating mean annual and mean seasonal runoff were developed from 228 streamflow-gaging stations.  Contributing drainage area and mean annual or mean seasonal precipitation were determined to be the most significant basin characteristics in each region.
A comparison of the Great Salt Lake waterbird surveys of 1997 and 1998.
Provides a brief history of the Board and its purpose, facts about substance abuse in Wyoming, and the board's recommendations.
Contains letters from Illinois library users submitted to their libraries as part of the "What My Library Means to Me" project in honor of the Library of Congress Bicentennial.
Quotations from General Edward C. Meyer, 1979-1983, General John A. Wickham, Jr., 1983-1987, General Carl E. Vuono, 1987-1991, General Gordon R. Sullivan, 1991-1995, and General Dennis J. Reimer, 1995-1999.
Compares the experiences and expectations of South Dakota and Wyoming developmentally disabled in 1988 and 2000.  Includes some Nebraska-based information from 1999.
A collection of guidelines, commentaries, and examples of judicial practice in the resolution of labor disputes over wages, leave, and the material responsibilities of each party to a labor contract (individuals and collectives) to be followed by enterprise managers, union representatives, lawyers, etc.  Legislation in effect as of January 15, 2000.
A manual of protocol and procedures for official civic events in Panama.
Study of the issue of poverty in Panama's electoral campaigns from 1940 through the elections of 1998.
An anthology of short stories by regional author, several dedicated to the socioeconomic reality of Ciudad Juarez and others to life and customs in rural areas of northern Chihuahua.
The latest revised, updated and fully annotated edition of an outstanding directory of names of individuals active in Mexican-U.S. border affairs. The index is organized by affiliation, i.e., government, NGOs, universities, business, etc.
Anthology of writings related to the "Day of the Dead" in Mexico.
A socio-religious history of San Miguel de Bustamante, based on a famous statue of Christ dating from the early 18th century.
A collection of legends and traditional stories of the northern region of Nuevo Leon.
The focus of this historical regional study is on the recent 20th century.
"Excelente novela de uno de los narradores peruanos mas importantes de la decada del noventa. Desde la ciudad andina de Jauja, el protagonista Juan Esteban Uscamayta emprende la escritura de un diario impulsado por el deseo de entablar un dialogo de amor imaginario con Urganda, su inalcanzable y enigmatica amada. Novela de gran aliento donde el amor, la nostalgia, el humor, y la reflexion comparten un mismo espacio"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
A scholarly analysis of the of cutting and commercialization of marketable lumber in Nicaragua, the marketing of wood in the furniture industry and the exportation of furniture from Nicaragua.
A scholarly anthropological, cultural and religious study of the regional traditional Catholic festival and pilgrimage held twice yearly in the area of Espinoza, N.L.
History of football in Guadalajara and its contribution to the sport on a national level.
"Nine essays concerning Mexico and its indigenous peoples during the 19th century, three written by Ferrer Munoz. Interesting pieces include Maria Bono Lopez on the inclusion of indigenous terms in dictionaries of the time"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Thesis (doctoral)--University of Leiden, 2000.
"Traditional study of the Middelburgse Commercie Compagnie (MCC) describes  company's business operations and focuses on its change from the commodities trade to the slave trade. From 1720-55 the MCC made a total of 173 trading journeys with 38  ships of its own. Includes a 25 p. summary in English"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
"The purpose of this report is to provide a general description of the economic geography and structure of the Russian parts of the Barents Euro-Arctic Region, which comprises the Murmansk Oblast, the Republic of Karelia, and the Arkangelsk Oblast, the latter including the Nenets Autonomous Okrug. In addition, the Republic of Komi is included in the scope of this report, as it has applied for membership of the Barents Regional Council. Together, these five regions are referred to as the Russian territories of the Barents Region, or the Barents territories in brief"--p. [13].
"Overview of Dutch Antillian music on gramophone records. Discusses historical and technical aspects of disc recording in Antillian and Aruban studios. More than half of the text is devoted to a discography of recordings made between 1945-60. Includes summaries in Dutch and Aruban and Curacaoan Papiamentu"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Thesis (Ph.D.)--Universiteit Leiden, 2000.
Thesis (Doctoral)--Universiteit van Amsterdam, 1999.
Thesis (Ph.D.)--Goteborgs universitet, 2000.
Thesis (doctoral)--University of St. Gallen, 1999.
"Beautifully produced coffee-table book provides insight into evolution of Curacao's historic architecture and highlights modern architecture and contemporary art. Showcases different historic quarters of Willemstad, kunuku and plantation houses, nonresidential buildings, and seaside hotels. Includes over 300 color plates"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
After celebrating the Fourth of July, Matthew heads for bed but ends up joining Fast Eddie and the midnight fire fighters, as well as a group of turkeys, in patrolling the city for fires.
Discusses impacts on statistical series resulting from the New Tax System that started on 1 July 2000.
Hibernating hedgehogs introduce the numbers from one to eight in a winter garden with pizza plants and a cockleberry bed.
In 1953 in Scotland, sixteen-year-old Andrew is eager to begin his apprenticeship as a ship's engineer at the Dalrossan Dockyard but soon realizes that his new workplace is full of unwritten rules and dangerous undercurrents and that he cannot tell his friends from his enemies.
Fifteen-year-old Alice keeps a diary as she struggles to cope with the embarrassments and trials of family, dating, school, work, small town life, and a serious case of "outcastitis."
"Collection of cartoons and religious images drawn by Mexico's most famous pre-revolutionary lithographic artist, Jose Guadalupe Posada. Reprint of a volume published in Aguascalientes in 1952, the centenary of Posada's birth. Volume includes his work during his days at Aguascalientes and Leon beginning in 1871. Many of the images feature religious symbols (including holy cards for funerals) or wrappers for cigar boxes. Excellent addition to the copious studies of the famed engraver"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Aids users of government finance statistics (GFS) to understand the changed nature and presentation of the information in the first accrual-based GFS expected to be released in Government Financial Estimates (5501.0) in 2000.  This paper describes the conceptual changes and revised table formats which will be introduced when the recording basis of GFS is changed from a predominately cash to accrual basis.
Indigenous mortality data are reported both overall and by cause of death.
Using the data derived from causes of death statistics, this publication presents a time series for suicides from 1921, and highlights trends in suicide death rates by age and sex from 1921 to 1998.  A detailed analysis of suicide data by age and sex is carried out for the suicides registered in the 20-year period from 1979 to 1998.  Although the publication has a national focus, it also presents the suicide data for geographic areas: States and Territories and capital cities, other urban and rural areas.  Trends and differentials in suicide deaths are examined according to several background characteristics such as marital status, country of  birth, employment status and broad occupational categories.
Contains data for households in New South Wales on the extent of, and motivation for, usage of security precautions by households.  For all households in New South Wales, includes data on presence of household security items, whether items are used, motivations for installing and estimating expenditure on household security over twelve months.
While traveling with his goat and cart to visit his grandmother, a young boy loses his way and finds himself in the land of the giants confronted by a very unhappy giant baby.
In Australia, sixteen-year-old Callisto, a budding astronomer who is named after one of Jupiter's moons, discovers she is pregnant and, while trying to make some difficult decisions, uncovers a powerful family secret.
Enterprising Hazel Green tries to find a way to convince the city to allow children to march in the annual Frogg Day parade.
Outlines the content of the 2001 Census of Population and Housing and the procedures to be followed in collecting, processing and releasing the data.
Satchel O'Rye, devoted son of an impoverished couple in a dying rural town, must weigh in balance the life of his most cherished dog and the freedom of a rare striped tiger.
Draws on data from the 1996 Census of the Population and Housing and other ABS research.  The information is then examined through the context of the"Health Ageing Framework" of the NSW Government.  It presents a detailed picture of the social and economic position of older people in NSW.  The major themes covered in this report include: population distribution and growth; living arrangements and care; health; housing, transport, employment, income, activities and lifestyle.  In each chapter, data are represented in tabular, graphic and textual form.
A social and critical history of the origins and development of rock music and its culture in northwestern Mexico, with focus on Tijuana, Mexicali and Sonora.
The fourth annual report of the sexenio begun by Hector Teran Teran, who died in office and was succeeded by Alejandro Gonzalez Alcocer.
Contains original text of the Constitution.
"Novela historica sobre los ultimos dias del gen. Rafael Leonidas Trujillo en la Republica Dominicana en 1961. El hilo conductor de la novela es el retorno a la isla de Urania Cabral, hija de un senador del regimen trujillista, luego de muchos anos de la muerte del dictador. Mientras Urania visita a su padre moribundo, la narracion reconstruye el fin de una era haciendo un recuento de una serie de personajes historicos, entre ellos, el sempiterno presidente de la Republica Dominicana, Joaquin Balaguer y ascenso politico. La crueldad del poder y la maldad humana destacan en este gran relato, una de las mejores novelas del novelista peruano"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Study of the writings and policies of Pope Juan Pablo II on human rights in various areas, consisting of introductory essays by the editor/author and papal documents and pronouncements.
Selected chapters from the first novel written and published in San Luis Potosi (1865).
Analysis of development programs for higher education in Mexico.
LC copy imperfect: p. 82-83, 86-87, 90-91, 94-95 are blank.
"Long-overdue study of a taboo subject. Author places developments in the context of the debate over what is barbaric and what is civilized, and on how this debate impacted on the destruction of certain indigenous tribes, including the Kickapoo, whose solemn reception by Maximilian was immortalized in the beautiful painting 'Vista de la Embajada de Indios Kickapoos al Emperador Maximiliano' by Jean-Adolphe Beauce. Recommended"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
An excellent portrait of the indigenous peoples of the region as presented in the works of early historians. The focus is on the first colonial historians, the Jesuit "cronistas" and the vision of the conquistadors and missionaries.
Basic statistical information on each of Coahuila's five regions, including geography, infrastructure, climate, demography, economy and industry, labor, services, quality of life and education.
An introduction to family customs in rural Poland, for young readers. Ages 8-12.
An examination of current issues confronting the drafting of the Russian Federation's code on administrative offenses.  Topics covered include: legislation on administrative offenses: current situation and basic goals of a new codification;  principles of legislation on administrative offenses; writing the law on administrative offenses; classification of administrative offenses;  imposition of penalties for administrative offenses; regulations on minor offenses.
The first monograph in Russian civil law concerning compensation as a means of terminating contract obligations.  The author discusses theoretical and practical issues connected with the content, conditions, and procedures for concluding and executing compensation agreements in light of current Russian law, judicial and arbitrage practice, and civil doctrine.  The work traces the history of the concept of compensation from Roman times to the present and focuses on its evolution in Russian law.
A study of some of the historical and legal aspects of the criminal subject in Russian criminal law, including methodological and theoretical foundations for the study of the criminal subject in Russian and foreign criminal law.  Chapter headings are: Methodological and theoretical issues in the study of the criminal subject. Historical and legal aspects of the criminal subject in Russian criminal law. The criminal subject in criminal legislation in the RSFSR (1917-96). The criminal subject in foreign criminal law.
A largely autobiographical work of fiction by Gasan Borisovich Mirzoev, who describes the legal profession based on experiences from his long career as a lawyer and expresses his thoughts on mankind's purpose on earth through the prism of godly ideas - what he calls "a sense of justice."
A textbook based on the work experience of  private protective services with much practical information on day-to-day operations.  It discusses licensing, security procedures and cargo transportation, the unique characteristics of bodyguards, the legal requirements for working at security sites, recommendations on team make-up, rendering first-aid, methods and equipment for proper handling of weapons and other materials needed in protective services.
A manual on the legal and financial regulations involved in the transfer of housing to municipal ownership.  The manual includes a listing of all the regulatory documents consulted in its compilation. Chapter headings: Legal foundation for the management and development of municipal property. General legal statutes and standards establishing the procedure for formulating the rights of local governmental agencies to property being transferred to municipal ownership. Legal characteristics of the transfer of individual housing properties to municipal ownership. Procedure and documentation of property transfer.  Accounting procedure and evaluation of property in gratuitous transfer.      Organizing the exploitation and financing of properties transferred to municipal ownership.
Published by the Perm Regional Legal Defense Center, a detailed report on the enforcement of human rights in Perm oblast in 1998 and the first half of 1999.  The first section deals with individual rights: the right to life, the right to freedom and personal inviolability, freedom from discrimination, freedom of conscience, freedom of speech, freedom of movement.  Section two concerns political rights: freedom of peaceful assembly and association, right of asylum, freedom of convictions.  Section three concerns procedural rights:  right to defense from the state, freedom from false arrest, detention, or expulsion.  Part four concerns social and economic rights: the right to social security, the right to work, the right to health care, the right to education, consumer rights, the right to environmental safety.  Part five concerns the rights of the most vulnerable social groups: children, prisoners, ex-convicts, draftees, the mentally ill, and institutionalized persons.  Part six concerns the legal rights enforcement movement in Perm oblast.
A textbook on international economic law, which is treated as a branch of international public law, describing the entire set of legal regulations pertaining to international economic relations.  It provides a general overview of the interrelationships between the two systems, i.e., international economic law and international economic relations: sources, subjects, population, territory, integration, economic security, and the rule of law. The sub-branches of international law (trade law, economic assistance, labor regulations) are described.  The textbook was developed for a course at the International Law Faculty of the All-Russian Academy of Foreign Trade.
A comprehensive description of benefits to which various categories of Russian citizens are entitled and how those benefits are financed.  Categories of beneficiaries include war veterans and their families, invalids and their children, Chernobyl victims, recipients of state honors and medals, families with many children.
A discussion of the legal regulation of commercial advertizing in Ukraine, including a description of existing Ukrainian legislation and how it is being implemented.  The appendix presents the texts of Ukrainian laws on advertising in effect as of 1 September 1999.
A compilation of RSFSR statutes concerning procedures for the leasing of residential property, the rights and responsibilities of both the lessor and the lessee, a methodology for calculating rents in Moscow in the late 1990s.
A general discussion of private law within the juridical system of the Russian Federation, the potential of private law to solve economic and social problems, the place of private law in the Russian Civil Code and its ongoing development.
A discussion of criminal punishment in Ukraine, the ongoing intensive reexamination of fundamental positions on the purpose and implementation of punishment, the formulation of new legislation on criminal punishment.
An examination of the place of accompliceship in criminal law in the Russian Federation and in foreign practice.  Chapter headings are:  1. The concept of accompliceship in Russian criminal law   2. Causal connection as a prerequisite of criminal liability for accompliceship  3. The nature and content of guilt in accompliceship  4. Types of accomplices and forms of participation in criminal activity.
An examination of "political life" and "legal life" in contemporary Russia, dealing with the problems of creating a law-based state; safeguarding of human rights; the role of authority, wealth, privilege; legal control of lobbying and populism.  Chapter headings are:  1. General nature of political life  2. General nature of legal life in contemporary Russia  3. The law-based state: theory and practice in Russia  4. Goals and means in politics and law: problems of coordination  5. Human rights and legal interests in Russia  6. Money, power, law  7. Lobbying and ways to control it  8. Russia's political elite and privilege  9. Populism as a disease of "democratic" power  10. Information, politics, law  11. Science, power, law: problems of interaction.
The article-by-article text of Chapter 9 of the Russian Labor Code, which concerns labor discipline.  Actual cases and judicial decisions are cited.  Section headings are: Obligations of workers. Ensuring work discipline. Obligations of management. Workplace regulations. Performance incentives. Performance-related benefits. Penalties for violating work discipline. Lifting disciplinary penalties.
A description of juvenile labor law in the Russian Federation.  Chapter headings are:   Chapter XII of the Labor Code of the Russian Federation: juvenile labor. Hygienic criteria, working conditions, and types of work for which juveniles may be trained. Medical and biological criteria for evaluating working conditions in allowing or refusing the employment of adolescents. Decision of the State Commission of Labor of the USSR and the Presidium of the All-Union Central Trade-Union Council of July 28, 1983, on changing the list of jobs and professions with hazardous working conditions in which persons younger than 18 years are not allowed to work. Decision of the State Commission of Labor of the USSR and the Presidium of the All-Union Central Trade-Union Council of June 21, 1985, on changing the list of jobs and professions with hazardous working conditions in which persons younger than 18 years are allowed to work. Decision of the State Commission of Labor of the USSR and the Presidium of the All-Union Central Trade-Union Council of March 12, 1990, on allowing graduates of vocational education institutions younger than 17 years to operate agricultural vehicles. Decision of the State Commission of Labor of the USSR of February 22, 1991, to amend the list of jobs and professions with hazardous working conditions in which persons younger than 18 years are not allowed to work.
A paragraph-by-paragraph presentation of materials for chapter 17 of the codex of labor laws in the Russian Federation, thoroughly disclosing the binding legislation and responsibilities of federal agencies to monitor adherence to labor law and detailing the penalties for noncompliance.
A description of typical tax bookkeeping errors based on concrete examples from tax auditing practice. Chapter headings: Methods of discovering tax violations and ways to correct them (checking the correctness of an enterprise's accounting policy and its interpretation of the accounting facts; computation and payment errors). Procedure for correcting tax errors.
A description of the procedure for examining patent applications at the All-Union Scientific Research Institute of State Patent Appraisal in accordance with the Patent Law of the Russian Federation; recommendations on corresponding with the said research institute during the process of applying for a patent.  The legal consequences for not following the standard procedures and adhering to time deadlines are detailed. Also discussed are patent applications for a working model, a commercial model, a commercial name, and a trademark.
Critical ed. of St. Clement's epistle to the Church of Corinth, of outstanding importance in understanding the development of the relationship between the Christian Churches from the first century A.D.
An account of the vicissitudes of Enrico Folchi, administrator of the Vatican patrimony under popes Pius IX and Leo XIII, later tried and unjustly condemned for misappropriation.
On religiously motivated emigration from Lucca, Tuscany, during the 16th and 17th century.
On the history of Italian modernism and the daily meetings of 4 young seminarians: Angelo Roncalli, later Pope John XXIII, Giulio Belvederi, and Alfonso Manaresi and Ernesto Buonaiuto, both later accused by the Holy Office of heresy.
Rhyming text and lift-the-flap illustrations depict a variety of things with wheels, including an ambulance, steam engine, and covered wagon, and invite the reader to guess their identity.
On Bologna's theatre and opera house, its architecture and history and the history of music and performances in the city from the Renaisance to the present day.
"Fascinating in-depth study from the historian of French immigration to Mexico. Using documentation drawn almost exclusively from French sources, author details a group that came to Mexico as early as 1826 and settled in Jicaltepec, Veracruz, because of its excellent location on the Nautla River. Recommended"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
On fortifications in the area Bergamo.
Analysis of Raphael's Parnassus located in the Stanza della Segnatura in the Vatican Palace.
Art of Anne Brennan, Barbara Campbell, John Citizen/Gordon Bennett, Fiona Hall, Martyn Jolly, Robert MacPherson, Susan Norrie, David Watt.
"The exhibition of 'Not just a pretty face,' which opened at the University of Alaska Museum in Fairbanks ... in June 1999, celebrates the many uses of dolls and human figurines from Alaska Native cultures past and present. The exhibition is drawn almost exclusively from the museum's collection of dolls and human miniatures from Alaska Native cultures. It includes several thousand figures from Alaska's prehistoric and early historic periods and is one of the largest and most representative public collections of historic and modern Alaska Native dolls in existence. All six ethnic groups in Alaska--the Inupiaq and Yupik Eskimos, the Aleuts and Alutiiqs, as well as the Athabascan and Northwest Coast Indians--are represented in the collection, though Central Yupik and St. Lawrence Island Yupik collections of human figures are largest. This essay describes the various purposes dolls and human figurines have served in Alaska Native cultures past and present. We have drawn on a wide variety of sources: published, archival, and oral history furnished by the exhibition's Advisory Team"--P. 3.
"The Persian Gulf War interrupts the construction of Ilene and Philip Singleton's new home. Separated by Desert Storm they are powerless to control the global events that are seeping into their lives, as an international banking scandal converges upon this seemingly ordinary family in northern Minnesota"--Rumors of war web site.
Autobiographical account of the author-musician's migration to and life in the United States.
Although she is little, Moon, a Tibetan terrier, guides two refugee children over the mountains from Tibet to Nepal.
Despite his mother's warnings about the Big Bad Wolf, Little Piggy goes looking for his friend Snorter and finds some surprises hidden around the farm.  Includes the text of the nursery rhyme.
Presents information on Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians based largely on information from the 1996 and earlier censuses.  Throughout the publication comparisons are made between the Indigenous and non-Indigenous or total Australian populations as well as comparisons between States and Territories.  Topics covered include: the demographic and geographic distribution of the population and its growth in recent years; information on the composition of families and households, including the construction and characteristics of Indigenous and non-Indigenous households and information on levels of rent and house ownership; a detailed assessment of the educational status of Indigenous Australians compared with non-Indigenous Australians, including comparisons with previous censuses, as well as information regarding Indigenous Australians' English language proficiency. Labour force statistics are also analysed, including employment status, industry and occupation.  Where possible an assessment of the Community Development Employment Projects scheme is provided.
Presents information on Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians based largely on information from the 1996 and earlier censuses.  Throughout the publication comparisons are made between the Indigenous and non-Indigenous or total Australian populations as well as comparisons between States and Territories.  Topics covered include: the demographic and geographic distribution of the population and its growth in recent years; information on the composition of families and households, including the construction and characteristics of Indigenous and non-Indigenous households and information on levels of rent and house ownership; a detailed assessment of the educational status of Indigenous Australians compared with non-Indigenous Australians, including comparisons with previous censuses, as well as information regarding Indigenous Australians' English language proficiency. Labour force statistics are also analysed, including employment status, industry and occupation.  Where possible an assessment of the Community Development Employment Projects scheme is provided.
Presents information on Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians based largely on information from the 1996 and earlier censuses.  Throughout the publication comparisons are made between the Indigenous and non-Indigenous or total Australian populations as well as comparisons between States and Territories.  Topics covered include: the demographic and geographic distribution of the population and its growth in recent years; information on the composition of families and households, including the construction and characteristics of Indigenous and non-Indigenous households and information on levels of rent and house ownership; a detailed assessment of the educational status of Indigenous Australians compared with non-Indigenous Australians, including comparisons with previous censuses, as well as information regarding Indigenous Australians' English language proficiency. Labour force statistics are also analysed, including employment status, industry and occupation.  Where possible an assessment of the Community Development Employment Projects scheme will be provided.
Provides information from the national Community Housing and Infrastructure Needs Survey conducted between August to October, 1999.  The publication presents summary information from all known Indigenous organisations that own or manage community housing including the condition and size of community houses, repairs and maintenance expenditure, and amount of rent collected.  It contains summary information on the infrastructure of all discrete Indigenous communities such as water, electricity, sewerage, drainage, solid waste, transport, communication, education, health and community facilities.  Also includes information at the National and State levels (including Northern Territory) as well as maps showing the distribution of Indigenous housing organisations and discrete communities across Australia.
A collection of nearly one hundred poems filled with Scottish dialect and divided into seven categories: For the wee anes, Games, Beasts, Birds, Folk, Special days, and Orra ploys.
"Presents Western Power Corporation's forecasts of its electricity sales in terms of demand and energy, and generation plant requirements in the South West Interconnected System."
This book represents the culmination of three years work with the Swansea communities of Townhill and Mayhill and with the students and staff on the BA (Hons) Photographic Arts course at the Townhill Campus of the Swansea Institute Associated College of the University of Wales.
A collection of poems written as long ago as the sixth century and as recently as the twentieth, which cover a wide range of ideas and emotions.
Uses rabbits, a species introduced to Australia, to represent an allegory of the arrival of Europeans in Australia and the widespread environmental destruction caused by man throughout the continent. A sophisticated picture book. Suggested level: primary, intermediate.
Reports the evaluation of the first National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander survey in 1994.
Civilian population 15 years of age and over, civilian labour force, employed persons, unemployed persons and persons not in the labour force. Characteristics shown include labour force status, age, marital status, birthplace, period of arrival in Australia, States and Territories, capital cities, industry, occupation, status of worker, hours worked, participation rates and duration of unemployment. This publication updates The Labour force, Australia : historical summary, 1966-1984 and contains the principal labour force time series from 1978 onwards.
Contains major population characteristics of Burnie and Devonport suburbs, etc.  Tables show characteristics of persons (e.g. age, marital status, religion, labour force status), families and dwellings.  Also includes a summary of characteristics table, population comparisons for previous censuses and an extensive main features section.
Contains data from the 1994 National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander survey on housing related topics.
Contains data from the 1994 National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Survey to describe Australia's indigenous 15 to 24 year olds.  The data is presented in an easy to read format with text, tables and graphs. Topics covered include family and culture, health, housing, education and training, employment and income and law and justice.  Summary data is provided on indigenous youth for each state and territory and each ATSIC region.  Where possible, comparisons are made between indigenous youth and older aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, and with all Australian 15 to 24 year olds.  Data on indigenous 13 to 14 year olds are included where appropriate.
This publication contains selected family and labour force characteristics for Statistical Subdivisions (SSDs), Statistical Divisions (SDs), and States and Territories in Australia. 1991 Census data are provided for SDs and States/Territories for comparison. There are no ranking tables included. This publication includes a Basic Community Profile containing second release data for Australia; and reference maps. Commentary is also provided, including a State and Territory summary, regional comparisons for selected topics and time series comparisons.
Presents information on Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians based largely on information from the 1996 and earlier censuses.  Throughout the publication comparisons are made between the Indigenous and non-Indigenous or total Australian populations as well as comparisons between States and Territories.  Topics include: the demographic and geographic distribution of the population and its growth in recent years; information on the composition of families and households, including the construction and characteristics of Indigenous and non-Indigenous households and information on levels of rent and house ownership; a detailed assessment of the educational status of Indigenous Australians compared with non-Indigenous Australians, including comparisons with previous censuses, as well as information regarding Indigenous Australians' English language proficiency. Labour force statistics are also analysed, including employment status, industry and occupation.  Where possible an assessment of the Community Development Employment Projects scheme is provided.
Provides counts of population and dwelling characteristics for all "census-derived" postcodes in Western Australia and all "census-derived" suburbs in metropolitan Perth and Mandurah areas at the time of the 1996 Census. Includes a table showing suburbs ranked by total persons.
Provides census age and sex counts for the indigenous and non-indigenous population for selected areas of the Northern Territory.
This publication contains selected person characteristics (including age by sex) and selected dwelling characteristics for Urban Centres in Australia. 1991 Census data is provided for comparison. Commentary is also provided, including regional comparisons for selected topics, and time series comparisons.
Maurice and his parents keep losing things around the house, and Maurice suspects that Mac, the family dog, has something to do with the disappearances.
Provides a commentary and data on a number of key social indicators from the 1996 Census with the focus on regional distribution and comparisons.  Topics covered include population growth and distribution, cultural diversity, living arrangements, education, employment and unemployment, income and living standards, and housing.
Extends the statistics presented in the Queensland publication from the 1994 National Survey to present some separate statistics for Torres Strait Islander people.  The publication compares statistics for Torres Strait Islander residents in the Torres Strait with those resident in other parts of Queensland. Comparisons with the non-indigenous Queensland population are also presented.
Contains selected person and dwelling information for Australia at the Statistical Division (SD) level.  The 1991 census data is provided for comparison.  A basic community profile and maps are provided.
Contains selected family and labour force characteristics for Statistical Local Areas (SLAs), Statistical Subdivisions (SSDs) and Statistical Divisions (SDs). 1991 Census data is provided for SSDs and SDs for comparison. This publication includes tables showing SLAs ranked by selected characteristics (for example, unemployment rate, median household income); a Basic Community Profile containing second release data for the Territory; and reference maps. Commentary is also provided, including a Territory summary, regional comparisons for selected topics and time series comparisons.
Contains selected summary results for main topics covered in the survey - indicators of health status; actions people have taken in relation to their health; lifestyle behaviours and other factors which may influence health.
Cumulative rhyming tale of a man who swallows a flea, a piranha, and even a wapiti, while his dog warns that his eating habits will be the death of him.
Focuses on deans who confronted education school reform in an inner-city context. Each chapter provides a personal look at the dean's struggels and successes in restructuring effects, both on-and-off-campus, and offers insights into the elements of leadership that contributed to their accomplishments and failures.
Javanese language dialect spoken by Chinese minority in Surakarta; a sociolinguistic analysis of the Chinese ethnic group in Surakarta, Indonesia.
Impact of international relations on the implementation of Indonesian foreign policy after the abortive coup of Sept. 30, 1965 in Indonesia.
Political and social aspects of roads and transportation in Indonesia during the Soeharto government; collection of articles.
Bugis story.
Javanese story.
Aceh's quest for self-government from a legal view; collected articles.
Literary criticism on Hikayat Alfalillah Walillah manuscript.
Transcription of interviews on the history of Indonesia.
Economic system in Indonesia.
Forest ecology in Indonesia; proceedings of a workshop.
Education in Indonesia towards the third millennium; collection of articles.
Indonesian law; articles, discussions, court decisions, legislation, decrees.
Family approach in handling street children in Indonesia; research.
Data on natural resources of coastal zone of Desa Talise, Kecamatan Likupang, Kabupaten Minahasa, Sulawesi Utara Province.
Proposed plan of marine resource and coastal zone management of Desa Blongko, Kecamatan Tenga, Kabupaten Minahasa, Sulawesi Utara Province.
Proposed plan of coastal zone development of Desa Talise, Kecamatan Likupang, Kabupaten Minahasa, Sulawesi Utara Province.
Strategic plan of coastal zone management in Lampung Province.
Proposed plan of coastal zone development and marine resource management of Desa Bentenan and Desa Tumbak, Kecamatan Belang, Kabupaten Minahasa, Sulawesi Utara Province.
Economic conditions of Indonesia.
On Prabowo Subianto's role in the May 1998 riots in Jakarta, Indonesia; collection of articles previously published in Asiaweek, March 3, 2000.
Role of Indonesian language in globalization era; proceedings.
Festschrift in honor of Ho Lucas Senduk, b. 1917, priest and leader of Gereja Bethel Indonesia, a Pentecostal Church in Indonesia.
Poverty in Indonesia, its sociopolitical aspects and how to overcome it.
Imperative sentences used in Indonesian language.
Historical play of Mataram during the 16th century.
Geographic information system in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Political thought during the New Order era in Indonesia.
Autobiography of T.B. Silalahi, general and former State Minister for Administrative Reform of Indonesia.
Issues on reclassification of prohibition against communism in Indonesia.
Includes bibliographical references and index.
Jayabaya's prophecies about Indonesia for the 21st century.
History, life and traditional customs of the people in South Sulawesi Province, Indonesia.
Sociocultural impact of sugar industry in Takalar and marriage rites and ceremonies of Makassar people in Sulawesi Selatan Province.
History of the Japanese occupation in Allu village, Sulawesi Selatan Province, and literary criticism of an episode in Galigo, a Bugis epic story.
Legends on Muslim leaders from Mandar, Polmas, and Majene, study and teaching on history for senior high school students in Tana Toraja, leadership and thoughts of a prominent noble family from Wajo Sultanate, and traditional local government in Kabupaten Bone.
Transliteration and translation of a Buginese classic literature, biography of Emmy Saelan, a Javanese woman patriot from Makassar, Buginese adat law on land in Maros, and traditional leadership system of Toraja people.
On urban community in Ujung Pandang and history of independence struggle in Pinrang, 1945-1949.
Indonesian economic, social, and political conditions ( seminar papers).
Indonesian politics and government reform in the development of national unity; proceedings.
Positive contribution of mining industry used for sustainable development in Indonesia; result of a seminar.
Story study of three women of Siti Bagdad in manuscript of alfalillah walillah-hikayat seribu satu malam.
Disintegration of former President Soeharto's power and his government; from an Islamic viewpoint.
Modernization of cultural and religous values of Islam in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Socio-economic conditions of forestry farmer in Java.
Government regulation on the Indonesian Bank Restructuring Agency; includes government regulation with reference to bankruptcy.
Report on land use and poverty alleviation in Indonesia; paper of a meeting.
Socioeconomic and political condition in Riau Province, Indonesia.
Writing tradition of Indonesian and Malay; papers of a symposium.
Socioeconomic conditions in Riau Province, Indonesia.
Historical documents and their contributions to cultural knowledge; papers.
Decrees of the general session of the People's Consultative Assembly, held in Oct. 1999.
System of government of DKI Jakarta; its organization and policies.
Social implication in Islamic studies in Indonesia.
Art and culture of Betawi people, Jakarta Raya, Indonesia.
Religious life in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Indonesian politics, economics, and national defence and security in Indonesia (seminar papers).
Collection of ministerial regulations with reference to public health; includes the 1996 Law on Food.
Population statistics in Indonesia; based on the 1971, 1980, 1990, and 1995 population census and projections; by province.
The history of Indonesian literature in Jawa Barat.
Syntax of reduplication in the Indonesian language.
Morphology of nouns and adjectives in the Saluan language.
The structure of the Semendo oral literature.
The structure of Sentani oral literature.
Morphology of nouns and adjectives in the Mori language.
Law on the Special Province of Aceh; includes among others a law on human rights violations.
Thoughts of Soedjatmoko, an Indonesian intellectual, on history.
Economic development, policies, and politics in Indonesia, 1966-1999; collection of articles previously published in periodicals.
Balinese folk literature.
History of the Indonesian literature in North Sumatra.
History and criticism of Toba-Batak folk literature.
Phonology of the Maanyan language.
Influence of the Malay language in old Sundanese manuscripts.
Arabic loanwords in the Indonesian language.
The Indonesian language used in educational laws and regulations; research.
Literary criticism of Malay works by Muhammad Bakir, 19th century Indonesian author of Betawi origin.
Abortive coup of Sept. 30, 1965 in Indonesia.
Languages, linguistics, and civilization; festschrift in honor of Anton Moeliono, Indonesian expert in linguistics.
Participation of Semaoen and Sarekat Islam Semarang in the history of Indonesian press during the Dutch colonial period, 1914-1924.
Reform and government policies on land in Indonesia.
On the alleged extra-marital affair between Abdurrahman Wahid and Aryanti boru Sitepu.
Biography of Sawitri, a Losari mask dancer.
Autobiographical sketches of Sobron Aidit, Indonesian political exile.
Fishers and their use of social networks to cover household expenses, research in Pesisir, East Java.
The structure of the Tulang Bawang dialect of the Lampung language.
Indonesian laws on nuclear energy.
Ethical, sacred, and teaching values in wayang world for the Javanese people.
The phonology of the Bonai dialect.
Languages used by Javanese, Sundanese and Madurese migrants at Sitiung, West Sumatra, Indonesia.
The morphology of the Bangka Malay language.
The morphology and syntax of the Panesak language.
Grammar of the Jambi Malay dialect.
Morphology of the Jambi Malay dialect.
Catalog of microfilmed newspapers in the collection of the Indonesian National Library.
Structure of the Balantak oral literature.
The affix ter in the Indonesian language.
Literary criticism of Indonesian poetry issued in Pandji poestaka, Poedjangga baroe, Pandji Islam, and Pedoman Masjarakat magazines.
Modern Javanese poetry in Osing dialect.
Literary criticism of Buginese stories.
Sociology of religion in religious pluralism in Indonesia.
History of the Indonesian Army.
Socioeconomic conditions of fishers' family in Galesong and cultural values in Toraja folktales.
Old historical forts of Gowa Sultanate in Sulawesi Selatan Province, traditional sayings of Mandar, traditional fishing equipments of Bajo people from Bone, and cultural values in traditional games from Bone.
Manners and customs of Balangnipa Sultanate in Mandar, history and development of Selayar municipality, traditional sailing boats of Sulawesi Selatan, and traditional industrial tools of Toraja people.
Aru Palakka, Sultan of Bone in the 17th century South Sulawesi History.
Political issues in Indonesia.
Muhammadiyah's movement to purify rural Indonesia, the wane of Islamic fundamentalism, and the need to redefine sufism.
New paradigm on national education in Indonesia.
Politics and social conditions in Indonesia during the New Order era; collection of articales.
History of business and economic development in Indonesia from 1950 to 2000.
Laos-Japanese glossary; includes some English terms.
Laos-Japanese dictionary, includes some terms in English.
Story for school children of Laos.
Story for school children of Laos.
Story for school children of Laos.
Story for school children of Laos.
On phonetics and phonology with reference to Malay language.
On Melayu Islam Beraja, the state philosophy of Brunei; study and teaching.
Collection of fatwas published in Pelita Brunei, an official newspaper of Brunei.
Interpretations of Islamic law ; fatwa issued by a mufti, Muslim scholar of Brunei.
The chronicle of Phra Dakkhinamoli Relic of the enlightened Buddha at Wat Phradhatu Sri Chomtong Voravihara, Chomtong District, Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.
Political development, democracy, rule of law, human rights and civil society in Singapore.
Biographical sketches of Al-Muhtadee Billah, Crown Prince of Brunei.
Legal aspects of banking and other financial institutions in Indonesia.
Environmental impact of green revolution in Indonesia.
Biography, paintings, etc. of Popo Iskandar, b. 1927, an Indonesian painter.
The Muslim almanac.
History of Gerakan Pemuda Islam Indonesia, an Indonesian Muslim youth organization.
State autonomy and federalism in Indonesia.
On religious issues and religious conflicts in Indonesia; Indonesian press opinion.
On rubber commodity in Indonesia; volume commemorating the 50th independence of Indonesia.
Questions and answers on Indonesian tax law.
Forest management in Indonesia.
Bibliography of Indonesian literature.
Didactic folktales of Laos narrated with cut glass wall illustrations at Vat Siangthong, Buddhist temple.
Folktales for children.
Four didactic folktales for children; two in verse form.
Ancient law related to monarchy of Laos.
Transliteration of ancient Laos customary law, rewritten in modern Lao.
Report on 25 years of Laos People's Democratic Republic.
English translation of original Thai legislation initiated and brought out by Department of Labour.
Description of Satun Province, Southern Thailand; volume brought out at its 150th anniversary.
On life style and customs of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand; with reference to commonnes among various ethnic groups in the province.
The King's royal agricultural project in Ayutthaya province enabling farmers to form cooperatives and to be self-sufficient.
History and brief economic infrastructure of Chachoengsao Province, Thailand.
Study on land tenure and use by Akha, Asian people in Thailand.
On development plans of Chachoengsao Province; papers presented at a seminar.
Study on problems of citizens participation in Chiang Mai city land use and city planning.
Completion of the main temple in Wat Lakhokrattanaram and its history, a Buddhist temple in Ratchaburi, Thailand.
General history and description of Chachoengsao Province, Thailand.
Cremation volume of a respected Thai monk, Phrakhru Prachathammanat at Wat Ratniyom.
Essence of Thai traditional festivals, ceremonies, and customs.
Vocabulary test on Thai language; history and usage.
Contributed articles on socioeconomic conditions and political economy of Thailand.
Biography of Yommarat (Pan), Chaophraya, 1862-1938, a Thai governor and minister of royal court.
Author's description of countries he visited in Asia; this translated part covers his tour in Thailand.
Cremation volume for Sombun Chawalitthamrong, 1912-1999, a Thai spouse.
Seminar on importance of bamboos on Thai ways of life.
Cremation volume of Mrs. Thong-yu Nakkhawatchara, the mother of a well-known Thai psychiatrist, Dr. Witthaya Nakkhawatchara and the second part is his book of how to live and perceive life.
Trade history of Pattani Province, Thailand, 16th-18th century and political and administrative developments during that period.
Narrative folk poetry of Southern Thailand; transcribed from original palm leaves manuscript to modern Thai.
The relics of the Buddha in various forms and shapes and history of the Buddhist stupas in India and Thailand.
The exhibition for H.M. King Bhumibol Adulyadej on his 72nd Birth Anniversary with pictures of him and his immediate royal relatives in the Chakri Dynasty.
Study on career performance cultures of paddy farmers in Southern Thailand.
Local literature of the South about Yangon's relic.
Local literature of the South about a mythological goddess.
Collection of Thai graphic designs.
Papers on administration of Bangkok, Thailand.
Report of a study on Thai labor unions and their practices.
Brief biographies and interviews of selected contemporary Thai authors.
Articles on Thai studies, refering to society and politics and Thai-China relations.
Views on attitudes and social behavior of 21st century Thai youth.
Analysis on economic conditions of Thailand in present recession period.
Traditional folk games of children reflecting social life and customs in Thailand.
Policy on Thai technological innovations.
Cremation volume of Phibun Aisawan.
Cremation volume for Rop Kanrasut, 1912-1999, former Thai navy officer; comprises his brief biography, condolences, and works about seafaring life, naval art, and Thai sailors.
Anthology of articles on Thai studies.
On Thai verses and versification.
On ethnoscience knowledge depicted in handicrafts and handicraft industries of Suphan Buri Province, Thailand.
Proverbs and maxims of Southern Thailand.
Study on Buddhism and contemporary values of Thai society.
Buddhism and politics of Thailand as discussed in lectures and speeches of Buddhist scholars.
On community studies for rural human resources and quality of life development in Thailand; academic rajabhat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Ministerial rules and regulation on local elections in Thailand.
Statistical report and result of House of Representatives elections held on November 17, 1996 in Thailand.
Excerpts of parts describing King Chulalongkorn's royal visit to Sweden and Norway from a title Chotmaihet sadet praphat Yurop, Ro. So. 116 by Phraya Sri Sahathep.
Laws and regulations related to elections of members of provincial administrative councils of Thailand.
The elections in Cambodia 1992.
Facts and statistical report of 1995 local election in Thailand.
Collection of articles on Thai laws; commemorative volume brought out at 72nd birthday of Pridi Kasemsap, b. 1927, former dean, Faculty of Law, Thammasat University.
On handicrafts and small art works of Bangkok, Thailand; published to mark the inauguration festival of Thai heritage year, 7th June 2000.
Brief biographies of Thai authors from Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, Thailand.
Prayer book of Theravada Buddhism for daily prayer of Cambodian Buddhists.
Story for Cambodian children.
Copy of the Karen Human Rights Group Web site that was available online on Jne 27, 2000.
Study on puppet plays of Songkhla Lake region determine folk wisdom in the region.
Study on environmental conditions of selected historical sites in Songkhla Province, Thailand.
Text with study.
Views of Songkhla through its archaeological sites.
Study on antiquities and archidectural sites in Songkhla Province, Thailand and environmental effects on them.
Narration on battering of wife in Cambodian families.
Narration from Angulimala Sutta in Majjhimanikaya.
Cambodian comic book; stories for young adults.
Comic book of Cambodia; a didactic story for children.
Comic book for children.
Statistics report and result of Thai senate elections held on March 4, 2000.
Statistical report of Ministry of Interior, Thailand.
Statistical report on 1995 general election in Thailand.
On abdication of Prajadhipok, King of Siam, 1893-1941 in 1932 peaceful coup detat leading to beginning of constitutional era in Thailand.
Compilation of administrative laws of Thailand; Cremation volume for Prast Waraphon, 1919-1999, a Thai judge.
Cremation volume for Somsak Chanthanasiri, 1922-2000, a public officer of Thailand; comprises his biography, condolences, genealogy of Thai royal family in the reign of Pinklao, King of Siam, 1808-1865 and Thailand's foreign relations treaties with Great Britain during his period.
Cremation volume for Chalm Siriwan, 1909-2000, former Director of Forest Industry Organization, Thailand; comprises his biography and condolences.
History of Kanchanaburi, Thailand.
Chronological history sources of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.
Study on meditation in Tipitaka, a cannonical Buddhist text and modern interpretation by Theravada Buddhists in Thailand.
History of Thailand.
On cobras in Southeastern Asian folklore; with reference to mythological and religious aspects.
Contributed articles on economic crisis in Thailand affecting social conditions and governmental melancholy.
Satires on political corruption and tyrants in Thailand.
Contributed articles on Thailand-Burma relations with reference to terrorist act of Burmese underground revolutionaries army in Ratchaburi Province, Thailand.
Study on resource based community and natural resources management in Thailand.
Natural resources condition and problems with references to resource based communities in Thailand.
On Thai economy and self sufficiency, an advice.
On social change in Thailand; a survival methods of society and political structure in new millennium.
Cultural history of Roi Et Province, Northeastern Thailand.
The history of "Japan attacked Thailand" in year 1941.
Social life, customs, and ceremonies of Mon, Southeast Asian people in Thailand.
Proceedings of a seminar on regional museums and ecotourism at Pathum Thani Province, Thailand.
National survey on the socio-economic impact of the implementation of Unexploded Ordnance Programme on landmines in Lao PDR, 1997.
Adapted from ancient Khammuan Province folktale.
Pictorial works for children on Siphandon wetland development project in Laos.
On life and time of Nangkan Thonglo, b. 1910, a Thai national artist, performing art (puppeteer).
Script of a southern Thai shadow puppet show.
Southern Thai proverbs with brief introduction and commentary.
Songs of Songkhla Province, Southern Thailand sung at boat racing and boating festival.
"S.E.A. Write Award."
History of Thailand; with reference to struggles for democracy.
Secrets of success of small and medium enterprises business owners in Thailand.
Insight of Thailand's concerns with International Monetary Fund and economic crisis since 1986.
Study on thai literature.
On Thai arts and customs depicted in art; includes brief biography of the author, a Thai art teacher.
Summary of annual meeting on Science and technology as required for economic development in Thailand.
Contributed articles on history, development, and future of science and technology in Thailand.
Accounts of author's involvement in struggle for democracy in Burma.
Leisure writings of a Thai author.
Fable in Indonesian fiction.
Regulations on environment in DKI Jakarta; includes some central regulations.
Revised version of author's Surat eksepsi, when charged with subversive activities in his political trial at the Jakarta Selatan District Court during the Soeharto government, 1997-1998.
Forestry and land disputes in Lampung Province.
Collaborative partnership for natural resources management in Jember, Indonesia.
Fostering participation of coastal communities in developing environment friendly shrimp ponds and rehabilitating mangrove swamps; research in Kabupaten Indramayu, West Java.
History of Indonesian culture for the last 100 years; collection of articles.
Islamic court cases on marriage, divorce, custody, marital property, inheritance, and waqf; law report and digest.
History of Islam and Bugis cemetries in Bali.
Strategic management in developing pharmaceutical industry in Indonesia.
Environmental management in Indonesia; papers of a seminar.
Study on 20th century lithography in Thailand.
Folk songs signifying culture and beliefs of Northeastern Thailand.
Case study presented at the 4th International Congress on AIDS in Asia and the Pacific in Manila in October 1997.
On puppet plays of Northeastern Thailand; volume brought out at award ceremony for Suan Phongpho, b. 1929, a national puppets artist, 1997; includes his brief biography and work.
Depicts seasonal festivals and customs of Northeastern Thailand.
Report on 10 years of functioning of Lao-American Integrated Rural Development Project Board.
Conflict in Buddhism.
Administrative procedure on trade licenses in Indonesia.
Indonesian laws and regulations on alien labor in trade sector.
Collection of Indonesian laws and regulations on investment, corporations, and trade.
Indonesian economic and trade policies, includes trade regulations.
The destruction of Buddhism in Asia.
Description of Laos and Vietnam; an account by Thai traveller.
Chiefly on economic and social aspects and policies of Narathiwat Province, Thailand; includes general statistics of province.
Forest management & conservation and the inconsistency of the 1999 Indonesian Law on Forestry; papers of a seminar.
On civilization of Karen, Southeast Asian people in Burma and Thailand.
Life and work career of Karaket Phuangchampi, a Thai women factory worker, her sufferings from workplace environment; includes article on working environment in Thai industries and its effect on laborers.
Thai member of parliament discusses economic crisis and Thailand's economic policy matters.
Based on life of the author as prisoner at Lat Yao Prison, Bangkok during 1950's.
Description of Burma in the present days.
Study on usage of Debt-for-Nature Swaps fund for reduction of debt state burden.
Management of conservation areas in Indonesia; policies and law enforcement aspects.
On the leadership of PDI Perjuangan, an Indonesian political party.
Species of water plants in Thailand.
Guidebooks to Angkor, extinct city in Cambodia.
On a need to reform mass media in Thailand.
Accounts of a Thai deputy minister of commerce efforts in promoting export trades of Thailand during 1998.
Study on knowledge and works of Dr. Chettana Nakwatchara, b. 1937 in sociology, literature, and society.
Life and time of Pridi Banomyong, a former Thai prime minister and social reformer in the memories of his associates and scholars of Thailand; his centennial birth anniversary celebration volume.
Author's views on social values in Thailand.
Study on Thai classical music, musical instruments, and songs.
Study on King Bhumibol Adulyadej speeches, views, etc. on educational developments in Thailand.
Brief biographies of early 20th century Thai authors and artists with reference to their contributions to the society.
Proceedings from a conference on social conflict in Thailand resulting from the recent economic crisis.
Biographical sketches of contemporary Thai authors, previously appeared in Matichon sutsapda, a Thai weekly.
With reference to Thailand.
Chiefly on history of Thailand.
Contributed articles on women health affairs in Thailand.
Legal aspects of water pollution in Indonesia.
Illustrated folktales of Cambodia.
Political events in Cambodia in pictures of years 1960-1961.
Khmer language textbook for French speaking foreigners.
Nursery alphabet rhymes for Cambodian children.
Geography of Cambodia and neighbouring states.
Report on Narodom Sihanouk, Prince, b. 1922, official visit to China.
Comic book for children.
Laws related to conduct of court procedures in Kingdom of Cambodia.
Historical anecdotes of old Siam, what places used to be and how the places acquired their names.
Documents on the drafting of the first Thai constitution in 1932 by the first Thai Parliament Assembly.
On beauty of Thai art depicted at Buddhist temples and monuments in Thailand.
Cremation volume for Metha Muyen, biography included.
Biography of Manat Chanyong, a contemporary Thai author, from reminiscences of his son.
Seminar on Thai traditional massage.
Research report on Thai traditional massage in healing muscle ache.
The role of monks in promoting forest conservation and natural resources awareness in the community.
Thai culture and the cultivation and usefulness of the rubber tree.
A study report, based on historical evidences etc. of the province, presented to National Research Council of Thailand.
History of social reform in Thailand by Chulalongkorn, King of Siam, 1853-1910, the great social reformer of his period.
Criticism on educational system and need for its innovation in Thailand.
Articles, talks, and discussions on social choice of civil society and social change in Thailand in 21st century.
Political stance of Indonesian House of Representatives during the 1998 succession process in Indonesia and Soeharto's resignation.
Management on forests, protected areas, and coastal resources in the eastern part of Indonesia; proceedings of a meeting.
Impact of autonomy on environmental management in Indonesia; collection of articles.
On the discipline of bhikkhus in Buddhist Order.
History of Chinese in Thailand.
Population and demographic studies in Thailand.
Study on fortune telling by numbers, a part of Chinese astrology practiced in Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, Thailand.
Study on Thai folk literature of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, Southern Thailand with reference to oral traditions depicted in it.
Folktales with commentaries of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, Thailand.
On festivals of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, Thailand; additional reader for secondary school students.
Cremation volume for Heng Sophaphong, 1912-1999, a national artist in the field of visual arts (nielloware); comprises his biography, condolences, niello work.
On conservation and restoration of historic sites at Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, Thailand.
Study on folk literature and proverbs of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, Southern Thailand.
Study on Thai folk songs accompaniment of Nora, Thai dance drama of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province; includes text and musical notations.
Historical sources of Thalang, at preset Phuket Province, Thailand; Cremation volume for Amonritthithamrong (Phrom), Phraya, 1892-1966, a Thai additional minister of interior; includes his brief biography.
Study on social life, customs, and folk beliefs of Muong people in Phitsanulok Province, Northern Thailand.
On effective local mass media system for community development in Thailand.
Contributed works on social change in Thailand and its effect to behavior pattern and mental model of Thai people.
Folk songs and lyric poetry of Laos.
Description of art and architecture of Angkor Wat at Angkor, extinct city.
Handbook for basic Islamic religious life in Thailand.
Basic educational policies and plans for 12 years in Thailand.
Educational policy of Thailand.
On educational reform in Thailand in accordance with educational act 1999.
Analysis on educational law of Thailand; includes text.
Report on impact of school dropouts of the lower secondary students on economic cost.
Study on campus plannings of Office of Policy and Planning, Ministry of Education, Thailand.
Progress report of Ministry of Education after framing educational policy in accordance to 1997 constitutional frame from October 1997-September 1999.
Critical review on administration and political activities in Thailand during tenure of prime minister Chuan Likphai, b. 1938.
Laws and regulations related to elections of members of House of Representatives, Thailand.
Report on scholarships for disaster victim students and loans sought from Asian Development Bank by Thai authorities.
Educational policy and reforms of Ministry of Education, Thailand.
Royal Decree on educational law of Thailand.
Summary report of a study on educational policies of Ministry of Education with respect to current socio-economic conditions of Thailand.
Papers presented at a seminar on Islamic banking, a solution to Thai economic crisis and proposed establishment of Islamic Bank of Thailand.
Commandments of inheritance and will and giving of properties.
Glossary for speaking Malay for Thai people.
Report on border trade between Thailand and Laos through Nong Khai Province, Northeastern Thailand.
Special report on achievements and activities of Ministry of Education from November 1997-November 1998 at completion of 1st year of new formed government.
Violence against women during disturbances in Indonesia, May 13-15, 1998; report.
Law and ministerial decree of the Minister for Religious Affairs on zakat in Indonesia.
Sexual abuse of adolescent girls in Jawa Timur Province, Indonesia.
Overcoming preparation of safeguard actions on import products in protecting local products in world free trade era.
Indonesian laws, regulations, and decrees on cooperatives, small and medium-scale entrepreneurs.
Community participation in forest management on Java Island, Indonesia.
Gender bias in infertility cases in Aceh Province; research report.
Review on the provisions in the Indonesian Criminal Code on sexual abuse and harassment.
Mobilization of national potentials for development in Indonesia.
Profile and directory of Islamic schools, universities, hospitals, etc. under jurisdiction of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic ogranization, in Jakarta.
Preparation for decentralization and local government autonomy in Lombok Barat, Nusa Tenggara Barat, Indonesia.
History of the transfer of West Irian (Irian Jaya) to Indonesia.
On Islam, education, and socio-political conditions in Indonesia; papers of a seminar.
Islamic religious education of children, in the family, in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Religious life and customs of various ethnic people in Indonesia.
Profile of Irian Jaya Province.
Local government law on regional planning of the organization of space and environment in Bali Province.
History of reunification of Irian Barat to Indonesia's sovereignty.
Index to registered companies in the Berita negara and Tambahan berita negara, the Indonesian official gazettes; supplement.
Legal terms based on Indonesian laws and regulations.
Religious rites and ceremonies of ethnic groups in Indonesia; collection of articles.
History of old mosques in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Description and identification of contemporary Islamic literature in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Biographies of Indonesian Muslim leaders and ulama; collection of articles.
Religious belief systems and rites & ceremonies of various ethnic people in Indonesia.
Religious policies during the Soeharto government in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Collection of regulations on Indonesia's National Institute of Public Administration.
On the Supreme Advisory Council in Indonesia.
On Islamic political parties and democratization process in Indonesia post Soeharto government: collection of articles.
Religious socialism, Islam and socialism; collection of articles.
Financing and fund raising strategies for Muhammadiyah, an Indonesian Islamic organization; papers of seminar.
Christian female teenage prostitutes in Jakarta, Bandung, and Surabaya; research from a Christian sexual ethics view.
Biography of Ahmad Arnold Baramuli, Indonesian politician.
Autonomy vs. federal toward strengthening national integrity of Indonesia.
Polemic on the relation between Islam and state in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Javanese horoscopes.
On the thoughts, character, and leadership of Abdurrahman Wahid, leader of Nadhlatul Ulama and Indonesia's fourth president; collection of articles previously published.
Javanese novel in the Fifties.
Painting and painters in Indonesia.
Various religious sects and spiritual movements in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Religious behavior of the peasantry in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Orations and sayings of Maharat, those Thai kings honored to be the greatest.
Autobiographical account of a Thai physician, specialist in autopsy and medical jurisprudence; chiefly related to her experiences at work.
On women's studies; with reference to various aspects concerning women in Thai society.
On border trade between Thailand and Laos through Loei Province, Northeastern Thailand.
What is new in the Constitution of Thailand in 1997.
Contributed articles on money laundering with reference to related laws in Thailand.
Biographical account of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927.
Management plan of Betung Kerihun National Park, West Kalimantan province, 2000-2004.
Migration, migrant labor, and manpower in Eastern Indonesia; research report.
Islam and politics in Malaysia.
Leadership training of Parti Keadilan Nasional members, a political party in Malaysia.
On the role of Muslim women in politics, government, and family; biography and thoughts of Anniswati M. Kamaluddin, an Indonesian Muslim woman activist.
Economic, political, law enforcement, and socio-cultural reform in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Economic, political, social, and cultural conditions in Riau Province, Indonesia; collection of articles.
Controversial statements of Abdurrahman Wahid, Indonesia's fourth president; statistical tables, 1991-2000.
The People's Consultative Assembly's presidential election process of Abdurrahman Wahid as Indonesia's fourth president, during its general session in October 1999.
Poverty and development in Indonesia.
Commodity futures and futures market in Indonesia.
Self-empowerment through learning.
Agricultural development and Indonesian economy.
Profile of investment in Eastern Indonesia.
Nutrition of tempeh, fermented soyfoods relating to socio-economic condition in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Profile and directory of Islamic hospitals, medical clinics, and nursing schools under jurisdiction of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic organization in Indonesia, and 'Aisyiyah, its women's wing.
On discriminination against women in Indonesia and its implementation of the U.N. Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women.
Political, cultural, and social aspects of kethoprak, a Javanese folk-drama.
Dictionary of environment terms.
Preparing master plan of state vocational schools at secondary level in Sulawesi Tengah  Province, 2000-2005.
Biography of Nani Soedarsono, former Indonesian Minister of Social Affairs.
Non-formal education in Indonesia.
System for cadre development of Ikatan Remaja Muhammadiyah, the youth wing of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic organization in Indonesia.
Controversy between Muhammadiyah and N.U. organizations on perspective of Muslim prayers for the deceased in Indonesia.
National science and technological congress of Indonesia; proceedings.
Laws and regulations on police force of DKI Jakarta.
Criticism on Indonesian literature.
Social conditions of HIV/AIDS infected person in Indonesia.
On reincarnation; spiritual perspective and meditation exercises.
Reincarnation and interpretation of Koranic verses on death; collection of dialogs.
On the state of civil emergency and curfew in Maluku Province to curb religious and ethnic conflicts.
Activities of the Indonesian Supreme Court during 1999 to 2000.
Amendment of the 1945 Constitution of Republic of Indonesia.
Propagation of Islam with emphasis on spiritual and social development in Indonesia.
Biographical festschrift in honor of Pedet Soedarman, an Indonesian bomber pilot.
Criticism towards Abdurrahman Wahid's behavior and political leadership; collection of articles previously published.
Biography of Suleman Wiriadidjaja, an Indonesian maritime industry expert and former Senior Executive Vice President of PT PAL Indonesia.
Industrial relations between employer, employee, and government in Indonesia.
Anthropological approach to cultural and environmental issues in Indonesia.
Indonesian politics , military, economics, and socio-cultural conditions; collection of articles.
Economic and social problems in Indonesia; collected articles.
History of tattoo in Indonesia.
Polling on political conditions in Indonesia during July 4-24, 2000; report.
History and role of Kosgoro, an Indonesian multi-purpose organization based on the principal of mutual cooperation in Indonesian society.
Church and society in Indonesia; collected articles.
Tips on business in Indonesia; articles previously published in Kontan tabloid.
Commentary on the Indonesian Criminal Procedure Code.
Indonesian appellate procedure and review of verdicts in criminal cases.
English-Indonesian legal terminology.
Indonesia in transition; political, socio-economic reform; discussion papers.
Statutes and by-laws of Nadhlatul Ulama, an Islamic organization in Indonesia.
Social and ecological conditions of women in mangrove forest in Bintuni Bay in Irian Jaya; a study.
Civil-military relations in the post Soeharto period; collected articles.
Impact of economic development on business ethics and cooperatives in Indonesia; papers of seminars.
History of the Communist Party of Indonesia and its political power in Central Java and East Java provinces.
On local autonomy or decentralization in government in Indonesia.
Indonesian authors and excerpts of famous works; lexicon.
Interpretation of law, and international law through cases in court practice in Indonesia.
Indonesian commercial law.
Collection of articles on Indonesian art.
History of the dioceses of the Catholic Church in Indonesia.
On regional development plan in rural areas, Indonesia; collection of articles.
Integrated regional development planning in Sangihe Talaud, North Sulawesi Province.
Islam and the Indonesians in Australia.
Indonesian law on telecommunication.
History of Faculty of Forestry, Gadjah Mada University.
Encyclopaedia of forestry in Indonesia.
Industrial relations management in Indonesia; case study in PT. Astra International Corporation.
Forests management and effect to economy in rural areas in Java Island, Indonesia; collection of articles.
Forests management and forestry in Indonesia; collected articles.
Tropical forest management in Indonesia; papers of a meeting.
History and socio-cultural aspects of the Chinese minority in Indonesia.
Commentary on the Indonesian revised tax laws of the year 2000.
Profile of PEPABRI, association of Indonesian retired military personnel.
Literary criticism on Rendra, an Indonesian poet and playwright; collection of articles previously published in Indonesian dailies and magazines.
The role of ulamas during the Indonesian revolution for independence.
History of Jepara, and the on the leadership of Ratu Kalinyamat, a daughter of the 3rd Sultan of Demak, Jepara, Central Java Province.
The role of ulamas, during the Indonesian revolution for independence in Yogyakarta, 1945-1949.
History of Makassar, South Sulawesi.
Ulemas and democracy in Indonesia.
Criticism towards Abdurrahman Wahid's behavior and political leadership; collection of articles.
Ministerial decrees and regulations on media in Indonesia.
Local government and autonomy as new paradigm in Indonesian development; result of a seminar.
On democracy in Indonesian villages; collection of articles.
Literary criticism on the Indonesian literature by the  Chinese  Indonesian in Indonesia.
Economic conditions in Indonesia.
History and criticism of Indonesian literature.
On primates in Indonesia.
Role and history of ICMI, the all-Indonesia Muslim Intelectuals' Association; commemorating its 10th anniversary.
Islam and civil society in Indonesia; papers of a meeting.
Issues on feminism, sex discrimination, violence against women, and women in development in Indonesia; volume commemorating the 10th anniversary of Program Studi Kajian Wanita, Universitas Indonesia.
Politics, economics, and social conditions in Indonesia; collected articles.
Biography of Haji Muhammad Yunus Anis, reformist of Muhammadiyah, a modern Islamic organization in Indonesia.
Biography of Karlinah Umar Wirahadikusumah, the Indonesian ex-vice president's wife.
Who's who of Indonesian executives.
Political conditions in Aceh Province during military operations, 1989-1998.
Biographical notes of Sumitro Djojohadikusumo, former Indonesian Minister for Research and Technology under President Soeharto and his son Prabowo Subianto, former chief of the Army's Special Forces.
Legal reform in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Biography of Haji Mohammad Misbach, an ulama and social politics activist from Central Java.
On nationalism, religion, and communism in Indonesia; collection of articles.
History of Wanita Persatuan Umat Islam Indonesia, a Muslim women organization in Indonesia, 1970-1990; report.
The export market review of agricultural commodity in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Collection of Indonesian laws.
On Gerakan Aceh Merdeka, its leader Muhammad Hasan Tiro, and the independence movement in Aceh.
On Hasan Tiro's political thoughts, leader of Gerakan Aceh Merdeka, and the independence movement in Aceh.
Religious conflict between Muslims and Christians in Maluku Province.
Author's account on business, economics, stocks, finance and investment; collection of previously published articles.
Role and history of ICMI, the All-Indonesia Muslim Intellectuals' Association.
Report of the 3rd Congress of ICMI, the Central Board of the All-Indonesian Muslim Intellectuals' Association during 1995-2000.
Presidential decree on Indonesian National Land Agency.
On interreligious harmony in Indonesian from Christian viewpoint.
Study on Indonesian juvenile delinquency and criminal law; seminar papers.
Local regulation on organizational structure and office procedures of the East Java Board of Environmental Impact Control.
Directory of sinden, female singers of Javanese gamelan music, in Jawa Timur Province.
Dictionary of Sambas dialect of Malay spoken in Kalimantan Barat, Indonesia.
History of Pontianak; volume commemorating the 229th anniversary of Pontianak city, Indonesia.
History of Islam and politics in Indonesia; correspondence between Nurcholis Majid, Indonesian scholar, and Mohamad Roem, Indonesian statesman & politician.
Future of Muslims in Indonesia.
Political education on democracy in Indonesia.
Javanese mysticism (kebatinan) and Islam in Indonesia.
Biography of Soekarno, first president of Indonesia.
Dictionary of international trade terms.
History of Kelana Sakti, an Indonesian troop in struggling for independence against Dutch occupation.
Alumni and alumnae of Institut Agama Islam Negeri Sunan Gunung Djati, Bandung, 30th graduation, 1998.
Selected collection of Museum Negeri Nusa Tenggara Timur.
Collection of ministerial decisions on higher education in Indonesia; includes a law and some governmental decisions.
Indonesian-Chinese dictionary.
Biography of Sutrisno Muhdam, political and social activist from Muhammadiyah.
Indonesian laws on regional finance and alternative dispute resolution and arbitration.
Indonesian law on local government.
Muhammadiyah on Islamic law; decisions of congresses.
Art and the poor in urban areas, research on symbolism in art in Kabupaten Kendal, Indonesia.
Gubernatorial decisions regarding with preservation and restoration of historic buildings and sites in Jakarta Raya.
Indonesian law on social services for the aged.
Seminar on Indonesian language; papers.
Reform of state-owned enterprises in Indonesia; report of the State Minister of State Owned Enterprises of the Habibie's government.
On coral reefs conservation in Bunaken, Sulawesi Utara Province.
On coral reefs conservation in Mamut Village, Kepulauan Riau Regency, Riau Province.
Obstacle to protection and conservation challenges of coral reefs in Kupang, East Nusa Tenggara.
Catalog of the collections of Perpustakaan Ekspor.
Local taxation and revenue for parking service in Salatiga.
Role of social workers in social services in Kabupaten and Kotamadya Magelang; research.
Collection of Indonesian newspaper articles on the East Timor refugees, pro-Jakarta militia intimidations, and the murder of UNHCR's staff in Atambua, West Timor, Sept. 6, 2000.
Improvement of social services for neglected children by karang taruna, government institutionalized youth organizations in Jawa Timur Province and Special District of Yogyakarta.
Socio psychology of refugees in Sumatera Utara, Jawa Timur, Kalimantan Barat, and Sulawesi Tenggara provinces.
Poverty alleviation in Indonesia through KUBE, a collective economy activity group; research.
Social welfare development and local government autonomy in Indonesia.
Role of yunior and senior high school students in Cirebon on liberation struggle in Indonesia.
Defense papers of Alberson Marle Sihaloho, Indonesian legislator, at his political trial, during the Soeharto government.
Collection of presidential decisions on investments; includes some ministerial decisions.
Interreligious conflict between Muslims and Christians in Maluku Province.
Woodworking industry in Jambi Province, Indonesia; collection of articles.
Distribution of commodities through cooperatives societies in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Empowerment of women traders in small-scale enterprises in traditional market of Bandung, Indonesia; collection of articles.
Empowerment of poor fishermen in Indonesia, a poverty alleviation review; research report.
Alleviating urban poor in Keparakan, Special District of Yogyakarta; collection of articles.
Defense of Aberson Marle Sihaloho, Indonesian legislator, at his political trial, during the Soeharto government.
Cost and income analysis of small business in Salatiga and Boyolali.
Evaluation on the treatment of sexually transmitted disease among sexual workers in Jakarta, Surabaya, and Manado; research.
Biography of K.H.E. Abdurrahman, former leader of Jam'iyah Persatuan Islam.
Socioeconomic and political condition of Indonesia in the 21st century; collection of articles.
Indonesian business law.
History of Gerakan Aceh Merdeka, its controversial leader Hasan Muhammad Tiro, and the rebellion in Aceh, ca. 1961-1999.
Criticism towards Asian Development Bank's policy and how to lobby against it; manual for Indonesian non-governmental organization activists.
Volume commemorating the 6th anniversary of the Indonesian Alliance of Independent Journalists.
History of the struggle of Pasemah people against Dutch colonial in the 19th century in Sumatera Selatan.
Sociocultural aspects of Kabupaten Muna, Sulawesi Tenggara; case study.
Prison letters of Mohamad Jumhur Hidayat, Indonesian political prisoner and student activist during the Soeharto government.
Anthropological novel of the Asmat people of Irian Jaya.
Indonesian modern plays; collection of articles.
Folk literature of Yapen Waropen, Irian Jaya Province; collection of transcribed and freely translated stories.
Administrative and financial aspects of the Jakarta local government; comments on Law no. 34 of 1999.
History and development of Muhammadiyah, modern Islamic organization in Indonesia.
Raw materials for large and medium-scale industry in Jawa Timur, Indonesia.
Anti-violence movement in Indonesia.
The Indonesian communication system.
Ethnic conflict between Dayak & Malay locals against Madurese migrants in Kabupaten Sambas, Jan. 1999; includes history of other ethnic conflicts in West Kalimantan.
Hindu Balinese religion and divination.
History of newspaper advertising in Java during 1870-1915, and their relationship with Javanese sosiocultural changes.
Political and economic issues in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Muslim pilgrims and pilgrimages in Indonesia, 1990-2000.
History of the Indonesian culture.
Indonesian corruption law; comments on Law no. 31 of 1999 on Corruption.
Legal aspects of bank loans in Indonesia.
Elections of village head in Guworejo, Jawa Tengah Province; case study from cultural viewpoints.
Economic and political failures of Indonesia's New Order government; collection of articles previously published.
Indonesian law on consumer protection.
Political geography of Indonesia; by province.
Relations between Muhammadiyah, an Indonesian modernist Muslim organization and Nahdlatul Ulama, Indonesia's largest Muslim organization; collection of articles.
History of rural credit facilities in Indonesia.
Intercultural exchange in the Indonesian theater; collection of articles previously published.
Political career of Alwi Shihab, Indonesia's foreign minister and politician.
Political stance of Mohammad Natsir toward the state ideology based on Islamic philosophy; collection of speeches.
On water-supply system in Indonesia.
Air power of Indonesia; collection of articles.
The Indonesian revolution, 1945-1947; a comparative study on press opinions of Merdeka daily and Kedaulatan rakjat daily.
Pergerakan Mahasiswa Islam Indonesia, Indonesian Moslem Student Movement.
Indonesian students and student movements in Europe, 1926-1928.
Labor movement, labor-management relations, and socialism in Indonesia.
Preparation for decentralization and local government autonomy in Solok, Sumatera Barat, Indonesia.
Preparation of social progress in the slum areas of 5 cities in Indonesia.
Col. A.M. Hendropriyono's role in the massacre of Jamaah Warsidi members, a Muslim group suspected of Islamic militant activities in Lampung Province during the Soeharto government, February 1989.
Islamic political perspective on the role of Indonesian Armed Force.
Housing improvement for the urban poor in Indonesia.
History of Mataram, Lombok.
Biographical sketches of Tatto Sugiarto Pradjamanggala, founder of Angkatan Muda Siliwangi, youth wing of Siliwangi, the military command in West Java.
Dictionary of legal terminology.
Reminiscences on the author's life; Indonesian economist.
On the strategy and concept of civil defense to increase national awareness and unity in Indonesia.
Indonesian children's language acquisition; based on author's research on his granddaughter.
Directory of members of DPR, the Indonesian House of Representatives, elected in the 1999 general election.
Investment analysis and portfolio management towards an Islamic fund system; research report.
Thoughts of Abdurrahman Wahid, Indonesia's fourth president on politics and Islam in Indonesia.
Batak culture and Christianity in Indonesia.
Islamic archeology in Indonesia.
History and future of Indonesia's Angkatan Darat, the Indonesian Army.
Indonesian government policy on the price hike of petroleum products.
Directory of art and cultural institutions in Indonesia.
The political behavior of Muhammadiyah, the orthodox Muslim organization in Indonesia towards global transformation; collection of articles.
History of Gerakan Aceh Merdeka, an independence movement in Aceh, Indonesia, ca. 1976-1999.
Economic and political conditions in Indonesia; interviews and articles.
Javanese mysticism and spiritual life.
Proceedings of the role of church service agencies in addressing the social problems.
Sociopolitical issues with reference to Indonesia's heterogeneity and diverse culture.
Religious ethics in the Islamic civil society in Indonesia.
Alleged involvement of Indonesian Armed Forces in the Muslim-Christian religious conflict in Maluku.
Irrigation management turnover in small-scale irrigation systems in Central Java and West Java, Indonesia; collection of articles; study.
Biographical notes of Indonesian authors, painters, musicians, etc.
Violence against women in Indonesia; papers of a workshop.
History of independence struggle in Kalimantan Selatan Province from 1945 to 1949.
Author's  account as a former governor of Kalimantan Selatan, 1985-1995 on political development and social conditions in Indonesia; collected articles.
Brief biographies of the 2000-2005 governor and vice-governor of Kalimantan Selatan Province.
Festschrift in honor of Farida Hasan Aman, wife of Gusti Hasan Aman, Governor of Kalimantan Province for the period of 1995-2000.
Biography of Hassan Basry, Indonesian freedom fighter from Kalimantan; two articles.
Political conditions in Indonesia, and Muhammadiyah, an Islamic organization; collection of articles previously published.
Sociopolitical conditions in Indonesia; collection of articles previously published in Media Indonesia newspaper.
Educational issues in Indonesia; collection of articles previously published.
Autobiography of M. Said, former governor of Kalimantan Selatan Province.
Development plan and government of Kalimantan Selatan Province for 2000-2005.
Study on needs, processes, and impacts of child labor in industrial and services sector of main cities in Northern Thailand; includes statistics.
The study of land for agricultural use in Maha Sarakham Province, northeastern Thailand.
Volume brought out at 36th anniversary of University of Thai Chamber of Commerce; comprises administration, functions, and activities of the university.
Report of a study on environmental plans and areas of investment priorities for Amnat Charoen Province, Thailand.
Statistical report of action plan for watersheds development in Amnat Charoen Province, Thailand.
On banking industry in Indonesia; columns in Kompas daily.
Portion oflife and time of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927 when he ordained to be a Buddhist monk.
On Thai stone architectural designs, decorations, and lintel arts based on Cambodian influence.
On life and works of Sunthon Phu, the most famous Thai poet and commemorating his birth-year bicentenary.
Satirical political poetry of Thailand.
Report on archaeological theft and business in Thailand.
Author's views and activities in agricultural development for economic growth during his tenure as minister in Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives, Thailand.
The caste system in Thailand during the olden days.
Leisure writings of Thai author; previously published in various Thai periodicals.
Biography of Aphisit Wetchachiwa, b. 1964, a Thai politician with special focus at his 2 years tenure as minister assisting Prime Minister's Office.
Water supply and environmental sanitation in rural areas in Indonesia.
On nationalism in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Muhammadiyah background of General Sudirman, former chief of the Indonesian Armed Forces; biography.
Concept and principles of Islamic state in Indonesia.
Laws on intellectual property and anti-monopoly in Indonesian trade.
Dayak Ngaju-Indonesian dictionary.
Decisions of the People's Consultative Assembly on separation between the Armed Forces and the Police Force; decentralization of government; sources of law, hierarchy and types of laws & regulations; judicial review; includes the second amendment to the 1945 Constitution.
Accounts of insurgency and subversive activities of communists in Southern Thailand by the officials in action.
Pop-up book showing His Majesty the King's Chitlada palace.
Questions and answers on educational act of Thailand.
On antiquities of Thailand, U-thong period.
Articles chiefly on history, art, and culture of Northern Thailand with reference to Dararatsami, Princess, consort of Chulalongkorn, King of Siam, 1873-1933 in making of northern Thai history.
Biography of Wichitwathakann (Kimliang), Luang, 1898-1962, a Thai politician, ambassador, and author.
A review on recession period in Thailand with reference to government policies and role of Thai politicians.
Economic history of Thailand.
Corruption in international trade with reference to customs administration in Thailand.
On social and cultural change in Thailand.
On dances and performing arts of Thailand.
Economic policy of Thailand, failure and success in the recession period.
Lectures on various aspects of farmers in Thon Buri, Thailand.
Articles and essays earlier brought out in Thai periodicals on Buddhism and social problems and changes in Thailand.
History and growth of Khra Simen Thai, a Thai cement industry.
Reviews on political history of Thailand with reference to socio-economic conditions since 1932.
History of Thailand in World War, 1939-1945, Japanese military action on Thailand in December 1941.
On Thai art and architecture of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya period.
On ragging of new comer students in Thai universities and colleges.
Biography of Khaisng Suksai, b. 1928, a Thai politician, imprisoned over and again fighting for democracy and human rights.
On fifty five entrepreneur clans of Thailand.
Manifestoes of 53 newly formed governments in Thailand, 1932-2000; cremation volume for Si Kraturk, 1920-2000, a Thai spouse.
Anna and the King of Siam, a critique by the Thai Khadi Research Institute.
Biography and pictorial representation of amulets of Phra Phutthachan (To), Somdet, 1788-1872, a serior Thai ecclesiastic.
Study on the role of Buddhist temples lord abbots power in maiting monastic and religious orders in Thailand; briefly includes related law and ministerial regulations.
Analysis on controversies of Wat Phrathammakai, Buddhist temple's doctrines and monastic orders.
Vision on Thai science and technology, present conditions and strategies for development by year 2020; proceedings of a seminar.
Reports, news reviews, and court proceedings on arson case on 36 schools in Southern Thailand.
Act supporting medium and small business enterprises, 2000, Thailand.
Royal decree on electronic commerce, circuit design protection law of Thailand.
On Laos festivals, ceremonies, and traditional customs still in vogue.
Lao proverbs, compiled from old palm leaves manuscripts.
Compiled quotations from works, etc. of a Thai politician and former minister of interior.
The leader of Chart Thai Party, Banharn Silpa-acha, his ways of management.
Political history of Thailand leading to student uprising, 1973 and uprising in 1992.
A television talks on Pridi Banomyong, former Thai prime minister and social reformer by his friends and associates, chiefly on his political and social reform activities; volume brought out at his centennial birth anniversary celebration.
Brief biographies of queens and princesses of Chakri Dynasty, from 1782.
Political history of Thailand with reference to influence of Pridi Banomyong, the former prime minister of Thailand.
Differences in politics and the landscape between Bangkok and Ayutthaya.
The basis of Mon language.
Thai book on lessons in the Mon language by Sinlpakorn University's professors.
Lecture held on September 15, 2000 at Sinlapakorn University on traditional domestic vernacular architecture in Thailand.
Study on Tai languages from the inscriptions.
On antiquities and brief history of Suphan Buri Province, Thailand.
Seminar papers on new archaeological and historical evidence found in Suphan Buri, Thailand.
Figurative drawing of architectural decorations.
Narrative verse adaptation of ancient Laotian literary epic about vicissitudes of Prince Hung and Prince Cheuang, two royals of city-state now known as Chiang Rai, Thailand; issued with parallel prose text.
Draft of communities demanded forestry law for conservation of forests in Northern Thailand and need for local community assertion in conservation affairs.
Contributed articles presented at the IIR's Conference on Joint Ventures held on July 2-3, 1992 at Bangkok.
Guidebook to Loei Province, Thailand.
On civilization of Udon Thani Province, Thailand.
Investment plan of Nong Khai Province, Northeastern Thailand.
Commemorative volume brought out at 30th anniversary of Faculty of Humanities, Chiang Mai University; comprises articles on social sciences and social conditions in Thailand.
On framework of local government in accordance with constitution of Thailand, 1997.
Interpretations on criminal law of Thailand.
Commentary on administrative law and court procedures in Thailand.
Commentary of legislation to form appellate court and cases execution procedures in Thailand.
Lecture on consumer protection laws and ministerial regulations of Thailand.
Commentary on administrative laws of Thailand.
Handbook on criminal provisions and procedures against legislators in Thailand; includes texts of related laws in appendix.
Handbook for determination of conflict of laws in justification by court of justice, administrative court, and other courts in Thailand and final rulings.
Collection of international trade regulations; includes some related Thai laws.
Commentary on bankruptcy laws and restoration of business firms in Thailand.
Commentary on advertising laws and ministerial regulations of Thailand.
Legal knowledge and advice on making wills in Thailand.
Framed questions and answers on local government functions in Thailand.
Text with commentary of Copyright Act, 1994, Thailand; includes Supreme Court's digests.
Partnership and corporation act concerning ministers and prime minister in Thailand.
Civil and commercial laws related to purchase, exchange and gifts in Thailand; presented in question-answer format.
Agricultural produce marketing act of Thailand.
Articles on trade competition and unfair practices in Thailand; includes competition control act, 1999 in appendix.
Collection of laws related to public administration in Thailand.
Collection of laws related to economy uplift in Thailand.
On elephants and elephant trainers and training in Surin Province, Thailand.
Lao-French-English dictionary of terms on natural science and social science.
Labor law of Laos.
The action plan for Thailand's northeastern provinces, Si Sa Ket, Surin, Chaiyaphum, Buriram, Nakhon Ratchasima, that are in The World Heritage List of UNESCO's.
Proceedings of a confrence on historiographical studies of Surin Province, Thailand.
The various kinds and dishes made from lotuses and the traditonal candle festival marking Buddhist lent day in Ubon Ratchathani, northeastern Thailand.
Photographic views of Northeastern Thailand.
The changes and problems in Thai society caused by industrialization and foreign investment and how the working people can use democracy to help them politically.
Catalog of an exhibition held at Viengtavern Gallery, Bangkok, November 9-December 3, 2000.
Acrylic and oil paintings.
On Thai constitution with new mechanisms for transparent and anti-corruption society; includes constitutional laws in appendix.
Brief sketches on life and time of Direk Chaiyanam, 1905-1967, a professor at Faculty of Political Science, Thammasat University, covers period of his association with the Faculty.
Satirics on present Thai political conditions.
Commemorative volume brought out at 10th anniversary of Thai Chinese Women's Association; comprises history, development, and activities of the association.
Brief analysis on economy, industry, and capital investment potential of Northeastern Thailand.
Study on importance of ecotourism with reference to Thailand.
Study on rock and cave paintings in Thailand.
Pictorial work on prime ministers and legislators of Thailand.
Chiefly statistics on handicapped and helping aids in Thailand.
Indonesian Law on the Ratification of the 1971 Convention on Psychotropic Substances.
Pictorial representation Traibhumi, Buddhist cosmology, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya-Thon Buri period.
Reproductions of manuscripts on traditional medicine written and preserved at the royal palace during reign of Chulalongkorn, King of Siam, 1853-1910.
Social life and customs of Hmong, Asian people.
Palaces and their parks in Thailand.
On tourism and ecotourism; with reference to Thailand.
Collection of travel description in Thailand by thirty travelers and authors.
Author's narratives based on his travel, describing various places he toured during 1950's to 1970's.
Laws of Thailand with reference to understanding of evidences for citizens participation in protection of law and order.
Study on prisons and prisoners conditions in Thailand.
Compilation of laws, etc. on immigrants and aliens in Thailand.
On knowledge in environmental geography of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927 and his activities in its promotion and his agricultural development projects; volume commemorating his 72nd birth anniversary.
Encyclopedia of Thai civilization, Central Thailand.
Encyclopedia of Northern Thailand civilization.
Pictorial work on Cambodian revolutionaries, later formed Front uni national du Cambodge.
Speech delivered at non-aligned conference, Belgrade, 1961 on Cambodian foreign relations, etc.
Psychological warfare training in Cambodia.
Khmer Ramayana.
History of Thon Buri, Thailand, former capital of Thailand.
Fictionalised description of Southern Thailand based.
On Thai language usage and foreign words added to it.
Thai language dictionary with explanation on roots of the words.
Political history of Thailand from the period of coup d'etat, 1932 to October 1973 student uprising.
Criticism on democracy and political system of Thailand.
Study on Thai literature.
Socioeconomics of urban poor in Malaysia; research.
Contribution of Malay Muslims in science and modern world; proceedings of a seminar.
On Islam and politics in Malaysia.
Community development and social conditions in Indonesia; papers and articles published in journals between 1990-1996.
Use and sociolinguistic aspects of Malay language; papers of a colloquium.
Literary criticism of Malay Islamic literature.
Socioeconomic policy and international economic relations in global development of Malaysia; papers of a seminar.
Global development for the 21st century in Malaysia with curriculum proposal.
Development of Brunei; commemorating its 14th anniversary.
On education in Brunei; speeches.
Volume commemorating the coronation of Prince Al-Muhtadee Billah, as Crown Prince of Brunei Darussalam.
Rites and ceremonies in building a house with reference to social life and superstition of the Malays (Asian people).
History and the role of institutions in Malay Islamic Monarchy, Brunei.
Literary criticism of Muslim Burmat's novel Puncak pertama.
History and criticism of Malay poetry and novels.
History and literary criticism on Leman Ahmad's Air biru ombak biru, 20th century Malay short stories.
Management for the radio and television broadcasts in Brunei.
History of broadcasting in Brunei.
Role of the television newscast in Brunei.
Civilization of Malay people in Sarawak, Malaysia; papers of a seminar.
Biography of Mat Rimau, a revolutionary hero from Sibu, Sarawak, Malaysia.
Development in Sarawak, Malaysia; speeches of the Chief Minister of Sarawak.
Dawah (Islam) and management of religious aspects in Malaysia.
Islam and politics in Malaysia and Indonesia.
Javanese language and literature, social life and customs of the Javanese in Malaysia; collection of articles.
On the voyages of Zheng He, a Muslim Chinese, to Malaya in the 15th century.
Socio-economic conditions in Malaysia and other developing countries in Asia; collection of articles.
Management of human and natural resources towards the development in Malaysia; papers of a seminar.
People movement on human rights issues in Malaysia; collection of articles.
Islam and socio-political situation in Kelantan, Malaysia, under the ruling of Parti Islam Semalaysia; articles.
Politics and government, leadership, etc. with reference to Islamic value in Malaysia; collection of articles.
Commentary on Malaysian trusts and trustees law.
Rain forests in Malaysia.
Economic development in Malaysia.
On nationalism, politics and government in Malaysia; articles.
History of the Malay language; papers.
Study of Malaysian law on oaths.
Biographical sketches of P. Ramlee, Malaysian actor.
Labor supply in Malaysia.
On social conditions, culture, politics and government of Malaysia and the Malay language; articles previously published in Dewan masyarakat and Dewan budaya.
Tourist trade in Selangor, Malaysia; collection of articles and papers.
Information technology and its role in community development in Selangor, Malaysia; papers.
Traditional medicine in Malaysia.
Management and prospects of small-scale industries in Malaysia.
Socioeconomic and political conditions in Malaysia.
Islamic law in Malaysia; papers of seminar.
Mysticism and its influence on Malay civilization in Malaysia.
Socio-cultural and religious aspects of Zapin, folk dance of the Malay Archipelago; collection of articles.
Hudud law in Malaysia.
Criticism on Malay novels, 1957-1969.
Social change in Malaysia and its impact on Malaysian civilization; collection of articles.
In Malay.
In Malay.
Issues on role of Malaysian women in their communities; collection of articles.
Manual of Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia on ethics of academic activities.
Social aspects of street children and its impact on the communities in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Decisions of the People's Consultative Assembly of Aug. 2000 a.o. on retention of seats of the Indonesian Armed Forces in the People's Consultative Assembly until 2009; separation between the Armed Forces and the Police Force; decentralization of government; sources of law, hierarchy and types of laws & regulations; judicial review; includes the second amendment to the 1945 Constitution.
Festschrift in honor of Haji Sudarsono Prodjokusumo, Muslim leader of Muhammadiyah Organization in Indonesia.
Indonesian women in politics based on Islamic viewpoint; collection of articles.
Activities of members of the Indonesian People's Consultative Assembly.
Autobiography of Tengku Said Noerdin, Indonesian freedom fighter from Riau.
Biography of Raja Haji Fisabilillah, an author from Riau Sultanate, Indonesia.
New law on trade unions in Indonesia; includes decisions of the Minister for Manpower with reference to dismissal & severance pay; minimum wage, etc.
Account of a former rebel who escaped into the jungle during October 1973.
Socialism is the way out for Thailand's political system.
Opposing the free market and the selling of state enterprises.
The labor class and the benefits of socialism.
Social network for the protection of human rights in Indonesia; papers of a seminar.
Human rights in Indonesia; proceedings of a workshop.
Socio-economic conditions and development strategy of Jakarta city; essays in the prizewinning writing contest.
Future of state autonomy in Indonesia.
Islam and politics in Indonesia; articles previously published in dailies and magazines.
Yogyakarta and Indonesian contemporary arts.
Industrialization in Indonesia.
Local government autonomy in Indonesia.
On Indonesian ship measurement regulations.
Aspects of private international law in Indonesian international contracts.
Four scenarios of Indonesia's future.
Political activities of Golkar Party in government and society towards 21st Century; collection of articles.
On the life and teachings of Jesus based on Nicolas Notovitch's The unknown life of Jesus Christ and other sources.
Interpretation of the Sermon on the mount.
Interpretation of Surat al-Fatihah and meditation exercises.
Interpretation of the last three surats of the Koran and meditation exercises.
Spiritual exercises in the style of Anthony de Mello.
Interpretation of the Ninety-nine names of Allah and meditation exercise.
Collection of circular letters of the Director General for Budgetary Affairs, Jan. 2000-June 2000.
Use of rebana, tambourine music, for Islamic music in Indonesia.
Bank interest in Indonesia from an Islamic viewpoint; collection of articles.
Toward modernization of principles, activities, and political orientation of Muhammadiyah, modern Islamic organization in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Improving educational system in Indonesia; collected erticles.
Humanitarian assistance in East Timor; personal accounts of aid workers and refugees.
Aceh's rebellion against Indonesian (Javanese) supremacy; collection of articles.
Politics and morals, Indonesia; collection articles previously published.
On consumer complaints in Indonesia; collection of articles previously published.
Intraorganizational relations in Muhammadiyah, an Indonesian Islamic organization.
On land reform and history of peasants' protest movement in Klaten, Indonesia, 1959-1965.
On socio-political and economic issues in Indonesia; transcript of talk show on the radios in Bandung, Yogyakarta, and Malang.
The authors' diaries.
Participation of Laskar Mujahidin in the on-going war between Muslims and Christians in Maluku Province.
Land reform in Indonesia.
Law and regulations on Indonesian pledges, security, and fiducia.
Government regulations and ministerial decrees on social security program of workers.
Government's regulation and ministerial decrees on organizational structure of local government units in Indonesia.
Collection of circular letters on administration of justice; includes Law on Arbitration.
Indonesian fisheries, fishing policies, and fishers; collection of articles previously published.
Higher education management and organization of Institut Teknologi Bandung; speeches, essays, etc.
Adat property rights with reference to forestry of indigenous communities in Indonesia; papers.
History, composition, and aesthetics of Tembang Sunda Cianjuran, Sundanese music to be sung.
On business and entrepreneurship in agrobusiness in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Political biography and thoughts of Sulastomo, an Indonesian Muslim activist.
On Shiah Islam in Indonesia; research report.
Conflict between local people and the Indonesian government on the hydroelectric power in Taman Nasional Lore Lindu, Sulawesi Tengah.
Criticism on Babad Demak, a Javanese classical literature.
Market economy in Indonesia; author's viewpoint.
History of Koes Plus, the most popular musical group in Indonesia in 1970s.
Vocational guidance text for students studying tourism at Rajabhat Institute Phetchaburi.
Academic rajabhat volume brought out in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Study on educational planning of Thailand; academic ratchaphat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Academic rajabhat text in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Academic rajabhat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
On Thai language usage; academic rajabhat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Thai language learning and teaching through language, words, and phrases from Thai songs; academic rajabhat text in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
On child development as part of education for human resources development through dance, drama, and local games of Thailand; academic rajabhat publication in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Study on correct Thai pronunciation; academic rajabhat text in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
With reference to cookery for special customary occasions; academic rajabhat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Academic rajabhat volume brought out in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Thai desserts; academic rajabhat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Textbook on rice for those majoring in agricultural technology.
Academic rajabhat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
On business taxation in Thailand; commemorative volume brought out to honor 72nd birth anniversary of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927.
Commentary on educational laws of Thailand; commemorative volume brought out to honor the 72nd birth anniversary of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927.
Folklore and Thai social customs; academic rajabhat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Cultural history of Buriram Province, Thailand; academic rajabhat publication in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Study on Khmer (Cambodian) literature; academic rajabhat volume in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Study on folk literature of Buriram Province, Thailand, includes texts; Academic rajabhat volume brought out in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Southern Thai folk songs and dramas; academic rajabhat text in honor of His Majesty King Bhumibol's 72nd birthday celebration.
Cremation volume of Yangdi Wachichan, one of the participants in the October uprising.
Mob of the forest people rioting over the managing of their own forest areas.
On Thai population in the reign of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927; volume commemorating his 72nd Birth anniversary, December 5, 1999.
Fundamental managemental data and administration of Ministry of Interior, Thailand.
Evaluating the quality of soil in Thailand.
On women, and socioeconomic development in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Collection of five laws with reference to taxation, income tax, value added tax, tax collection, and land title tax.
Collection of laws, regulations, ministerial, and gubernatorial decisions regarding with tourism in Bali, Indonesia.
The Sixth Five Year Development Plan of Kalimantan Barat Province.
Use of the Indonesian languange; collection of papers.
Opportunities of capital investment in Nusa Tenggara Timur Province.
On politics, government, and nationalism in Indonesia.
On development of Pertamina, the state-owned oil and gas enterprise of Indonesia; commemorating its 40th anniversary.
Impact of sexual violence against comfort women during the Japanese occupation in Yogyakarta, 1942-1945; research report.
Encyclopedia of Sundanese arts and culture (including Cirebon and Betawi arts and culture), West Java, Indonesia.
On the powers of the Peoples Consultative Assembly, the House of Representatives, and the president according to Indonesian constitional law.
Destruction of adat institutions of village communities in Indonesia during the Soeharto government.
On Irian Jaya's history, culture, economy, and human rights conditions; articles.
Collection of Indonesian ministerial and presidential decisions on alcoholic beverages.
Laws on human rights in Indonesia.
Ambonese literature and songs.
Role of Muslim students and national development in Indonesia; volume commemorating the 36th year of Pergerakan Mahasiswa Islam Indonesia.
Biographies of Indonesian women as writers, researchers, and  publishers.
Social, economic, cultural, and political conditions in Indonesia; collection of research reports of Indonesian women researcher.
Decisions of the People's Consultative Assembly of Aug. 2000 a.o. on retention of seats of the Indonesian Armed Forces in the People's Consultative Assembly until 2009; separation between the Armed Forces and the Police Force; decentralization of government; sources of law, hierarchy and types of laws & regulations; judicial review; includes the second amendment to the 1945 Constitution.
Report on function and activities of the House of Representative in 1999-2000.
Progress report of President Abdurrahman Wahid to Indonesian People's Consultative Assembly for the year 2000.
National strategy to overcome unemployment in Indonesia; papers.
National perspective of the development of geothermal energy in Indonesia.
Indonesian petroleum & gas industries and government policies.
On an Indonesian bill on oil and gas and Pertamina, the state enterprise.
Improving family welfare through food stalls in Yogyakarta; research.
Educational conditions and educational change in Indonesia.
Nuclear energy in Indonesia; advance research reports.
On ecosystem of coastal zones in Indonesia; collection of research papers.
Law enforcement and violations of human rights in Indonesia.
Women's role in Indonesian development.
Islam and politics conditions in Indonesia; papers of seminars.
Commentary on the first amendment of the 1945 Constitution of Indonesia.
History on the Declaration of Independence of Indonesia.
Biographical notes of Nurdin Halid, Indonesian young businessman and leader of cooperative societies.
Indonesian politics and government.
On the achievement of Ramli, Indonesian batik and fashion designer; autobiography.
Prophet Muhammad's teaching on Islamic religious life.
Economic development of rural areas in Nusa Tenggara region.
Islam and politics, democracy and religious freedom in Indonesia; Islamic viewpoint; papers of discussions.
Industrialization in Indonesia.
On the alleged affair between Abdurrahman Wahid and Aryanti boru Sitepu; collection of articles previously published.
On women's organization movement, consumer protection, women's right enforcement, and violence in Indonesia; papers of workshops.
Women's role on the awareness of consumer's rights in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Policy and circular letters of Indonesian Ministry of Industry and Trade.
Technology in Indonesia; collection of inaugural speeches of professors of Gadjah Mada University; volume commemorating the 50th anniversary of Gadjah Mada University.
Socio-historical development of Indonesia; collection of inaugural speeches of professors of Gadjah Mada University; volume commemorating the 50th anniversary of Gadjah Mada University.
Health in Indonesia; collection of inaugural speeches of professors of Faculty of Health, Gadjah Mada University; volume commemorating the 50th anniversary of Gadjah Mada University.
Economic development in Indonesia.
Strategy towards successful life of Hembing Wijayakusuma, acupuncturist, Indonesian expert in traditional medicine.
Materials for coordination at a meeting on economy, finance and industry condition.
Indonesian laws on political parties, election, and legislative bodies.
Impact of religious conflict and independence movement riots on education, in Maluku and Aceh Provinces.
Collection of laws and regulations on the protection of children's rights in Indonesia.
Biographical sketches of Herry Dim, Indonesian artist.
Directory of art associations in Jawa Timur Province, 1999.
Impact of political reform on political conditions in Indonesia; collected articles.
National development in Indonesia; collected articles.
Critiques on the Armed Forces in Indonesia.
Thought on the need for an amendment of the Indonesian 1945 Constitution.
Pancasila, the state philosophy of Indonesia; collected articles.
Collection of Indonesian laws and regulations with reference to education.
Indonesian laws on Trade Unions and Freedom to Demonstrate.
Alternative dispute resolution and arbitration in Indonesia.
The 1945 Indonesian Constitution, includes the 1st and 2nd amendments.
International law from an Indonesian perspective.
On Nicolaus Driyarkara's philosophical thought, Indonesian Catholic priest.
Democracy and constitution in Indonesia.
Criticism on thoughts of Yusril Ihza Mahendra, an Islamic reform thinker, based on fundamentalism and modernism in Masyumi organization in Indonesia.
History of IKAPI, the Indonesian Publishers Association, and its role on book industries and trade in Indonesia; volume commemorating its 50th anniversary.
Banking and business in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Indonesian youth and politics.
Islamic contemporary law; collection of articles previously published in Saksi magazine.
On kecapi, or kacapi, traditional Sundanese zither.
Socioeconomic and political issues in Indonesia; columns in Pelita daily.
Political intrigues during the presidential election at the general session of the Indonesian People's Consultative Assembly in October 1999.
Controlling the free and fair 1999 Indonesian general election; collection of articles.
Implementation of state autonomy in Indonesia.
Kutai-Indonesian dictionary.
Traditional herbs as alternative medicine in Indonesia.
Role of Islam in Indonesia's democratization process: transforming political culture and fostering a civil society; collection of articles.
Indonesian laws on local government.
People empowerment in Kutai, Kalimantan Timur Province.
Local government and development of Kutai, Kalimantan Timur Province.
State autonomy and democracy in Indonesia.
Species, identification, and plantation of orchids from East Kalimantan, Indonesia.
Evaluation of the regional development program of Kalimantan Timur Province.
Collection of regulations, ministerial decree, and court's decisions on child adoption in Indonesia.
Mathematics, ecology, biology, etc.; collection of inaugural speeches of professors of Faculty of Mathematics, and Physics, Gadjah Mada University; volume commemorating the 50th anniversary of Gadjah Mada University.
Arts, women artists, and women as artists's wives; volume commemorating the 18th anniversary of Ikaisyo, an association of women artists and artists's wives in Yogyakarta.
History of the women descendants of the Prophet and Arab minority in Indonesia.
History of Tentara Nasional Indonesia and its role in Indonesian politics and government; collected articles.
On the economic and sociopolitical reform during the Habibie government; collection of articles.
Decision of the People's Consultative Assembly of Aug. 7-18, 2000 on constitutional aspects and national policy.
Islam and politics in Indonesia; collection of articles previously published.
Law enforcement in promoting good governance in Indonesia; papers.
Types of decorations & ornaments, sculptures, and masks from various ethnic cultures in Indonesia.
Historical notes on ancient mosques in Indonesia.
History and purpose of traditional jewelry of Indonesia; by province.
Community forestry reform towards democratic process in Indonesia.
Community-based forest management in Indonesia; result of a meeting.
Social activities of AMNU, the younger generation of N.U., Islamic Organization in Indonesia.
Issues on Nahdlatul Ulama, an Islamic organization.
Regional autonomy in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Contextual theology in Christian life of Indonesian community; collected of articles.
Biographical sketches and concept of Muslim leaders on Islamic education.
Status of Islamic courts and law in Indonesian legal system according to Soeharto government policy.
Issues on reform of politics, nationalism, economy, etc. in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Impact of petroleum products and electric utilities tariff on production cost in Indonesia.
Autobiograhy of T.S. Jaafar M., government official of Riau Province.
Regional autonomy and democracy in Indonesia.
Democratization process in Indonesia.
Political ethics according to Raja Ali Haji, the late king of Riau.
Bank note forgery and Indonesian politics; collection of articles previously published in Indonesian dailies and magazines.
Islam and political development of new nation towards democracy in Indonesia; collection of articles previously published in Kompas daily.
On Islamic economics, banking, and financial institutions in Indonesia.
Exhibition of various researches that develops Thai economy.
Membership directory of association of Thai investment companies.
Report on environmental conditions and policy of Thailand.
Cremation volume for Thuanthong Suwannathat, 1923-1994, a Thai army general; comprises his biography, condolences, and history of Thai armed forces.
Cremation volume of Somphit Wianrawi; includes writings by the Supreme Patriarch of Thailand.
Cremation volume for Hiran Siriwat, 1919-1995, a Thai Army lieutenant general; comprises his biography and condolences; includes a work on Tai, Southeast Asian people and life style of Zhuang, Chinese people in Southeast Asia.
Cremation volume of Chum Sunthorathai with law and policy relating to overseas Chinese in the reign of King Rama V.
Study of the former Prime Minister, Banhan's, decision making method.
Medicinal plants and their activities.
Insects as a possible food for humans.
General views on gems collectors and collecting in Thailand.
The language and culture of Lao Song.
Collective biography of eminent Thai painters and sculptors of Thailand; includes reproduction of their works.
Exhibition comprises art work of 160 students of Professor Silpa Bhirasri.
Commemorative wall for the people who sacrificed their lives during the October uprising in 1976.
Condolences, biographical accounts, etc. on Triwut Pharaphat, 1941-1999, a Thai farmer promotor of new tecniques and one of the founder mambers of agricultural cooperatives in his home village.
On archaeological findings at Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Thai Department of Local Administration's instructions and notifications on election of members of provincial councils.
Report on border trade between Thailand and Laos through Mukdahan province, Northeastern Thailand.
Contributed articles on mass media and religion in Thailand.
On media and modern Thailand; with reference to political aspects of the country.
History and development of railroads in Thailand.
Autobiography of a contemporary Thai author.
Political career and activities of Sanan Khachonprasat, a Thai politician, former minister of Ministry of Interior, Thailand.
History of Laos, 1779-1975.
On the humanitarian pause to reduce conflict tension and violence in Aceh, Indonesia.
On performing arts in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Reform policies in forest management of the Indonesian Forest State Corporation.
Contributed articles on political science; with reference to Thailand; volume brought out at the 50th anniversary of Faculty of Political Science, Thammasat University.
Based on history of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya, Thailand.
On stone talismans in tantric Buddhism in Thailand.
Quality of Thai herbs.
On a Thai motion picture Suriyothai based on chronicles of Ayutthaya, Thailand related to Sisuriyothai, Queen, consort of Chakkraphat, King of Ayutthaya.
The entertainment business of RS Promotions during the economic crisis.
Study on fighting bulls and socio-economic aspects of bullfighting in Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand.
Articles describing places in Thailand traveled by 10 Thai authors.
Buddhist prayers in Laos.
On the antiquities at Prathat Luang Temple in Vientiane.
Constitution, by-laws, boards of director, and working programs of Serikat Tani Islam Indonesia, Islamic Farmers Association.
On coral reefs conservation in Osi island, Maluku Province.
Education in Christian schools in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Plea of Sudisman in his own defense as a general secretary of the Indonesian Communist Party to the Special Military Tribunal, Jakarta, July 21, 1967; and his critic on the Indonesian Communist Party.
On Islamization of knowledge concept, reconstruction of thought related to science; collection of articles.
Indonesian students against the Suharto government during 1977-1978.
Economics infrastructure and description of Pattani Province, Thailand.
Commentary on Islamic family law for Thai Muslims.
Compliment of articles and events of Ratchaphat Ratchata Phuket, a university of southern Thailand.
Cremation volume for Phra Thammamoli (Ket Thitsaro), a highly revered senior monk.
On the Asahan Project, a hydroelectric and alumunium development of large-scale industry in Kabupaten Asahan, North Sumatra Province.
Autobiography of Fadel Muhammad, Indonesian businessman.
Transliteration and translation of old manuscript number 240, a Lampung classic literature.
Transliteration and translation of old manuscript number 1020, a Lampung classic literature on mantras and magic drawings.
History of the independence struggle against the Dutch in West Java.
On coral reefs conservation in Gili Indah, Lombok Barat Regency, Nusa Tenggara Barat Province.
On coral reefs conservation in Sekotong Barat Village, Kabupaten Lombok Barat, Propinsi Nusa Tenggara Barat.
On coral reefs conservation in Sulamu Village, Kabupaten Kupang, Propinsi Nusa Tenggara Timur.
Resource-based communities for coral reef conservation in Sumatera Barat Province.
On coral reefs conservation in Buhias Village, Sangihe Talaud, Sulawesi Utara Province.
On coral reefs conservation in Mattiro Ujung Village, Kabupaten Pangkep, South Sulawesi Province.
On coral reefs conservation in Lemobajo Village, Kabupaten Kendari, Propinsi Sulawesi Tenggara.
On administration and activities of the centre.
Gazetteer of Phuket Province, Thailand.
Articles, etc. on human resource development activities in Thailand.
Compilation of folk songs of Phuket Province, Thailand.
Handbook on Phuket Province, Thailand.
Annals of Thalang, city in southern Thailand,
History of Thalang District, Phuket Province, Thailand; volume brought out in celebration of new district administrative office.
Based on history of Thalang, Thailand.
History of Grand Hotel Preanger, Bandung and other hotel business in Indonesia; volume commemorating its 100th anniversary.
Profiles of management educational institution for master degree in Indonesia.
Indonesian women in religion and society; collection of articles.
On coral reefs conservation in Pandan Village, Kabupaten Tapanuli Tengah, Propinsi Sumatera Utara.
The Politics and policies of the Lao People's Party.
Graphic presentation of 1973 Student Uprising, demanding democracy, Coup d'etat, 1976 and May 1992 Uprising, 1973.
Collection of letters in Sundanese songs.
Success in doing business in Indonesia and abroad; collection of articles, previously published in Kompas daily.
Success in doing business in Indonesia; collection of articles, previously published in Kompas daily.
Java language lessons.
Javanese stories for beginners.
Javanese proverbs.
Balinese fable stories.
On Indonesian law; festschrift in honor of Satjipto Rahardjo, an Indonesian law expert.
Pergerakan Mahasiswa Islam Indonesia (Moslem Student Movement of Indonesia)
On the architect's behavior relating to the socio-political conditions in Indonesia.
Politics in Indonesia; collection of articles previously published in Indonesian dailies and periodicals.
Thoughts of Soekarno on Islam, nationalism, and marxism.
Legal aspects of consumer protection in Indonesian pharmaceutical business; proceedings.
On the alleged affair between Abdurrahman Wahid and Aryanti boru Sitepu.
On liturgy, Christianity, and social role of church in Indonesia; volume commemorating the 60th birthday of Immanuel Victor Tynating Simatupang, priest of Batak Protestant Christian Church (HKBP) Tanjung Priok, Jakarta.
Sex and symbolism.
Human rights abuse and violence in Aceh during 1999.
Directory of the Directorate General of Air Communications, 2000.
History and criticism on puisi mbeling, the non-conventional Indonesian poetry.
Columns on the Indonesian language, published in Kompas and Republika dailies and some magazines between 1995-2000.
On Christianity and church in Indonesia; collection of articles.
On humanism, theology, and Javanese philosophy; festschrift in honor of Harun Hadiwijono, former priest of the Javanese Church of Central-Java and lecturer of the Faculty of Theology, Duta Wacana University, Yogyakarta.
On human rights issues in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Draft for a bill on Indonesian Supreme Court.
Track records of the candidates for chief justice of the Indonesian Supreme Court.
Biography of Johanes Abraham Dimara, Indonesian freedom fighter from Irian Jaya Province.
Advice for Abdurrahman Wahid's political stance and behavior from Islamic perspective.
Sexual behavior related to HIV/AIDS in provinces of Bali, Nusa Tenggara Timur, and Sulawesi Selatan; research reports.
Islam and rural community in Indonesia.
History of Yogyakarta from tourism perspective.
Social security of the working class in Indonesia.
Empowerment of small scale business enterprises in Indonesia through the effectiveness of Grameen Bank, a model of rural bank operations; collection of articles.
Unemployed problem solving through vocational education and training on business of earth worms culture in Lembang, Indonesia; collection of articles.
Adat law of Dayak people in Kalimantan, Indonesia.
Indonesian laws and regulations on inheritance.
Impact of economic crisis on small scale business enterprises in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Indonesian laws and regulations on environmental management.
Digest of Indonesian Supreme Court decisions on inheritance and succession law, published in Varia peradilan journal.
Collection of circular letters of Directorate General of Taxes on tax auditing.
Government regulation to implement Indonesian law no. 43 of 1999 on government employees.
Indonesian law and regulations on government employees.
Political activities of the Indonesian student movement and the future of political, economic, and social reform in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Management of natural resources and environment in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Commentary on Indonesian law on bankcruptcy.
Action plan for the elimination of violence against women, Indonesia.
On economic potential of Makassar; collection of articles.
Indonesian politics, economy, law, literature and science; collection of seminar papers.
Categorization of Indonesian mass media according to Islam.
Chinese ethnic group dominance in Indonesian economic system; criminal trial of Rachmat Basoeki Soeropranoto, accused of the 1984 BCA bombing, at Jakarta Barat Court of first instance.
Commodities classification of Indonesia, 1998.
Law and politics in post-Soeharto government.
Indonesian intellectual property rights on industrial design.
Biography of Ben Suharto, a Javanese dancer.
Cultural attitudes of youth towards Javanese ethics in Semarang, Central Java Province.
Digest of Indonesian Supreme Court decisions on debtor and creditor, published in Varia peradilan journal.
The press and political economy in the 1998 May riots in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Adat law in Kalimantan Barat Province.
Proceedings of a seminar on history of Phuket Province, Thailand earlier known as Thalang; a focuss on biographies of Thepkrasattri (Chan), Thao, ca. 1737-ca. 1792 and Sisunthon, (Muk), Thao, ca. 1740-ca. 1795, wives of governors of Thalang who led the army in their defence against enemy invasion.
Report on local fishermen problems in Songkhla Province, Southern Thailand.
Technical study on environmental aspects and effects of petroleum chemicals and oil industries in Songkhla Province, Thailand.
On children's rights in Thai Islamic perspectives.
Ratchaburi Province, history and general information.
An introduction to infrastructure of Ratchaburi Province, and its social life and customs.
Community self help economic development plans for Ratchaburi Province under 1999-2001 provincial development plan.
On controversies of Wat Phrathammakai, Buddhist temple's doctrines and monastic orders.
History, development, and forms of shadow puppets and shows in Thailand.
Statistical report on economic conditions of Northeastern Thailand and history of Bank of Thailand, Northeastern Region Office.
Analytical report on factors affecting the environmental conditions of Thailand and related ministerial regulations.
On laws related to refuse disposal and pollution in Thailand.
Geographical information systems, maps, and figures of Amnat Charoen Province, Thailand.
Basic geographical information of Mae Hong Son Province in northern Thailand.
Seminars papers on environmental protection and policy of Thailand.
Geographical information system analysis for Tak Province, Thailand.
Environmental protection policy of Thailand, 1997-2016.
A manual for analysing the factors affecting the environment in Thailand.
The Buddhist dharma practice by way of "Thammakai" towards nirvana.
Study on probabilities and policies for establishing industrial districts in Ranong Province, Thailand.
Islamic principles and values against secularism, an issue in Indonesia's current political reform.
Political stance of Mohammad Natsir toward the Indonesian Darul Islam rebellion in South Sulawesi and Aceh Provinces.
Legal aspects of "yayasan", Indonesian charitable foundations.
History of old towns in West Java; collection of articles.
Legislative history of the bill on Aceh's specialness.
Militarism and democracy in Indonesia.
Supreme Court's decisions in cases involving Islamic family law for Indonesian Muslims.
Meanings of Javanese domestic settings.
Indonesian political cartoons, post the Soeharto government; previously published in Kompas daily.
Autobiographical sketches of Sobron Aidit, Indonesian political excile in Europe.
On Indonesian freedom movements.
Socio-culture of Batak ethnic group of North Sumatra, Indonesia.
Independency of Bank Indonesia, the central bank of Indonesia.
On Javanese mysticism.
Effects of globalization on economic, social and legal development in Indonesia; papers of a symposium.
Decision making based on Indonesian Constitution.
Religious, political, and sociocultural activities of Muhammadiyah, modern Islamic organization in Indonesia; papers of a seminar.
Different interpretations on tahlil, act of reciting religious verses repeatedly as praises to God, as a source of conflict between Muhammadiyah and N.U. partisipant in Indonesia.
On Islam and civil society in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Social, cultural, and gender issues in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Religion and democracy in Indonesia.
Indonesian laws on legal status of children.
Archaeological remains in Gorontalo district, North Sulawesi.
Review of Indonesian laws promulgated from 1998 through 1999 during the Habibie government.
On archaeological heritage in Kawangkoan site, North Sulawesi Province; research report.
On employment possibility for handicapped person in Jakarta, Bogor, and Bekasi.
Cambodia's membership in ASEAN, and economic and political conditions in Cambodia; research.
Economic regionalism in the Asia Pacific region, Southeast Asia, and Indonesia; research papers.
Islam and politics in Indonesia; research.
Military and political violence during the New Order government in Indonesia.
Political violence during the 1999 general election in Indonesia; research.
Indonesian American bilateral relationship during the Clinton government; research.
Foreign aid for regional development in Indonesia; research.
Regional imbalance of economic conditions in Indonesia.
Laws and legislations on labor and natural resources of Laos.
Buddhist poetry on the theme related to social aspects.
Development plan of Kabupaten Kepulauan Riau.
Marriage customs and rites among the Malays in Riau Province.
Abstracts of Minister of Transmigration and Forest Squatter Resettlement's decrees on internal migration in Indonesia between 1997 to 1998.
Autonomy for the provinces and the possibility of more land disputes in Indonesia; collection of articles.
History of PAS "O", former corps under Indonesian Navy, and their role in Indonesian struggle for independence, 1945-1950.
Academic texts of legislation on the merger, consolidation and acquisitions in the banking sector.
Human rights abuse in Indonesia, 2000; report.
Conflict between Muslims and Christians in Maluku Province.
Author's account on his diplomacy with the Dutch to return Irian Jaya to Indonesia.
The Indonesian mortage law; commentary.
Indonesian revised tax laws.
Javanese traditional rites and ceremonies on heritage of Surakarta Sultanate.
Organizational units within Islamic association of the Universitas Islam Indonesia.
History of Indonesian Independence Proclamation, August 17, 1945.
Islamic influences on Javanese culture; collection of articles.
Gender issues in Indonesia; papers of meetings.
History of diplomacy and foreign policies of Asian countries.
Women civic leaders according to ulama perspective; case study in Desa Sekawayan, Kecamatan Malangbong, Kabupaten Garut, Jawa Barat Province.
Trusts and trustees in English and Indonesian laws; comparative study.
Digest of Indonesian Supreme Court decisions in banckcruptcy cases appealed from the Commercial Court.
On computer crimes in Indonesia, an introduction.
Judicial power in Indonesia.
History of Pasukan T Ronggolawe, students army from Semarang during the Indonesian revolution in 1945-1949.
The Muslims in Indonesia.
Dictionary of diseases and medicinal plants in Indonesia.
On the voyages of Zheng He, a Muslim Chinese, to Indonesia and Southeast Asia in the 15th century.
Indonesian law on local government.
Management of pollution in Indonesian tropical coastal zones.
Preparation for decentralization and local government autonomy in Sanggau, Kalimantan Barat, Indonesia.
Preparation for decentralization and local government autonomy in Banjarmasin, Kalimantan Selatan, Indonesia.
Directory of research institutes in Indonesia.
Indonesian laws, presidential decrees, ministerial decrees, and local regulations on water pollution in the oil and gas exploration and exploitation activities.
On bureaucracy and democratization in Indonesia and Thailand; research.
Concept of developing the potentially of rural areas in Sumatera Utara Province towards autonomy.
Meaning of Ramadan according to Nurcholish Majid, an Indonesian Muslim scholar.
Tourist industry and its impact on job opportunities in Indonesia.
Role of Masyumi leaders in P.R.R.I. rebellion in Sumatera.
Environmental management and geographical issues in Indonesia; papers of a meeting.
Plight of Indonesian children; collection of essays.
On Indonesia's politics to gain Irian Barat, from the Dutch; collection of speeches by Soekarno, the 1st President of Indonesia.
On the present and future of Pesantren Pertanian Darul Falah, an Islamic religious education center in Indonesia.
On forestry and estate crops in Indonesia; decisions of various Directorates of the Ministry of Forestry and Estate Crops.
On East Timor and its implication for the prospect of relations among Indonesia, Portuguese and the European Union; research.
Collection of Indonesian laws.
On administration of justice in Indonesia; results of the 1995 meeting of the Indonesian Supreme Court.
Abstract of circular letters of the Indonesian Supreme Court.
Rattan cultivation and industry in Indonesia.
Voluntarism and community development in Indonesia.
History of Aceh Province from the 16th century to present, and its independence movement.
Sexual harassment against women employees in a manufacturing industry in Kabupaten Sleman, Indonesia; research report.
Sexual behavior of Balinese juveniles in Kelurahan Pemecutan and Desa Peguyangan; research report.
History of monuments and statues in Jakarta.
Analysis on detailed regional budget of Indonesian provinces for 1999/2000.
Indonesian government regulations on local finance.
On politics, socio-economic conditions in Indonesia.
Political conditions in Aceh Province, and its independence movement.
Indonesia towards the modern capital market era; includes some articles previously published in newspapers.
Biography of H.M. Hembing Wijayakusuma, b. 1940, acupuncturist and herbalist.
Issues politics and socio-economic reform in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Political changes in Indonesia from 1999 to 2004.
Political reformation, religious resurgence, and consumerism in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Poverty alleviation through community self-helping institutions in Indonesia.
Aspects on Intellectual Property, Copyright, and Patents Law in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Economic and political conditions in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Prominent Indonesian lawyers in the third millennium.
Book publishing in Indonesia; volume commemorating the 50th anniversary of IKAPI.
Contribution of Siauw Giok Tjhan to Indonesia, Chinese Indonesian, leader of Baperki, Badan Permusyawaratan Kewarganegaraan Indonesia, a Chinese political organization to promote understanding of Indonesian citizenship and oppose discrimination, founded in 1954, dissolved during the Soeharto government.
Law on Bank Indonesia, Indonesia's central bank; includes some government's regulations.
Issues on democracy and civil-military relation in Indonesia; papers of a meeting.
Political thoughts of former President Soeharto; analysis of the president's annual speeches addressed to parliament.
Analysis of Indonesian and international press coverage on the East Timor referendum.
Political issues during the special session of the Indonesian People's Consultative Assembly held in Nov. 1998.
Biographies of fifty Indonesian enterpreneurs; collection of articles previously published.
National development plan of Republic of Indonesia, 2001-2005.
Freedom of information, a commentary on the Indonesian Press Law of 1999.
Effects of social change and modern civilization of the 3rd millenium on religions in Indonesia; collection of articles.
History of the Muhammadiyah movement, an Indonesian Islamic organization, founded 1912.
Political behavior of Muhammadiyah, modern Islamic organization in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Demographic conditions in Indonesia.
Political movement for empowering local government autonomy, rural community, village government, etc. in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Cultural values in Buginese folktales from Pinrang, biographies of two Indonesian nationalist from Mandalle Pangkep and Pinrang, and inheritance and succession according to Buginese adat law in Kabupaten Bone.
Biography of Raden Tjetje Somantri, 1892-1963, an Indonesian choreographer of Sundanese dances from West Java.
History of land mapping in Jakarta Province and its function in the city planning.
Social welfare of the poor and handicapped in Indonesia based on the 1998 socio-economics survey.
Social welfare of the poor and handicapped in Indonesia based on socioeconomic survey, 1998.
Social services for the aged in Indonesia; a study.
Festschrift in honor of Lukman Harun, 1934-1999, Islamic scholar and Indonesian politician.
Cultural and natural resources in Kabupaten Bima, Nusa Tenggara Barat Province.
Decorated traditional house, socio-culture of the Batak people.
Includes bibliographical references (p. 127-128).
Student movement in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Traditional ceremony procession of Madurese people.
Analysis on domination of Armed Forces, Islamic movements, political reform, etc. within Indonesian politics and government.
Collection of articles on thoughts of Abdurrahman Wahid, Indonesia's fourth president.
Attitudes of Islam against Communism in Indonesia.
Jakarta local government regulations on museums, cultural property, and historic preservation; includes some central govt. law and regulations.
Condition of street children in Indonesia.
Violence against street children in Indonesia.
Girls as street children in Indonesia; research.
History of contemporary theater in Yogyakarta between 1950 to 1990.
Who's who of Indonesian executives.
On dwi-fungsi, political and social activities of Tentara Nasional Indonesia, the Indonesian Armed Forces.
Analysis of Indonesian economy; articles previously published in Kompas daily.
Study on military operations other than war and their peacekeeping operations.
Collection of newspaper columns on politics in Thailand, 1999-2000.
Articles on effect of environment mankind and global environmental change.
On the history of elephant-owning communities in Southern Thailand.
Study on audiences attitudes towards intercultural communication through broadcastings signals spilling cross borders between Thailand and Laos.
Biography of Chuan Likphai, b. 1938, 20th and 23rd prime minister of Thailand; chiefly his personal life.
Biography of Chuan Likphai, b. 1938, the 20th and 23rd prime minister of Thailand.
Biography of Chuan Likphai, b. 1938, 20th and 23rd prime minister of Thailand.
Domestic violence against Minangkabau women in two districts in Padang; research report.
Socio-economic, religious, and political conditions that trigger riots in Indonesia; a study.
On Muhammadiyah, an Indonesian Islamic organization, and the challenges to readept itself to current socio-political transition in Indonesia.
Human rights, good governance, and civil society in Indonesia; proceedings of a workshop.
Legal aid in Indonesia.
Language map of Sulawesi Tenggara Province.
Language map of Sulawesi Utara Province.
Concept of civil society in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Cencorship policies of television broadcasting in Indonesia during the Soeharto government.
The role of private universities in the development of Indonesia.
Life of Javanese aristocracy in Surakarta from 1830 to 1939.
On the emergence of various Islamic political parties in Indonesia.
Social changes in new Indonesian era.
Language map of Nusa Tenggara Timur Province.
Language map of Sulawesi Selatan Province.
Language map of Sulawesi Tengah Province.
Swadesh vocabulary in Kabupaten Alor, Indonesia.
Swadesh vocabulary in Kabupaten Flores Timur, Indonesia.
Swadesh's list of words which occured frequentlyin the dialects spoken in Kabupaten Ende, Indonesia.
Swadesh's list of words which occured frequently in the dialects spoken in Kabupaten Kupang, Indonesia.
On the 1999 Telecommunication Law and telecommunication conditions in Indonesia.
Discussion on Indonesian laws and regulations on broadcasting; papers.
Discussion on Indonesian laws on broadcasting, local government & finance; papers.
On the need for law reform regarding legal assistance for women as victims of domestic crimes in Indonesia.
Libel or freedom of the press; conflict between Jawa pos and BANSER, the paramilitary youth wing of the Muslim organization Nahdlatul Ulama, Surabaya, May 6, 2000.
Abortion among the victims of rape based on criminal law in Indonesia.
Directory of Javanese wayang puppeteers in Jawa Timur Province.
Encyclopedia of traditional music and dance in Jawa Timur Province, Indonesia.
The role of higher educational institutions to provide human resources with critical thinking and good moral attitudes in Indonesia; volume commemorating the 35th anniversary of Universitas Atma Jaya Yogyakarta.
Political history of Thailand with reference to political activities of armed forces.
Study on culture of Southern Thailand with reference to social and religious aspects of daggers (or Kris) found in the region.
Reproduction of paintings of Thailand.
Autobiography of Dr. Phanom Phongphaibun, permanent-secretary of the Ministry of Education.
The evolution and history of Thai alphabets and language.
Articles, essays, and speeches chiefly on topics related to rural development and role of non-government organizations in Thailand.
Speeches of Bhumibol Adulyadej, King of Thailand, b. 1927, and activities concerning Thai Muslim people.
A Northern Thai language reader.
Court rulings and digests on narcotic laws cases in Thailand.
Stock exchange, capital market, etc. in Indonesia; commemoration volume of the tenth anniversary of the Indonesia Public Listed Companies Association.
Cultural values in Mandar folktales from Majene, history of Indonesian freedom-fighter troops in Sulawesi Selatan Province, and biographies of two Indonesian nationalists from Gowa and Tana Toraja.
Collection of narcotic laws and related ministerial regulations of Thailand.
Abstracts and bibliography of works, articles, papers, etc. on various aspects of Kanchanaburi and Suphan Buri Provinces, Thailand.
Commemorative volume brought out at 20th anniversary of Kamphaeng Phet Teachers' College; comprises history of the college and teachers training in Thailand.
Classical Javanese literature.
Literary criticism of modern Balinese literature.
Social life, customs, and history of Betawi ethnic people, Jakarta, Indonesia.
On amendment of the 1945 Indonesian Constitution; papers of a seminar.
Political condition after the 1999 election in Indonesia.
Political violence during the 1999 general election in Indonesia; collection of articles.
Marriage customs and ceremonies in Mataram.
Adat and inheritance law in Bali.
Massacre of Jamaah Warsidi members, a Muslim group suspected of Islamic militant activities in Lampung Province, during the Soeharto government, February 1989.
Based on history of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, former capital of Thailand.
Articles on government policies towards poor people in Thailand; previously published in various Thai periodicals.
On democracy and good governance in Thailand.
Studies on ancient Southeast Asian and South Asian languages.
A comparison of Southeast Asian alphabets.
Study of inscriptions of Khmer stone sanctuaries in Thailand.
Study on Thai manuscripts written on fabrics.
Report on property declaration case and of Sanan Khachonprasat former secretary of Democrat Party of Thailand.
Study on economic policy and conditions of upper northern region of Thailand.
Money politics during the 1999 general election in Indonesia.
Festschrift in honor of Emil Salim, b. 1930, former State Minister of Population and Environment of Indonesia from 1988 to 1993.
Democracy and anti-violence movement in Indonesia.
Commemorative volume brought out at King Bhumibol Adulyadej's 72nd birthday anniversary, December 5, 1999.
Genealogy of Muslims in Thailand.
Study report on effect of 1997 economic crisis on rural Thailand.
Study on three decades of women in economic development of Thailand.
Study report on NGOs, international agencies and their role in community development in Thailand.
On evolution of civil society in Thailand.
Refered to report on Thailand.
Biography of Thai silk trader, James Harrison Wilson Thomson an American lived in Thailand.
On Rajabhat institutes of higher education in Thailand.
History of Thailand as in memory of granddaughter of Mongkun, King of Siam.
History of front palaces or uparaja's (heir apparent) palaces in Chakri dynasty, Rattanakosin period, Thailand.
On Thai lithography and lithographic work.
Study on contemporary arts.
Thai language idioms and usage dictionary.
Translation of French chronicles on astronomy related to Siam during the raign of Narai, King of Siam, 1632-1688.
Thai fable retold in narrative poetry form.
On socioeconomic status of children and child labor problems in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.
Report of a conference on women and development in Thailand, 10-12 December 1996.
Legend on Chiang Saen, Northern Thailand.
Study on child prostitution and sex industry in Thailand.
Study on cause of children getting into sex-oriented business in Chiang Mai Province, Northern Thailand.
Seminar papers on natural resources management and citizen help.
History of the khonmang or indigenous people of erstwhile Lanna Kingdom at present Northern Thailand.
Exhibition catalog to commemorate 72nd year of Prayun Uluchata, the expert on Thai culture and architecture.
On issues concerning women and rights of women in society from the past to present.
Study on economic and social problems and conditions of local fishers of Southern Thailand, western coastal area.
Official information Act, 1997 of Thailand; issued with commentary and ministerial regulations.
Papers and outcome of a seminar on upliftment of social status of Thai women in the 21st century.
On civil service reform in Thailand.
Family history and lineage of Kanlayanamit.
Cultural identity of the Mon and the assimilation of the Mon in Thai society.
Agreement between government agencies having functions related to sex oriented business control; includes related laws and regulations.
Study on child labour in Bangkok metropolis and in the vicinity of Bangkok.
Study on capital investment opportunities in agricultural industry of Thailand.
An attempt to explain and analyze labour force circumstances in Thailand. Labour relation theory and international labour are also included.
Study on reformation of labor court in Thailand; includes law to form labor court.
Study on art, lacquer work, and architectural decorations of Northern Thailand.
Discription of Thai pottery and figures in the work.
Interview of a Thai artist and writer, Chakkraphan Potsayakrit; chiefly on his life and art work.
Study on Khmer borrowed words used in Thai language.
Study on Thai language usage.
Study on civilization and ethnography of Thailand.
Biographical accounts and honorable accomplishments of 53 Thai kings.
Report of autopsy as part of medical jurisprudence in death causes chiefly in criminal cases, Thailand.
On male-female relations, sexual attraction, and intimacy.
History and development of The Nation, daily English newspaper of Thailand brought out by Nation Publishing Group Company; published to mark 30th anniversary of presently known nation multi-media group.
Includes bibliographical list of research works.
History of Thailand to 1782; with reference to the rulers of that period.
Criticism on human rights and freedom in Thailand.
Comparative study and commentary on products liability law; includes texts of laws in appendix.
Commentary on laws related to medical practices in Thailand; includes text of laws, etc. in appendix.
Commentary on government corporations financial law of Thailand; includes text of law in appendix.
Commentary on Advertising law and related laws of Thailand.
Mural paintings at Wat Buak Khrok Luang, Chiang Mai, Thailand.
With reference to agricultural economics and government policies.
Study on ethnology and anthropology.
The analyses and discussion on the important role of community and social theory of community toward community development in Thailand.
Biography and paintings of a Thai national artist, Pratuang Emjaroen, b. 1935.
On how Por Intharapalit's series of comic short stories reflects a changing Thai society.
Anthology of poems offered in honor of His Holiness the 17th Karama-pa, O-rgyan-phrin-las-rdo-rje, b. 1985, celebrating his escape to India by Tibetan poets from exile.
Collection of articles predominantly on Tibetan literature, a study; includes some historical topics on Tibet.
Study on Tibetan poetry according to Bonpo interpretation.
Study on Sino-Tibetan relations up to the end of Manchu dynasty in 1912.
Subversive writing against the polemical text "Bod kyi lo rgyus yig tshags gces btus" (Collection of historial archives of Tibet) published from China.
Biography of Tibetan language teacher Bar-zi-ba Phun-tshogs-dban-rgyal.
Collective biographies of Tibetan civil servants from Pha-lha family and their contributions during free Tibet and in exile Tibetan government.
Autobiography of a Tibetan political prisoner.
True picture of Sino-Tibet relations during Manchu dynasty, the subversive writting against the polemical book "Lo rgyus las grub pai gon bu gcig gyur" published from China.
Comprehensive collection of speeches and addresses of the Dalai Lama XIV on education delivered to various Tibetan schools and institutions during 1959 to 1999.
Subject cataloging and headings manual for Tibetan literature.
Polemical writing on contemporary political issues in exiled Tibetan community.
Predominantly poems; includes some essays on diverse topics.
History and cultural civilization of Re-dkar-sog-gsum in eastern Tibet.
Description and proportional method of Tibetan paintings.
Critical study on Panjabi poetry from Great Britain.
Biography of Maharajah Duleep Singh, 1838-1893, former ruler of Punjab, India; also includes brief biography of Hira Singha, 1837-1926, personal servant of Maharajah.
On the philosophy of death in Sikhism.
Contributed articles presented at a symposium.
With special reference to Rajasthan, India.
Selected works of a Mongolian poet.
Comparative study of Dagur and Mongolian languages.
Mongolian-Chinese-Mongolian dictionary of geography.
Chinese-Mongolian dictionary.
Memoirs of Dashiin Adilbish, ambassador of Mongolia.
Description, democracy, history of 20th century Mongolia.
Selected short stories of a Mongolian author.
Selected poems of a Mongolian author.
On Sufism and its influence on Urdu poetry.
Life and works of Mir Taqi Mir, d. 1810, Urdu poet; collection of papers presented at Alami Mir Siminar, Toronto, Ont., 1999, organized by the Ghalib Akaidmi, Canada.
On the lives of Mogul princesses.
Contributed articles on Urdu literature.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938, Urdu poet; published in Ajkal, Urdu monthly.
Collection of autobiographies of 20th century Urdu writers published in Ajkal, Urdu monthly.
Contributed articles on 20th century Urdu literature published in Ajkal, Urdu monthly.
Collection of travel accounts of Urdu writers published in Ajkal, Urdu monthly.
On Urdu journalism; contributed articles published in Ajkal, Urdu monthly.
Anthology of Urdu plays published in Ajkal, Urdu monthly.
On Urdu short story.
Critically edited.
Hinduism in Urdu literature, a study.
Biography of Padma Sambhava, ca. 717-ca. 762, a master of Tibetan Buddhism.
Dictionary of administrative terms.
Anonymous 17th century work about flowers; includes text in original and modern script.
Guidebook.
In the Indian context.
Contributed articles on the works of Chitasvami, 1515-1585, Braj saint poet; includes a selection of his works.
Saivism as depicted in Mahabharata, Hindu religious text; a study.
Contributed articles on Maila ancala, novel by Phanisvaranatha Renu, Hindi author.
History of graphic arts in India, from ancient to modern times.
On the works of Sankara Sesha, 1933-1981, Hindi playwright.
On the history and activities of Aksharadhama Sentara phora Eplaida Risarca ina Sosiyala Haramani, a pilgrimage center of Swami-Narayanis, Hindu reform sect.
Complete works of a women Hindi author.
Report of exchanges of ideas and thoughts generated through deliberations in a series of seminars organized in five different towns of Assam between Nov. 1998 and March 1999.
Critical evaluation of Kuncannampyar, 18th cent. popular Malayalam poet.
In the Indian context.
Indian experience.
Translation of a Sangam anthology on love themes.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Contributed seminar papers.
Chiefly statistical tables.
With reference to the Indian scene; chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Refers to the Indian scene; chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Contributed research papers.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
With reference to India; chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
With reference to Indian women.
With reference to India.
Reminiscences of wife of Mangesh Keshav Padgaonkar, b. 1929, Marathi author.
Study on Devadasis, female dancers and singers, traditionally attached to temples in Maharashtra and some places in South India; their liberation movement and rehabilitation.
Hindi verse translation of Sanskrit philosophical classic.
Hindu philosophical classic; Sanskrit text with Hindi verse translation.
On Candrasekhara Azada, 1906-1931, Indian freedom fighter.
Dictionary of Sanskrit synomyms.
Dictionary of Sanskrit synonyms.
Study with commentaries of Annambhatta's Tarkasangraha compendium of the basic concepts and terminology of the Nyaya and Vaisesika philosophy.
Anthology of gnomic verses, selections from Sanskrit literature; includes English and Hindi translation.
Collection of articles and poems on freedom fighters and their contributions to India.
Religious significance of Jullundur as a Hindu pilgrimage center.
Biographical sketches of soldiers from Rajasthan killed in Kargil War and various other military operations.
History of Dungarpur, erstwhile princely state of India.
Festschrift to mark 100th birth anniversary of Cainasukhadasa, b. 1900, a scholar and teacher of Jaina philosophy; comprises contributed articles on his life and works.
Study of Rshabhacarita, Hindi epic poem by Muni Jnanasagara, 1892-1973, Sanskrit and Hindi author.
On museums of Ahmadabad, India.
Articles on the history of theater in Goa.
Souvenir published on the occasion of 12th session of Pragatika Marathi Sahitya Sammelana, organized by the Panaji Marathipremi va Samrata Klaba; comprises contributed papers on Marathi literature from Goa.
Study of folk tales from Kannauj, India.
On Krishna, Hindu deity.
Satirical plays by several 20th century Hindi authors meant for radio and television.
Study of the works of Hindi Vaishnava poets with special reference to the depiction of Krishna, Hindu deity; covers the period, 14th to 15th century.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Bhagavati Prasada Simha, b. 1921, Hindi and Awadhi critic; includes articles on devotional Hindi poetry with special reference to the depiction of Rama, Hindu deity.
Study of the life and works of Sarvesvara Dayala Saksena, 1927-1983, Hindi author.
Study of the poetic works of Jai Shankar Prasad, 1889-1937, Surya Kant Tripathi, 1896-1961, Hindi authors and Sumitra Nandan Pant, 1900-1977, Hindi poet.
On the life and works of Umanathasastri Sindhuliya, Nepali author.
Study on the educational backwardness among Rai, Nepalese people.
Based on the life of Pratapa Malla, fl. 1641-1674, King of Kathmandu.
Contributed articles on the works of Gobind Singh, 1666-1708, 10th guru of Sikhs.
Biography of Ranil Wickremasinghe, leader of the opposition and former prime minister of Sri Lanka.
An eulogy and life sketch of Yasodhara, wife of Gautama Buddha.
History of socioeconomic struggle of Panjabis settled in Canada.
Adaptation of Sakuntala by Kalidasa, Sanskrit author.
Chiefly on the poetic works of 20th century Hindi authors; includes brief study of the works of 15th and 16th century Hindi poets.
Selected writings and transcript of speeches of Shri Krishna Sinha, 1887-1961, freedom fighter and first chief minister of Bihar, India; chiefly on the political, social and economic conditions of India; covers the post 1947 to 1960 period.
Study of Sanskrit grammar with reference to Paribhasendusekhara of Nagesabhatta, fl. 1670-1750, Sanskrit author.
On the life and works of Bharatbhooshan Agarwal, 1919-1975, Hindi author.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Refers to the Indian scene; chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
With reference to India; chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
With reference to India; chiefly statistical tables.
With reference to India; chiefly statistical tables.
With reference to India; chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Chiefly statistical tables.
Verse biography of Sankaracarya, exponent of Advaita philosophy.
Compilation of Hindu mantras with their rituals for protection from evil.
Verse translation of Bhagavadgita in Urdu.
Festschrift in honor of Jagadisa Sahaya Kulasreshtha, b. 1922; contributed research papers.
Collection of four Sanskrit text on ancient Hindu law.
With reference to India.
Biography of Swami Bisuddhananda Sarasvati, b. 1906, Hindu religious leader.
Contributed articles on the works of Candradhara Sarma Guleri, 1883-1922, Hindi author.
Includes bibliographical references (p. 126-128).
With reference to Nepal.
Brief early history of Sri Lanka based on the oldest known Sinhalese copper-plate charter.
Autobiographical account of an ornithologist and an entomologist.
With reference to Sri Lanka.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles.
Field survey conducted in Ahmedabad, India.
Proceedings of the Regional Workshop on Women Entrepreneurs in Mountain Areas, organized by ICIMOD.
Study of Padmavata by Malik Muhammad Jayasi, fl. 1540, Awadhi poet and Ramacaritamanasa by Tulasidasa, 1532-1623, Awadhi poet with special reference to the language of the two works.
Study of the works of Kabir, 15th century Hindi devotional poet.
Historical epic poem on the battle fought between Aurangzeb, Emperor of Hindustan, 1618-1707 and Kesarisimha, King of Khandela, 17th cent.; includes Hindi prose translation and critical interpretation.
Study of Sanskrit poetics as discussed in Nanjarajayasobhusana of Narasimha Kavi, 18th cent.
Sanskrit text, with English and Hindi translation.
Study with translation of Rasagangadhara, classical work on Sanskrit poetics by Jagannatha Panditaraja.
On phonetics of Vedic language.
Commentary on Tattvacintamani of Gangesa, 13th cent., work on Hindu logic and epistemology of the Navya Nyaya school of Hindu philosophy; critical edition.
Study on Meitheis (Indic people) of Manipur, India.
Songs on Krishna and Radha, Hindu Deities.
For children.
Collection of Manipuri proverbial sayings.
Collection of mantras dedicated to various deities worshipped in Manipur, India.
On traditional folk beliefs with special reference to Manipur, India.
History of the people of Moirang, situated in Manipur, India.
Religious beliefs of Meitheis, Indic people.
Includes critical interpretation.
Author's description of travel in Uttar Pradesh, India; includes her experiences.
Collection of poems and short stories.
Contributed articles on rural development in Bangladesh.
Anthology of short stories.
Study on the similarities in culture and civilization between Samo (West African people) and the Indian people, with special reference to North Eastern States of India.
Contributed articles on the life and work of Krishna Kanta Handiqui, educationist and oriental scholar from Assam, India.
On the life and works of Tasalima Nasarina, Bengali author.
Articles on the work of some contemporary directors of plays and playwrights from India.
History of Manipur and Meitheis, Indic people.
Social practices in Kerala as observed by the author while on his visit.
Critical discussion on the elements of protest and rebellion in Bengali short stories written between 1891-2000.
Articles on the cult of Murugan, Hindu deity.
Folk ballad; with interpretation.
Folk ballad.
Poems on Jaina philosophy.
Contributed articles on the life and work of Subhasha Cakrabarti, political leader and minister from West Bengal, India.
History of the freedom struggle of the people of Tamluk Subdivision, Midnapore District, West Bengal, India during 1750 to 1947.
Humorous stories.
Ancient text on Hindu pilgrims and pilgrimages in India; critical edition.
Folk ballad on Karna, Hindu mythology.
Folk ballad.
Anthology of Bengali short stories, published on the birth centenary of Nagendra Candra Syama, Bengali author.
Dance notation of neo-Vaishnava dance form "Srawani Satra", prevalent in central Assam, India.
Contributed articles on the life and work of Biju Pattanayaka, b. 1916, former chief minister of Orissa.
Contributed articles on the social thinking Amlan Datta, b. 1924, Bengali economist and educationist.
On Syamaprasada Mukhopadhyaya, 1901-1953, Indian politician in the politics of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Study on Hinduism and national integration of India.
Articles on social conditions of India with reference to women.
Articles chiefly on Assamese literature.
Critical articles on characteristics and elements of folktales from around the world.
Study on folk-religion and folk gods of the people of Tista and Barak Valley of India.
Collection of Tibetan Buddhist devotional prayers.
Poems on Jesus Christ.
On the life and works of Veturi Prabhakarasastri, 1888-1950, a Telugu author.
Life and works of Vali, 17th/18th cent., Urdu poet.
Festschrift honoring Qazi Abdulvadud, b. 1896, Urdu scholar and critic; comprises articles on him and on Urdu and Persian literature.
On the works of Momin Khan, 1800-1851?, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
Study of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938, Urdu and Persian poet as reflected in the works Jagannath Azad, b. 1918, Urdu poet and specialist of Iqbal.
On the works of Qazi Abdulvadud, b. 1896, Urdu scholar and critic.
On the life of Muhammad Yahya Kandhalavi, 1871-1916, Indian Islamic scholar.
Collection of speeches of a Buddhist monk on Buddhism as practised in Sri Lanka today.
Perception of women in the plays of Ediriweera R. Sarachchandra.
Working of the provincial council system in Sri Lanka.
Study on the formulation of verses recited to bring happiness, peace, good luck, and ward off evil.
Etymological study in Panjabi language.
Biographical sketches of freedom fighters from Punjab, India.
Panjabi language grammar.
Articles on the culture of Punjab.
Articles on various aspects of Tamil studies.
Papers on Siddha medicine manuscripts, presented at a seminar, held during 24-27 February, 1999, at Chennai.
Articles on 20th century Urdu literature.
With reference to India.
Based on Kadamabari of Bana, Sanskrit author.
Contributed articles on the freedom movement in princely states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat.
Collection of Rajasthani folk songs.
On the life and philosophy of 24 Tirthankars.
Diary of Gopala Sarma "Sahara", Hindi author.
Rajasthani epic poem, with Hindi paraphrase and word meaning.
Anthology of poems.
Contributed articles on different aspects of contemporary Nepalese society.
Report of a committee to control corruption in Nepal.
Selected articles on Nepali literature.
On herbs and their medical use for gynecological diseases.
Evaluation of Nepal's educational policy.
Critical study of the present education system of Nepal.
On social justice in Nepal; a study.
On the economic conditions of farmers of Nepal.
Articles chiefly on present-day politics of Nepal.
Contributed articles on the life of Manamohana Adhikari, b. 1921, former prime minister of Nepal; volume published to mark his death.
Contributed articles on the life and work of Prakasa Raja Kaphle, 1952-1992, a human rights activist from Nepal.
Selections of Kajari, Hindi folk songs from Uttar Pradesh, India; includes critical introduction.
Study conducted on Panurpuzha and Cherupucha rivers in Kozhikode District, Kerala, India.
With reference to Kerala, India; study done in the campus of the Centre for Water Resources Development & Management, Kerala, India.
Conference held at Cochin University of Science and Technology, Cochin, India.
With reference to Kerala, India.
"This paper was presented in the National Seminar on Food Security in India: the Emerging Challenges in the Context of Economic Liberalisation, organised by Centre for Economic and Social Studies, Hyderabad and Institute for Human Development, New Delhi, during March 25-27, 2000"--P. ii.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles presented as part of 2nd Matsya Alankar at Kozhikode, India in 1999.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
On the social, economic, political, cultural life of the people during the times of Akbar, Emperor of Hindustan, 1542-1605.
Contributed articles.
With reference to India.
Proceedings of the Symposium on "Advances and Priorities in Fisheries Technology," held during 11-13 February, 1998, at Cochin, India.
Selected works of 20th century Marathi authors translated into Hindi.
Annotated bibliography.
In-depth study on marine fishery resources in Kerala.
With reference to India.
With particular reference to Kerala, India.
Nature of feudalism and capitalism in colonial Sri Lanka.
Based largely on the Outreach Strategies Exchange Programme.
Articles some of which have been previously published in various Hindi journals on the economic and social conditions in India; covers the post 1947 times.
On the socio economic conditions of Indians and Pakistanis in Australia.
With reference to Sri Lanka.
4th Congress held at Chennai, India.
Includes workshop papers.
With reference to India.
Etymological interpretation of Bhagavatgita; includes text.
Analysed from inscriptional, musical and literary points of view; includes musical notation.
On various rituals and festivals of Sri Venkateshwara Temple at Tirumala, India.
Hymns to Daksinamurti, form of Siva (Hindu deity).
With special reference to India.
Includes memoirs about the poet by her friend L. Dashniam.
Study on the traditional Mongolian nutrition.
On Mongolian family and social life, traditional customs, and education.
Memoirs of various politicians about democracy movement in Mongolia.
Travel account of the author about the social life and customs of Dorvon Oirad, Central Asian tribe.
On Sar Khairkhan, Mongolian annual horse race festival for the year 1995, and on Mongolian horses.
On how to draw human figure.
Discussion of the status and development of the Mongolian agricultural sector.
History of ancient Mongol rulers.
Tourist guide of Mongolia.
Study of ancient Hindu logic.
Contributed write-ups on Purushottam Lakshman Deshpande, 1919-2000, Marathi author.
Research articles on the social condition of women in India.
Articles on the works of 20th century Marathi authors.
On the works of Purushottam Lakshman Deshpande, b. 1919, Marathi playwright.
Articles on author's own works.
Biography of Madhubala, 1933-1969, Hindi motion picture actress.
Contributed articles presented at a workshop held in 1994.
Indian chronology according to the literary evidence of Jainism; a study.
On Jaina doctrines.
Festschrift in honor of M.A. Mehendale, indologist; comprises research papers on Vedic literature and Sanskrit language.
Based on the data collected by research team of M.S. University of Baroda and Gujarat Ecology Commission.
Contributed articles.
With reference to India.
Collection of papers presented and discussed in various forums, seminars, and conferences.
With reference to India; proceedings of Training for Trainers of the Elected Women Representatives, held at Baroda, on March 16-18, 1998.
Contributed papers presented at the UGC/DSA Seminar on "Medieval: Concept and Aspects", predominantly on medieval history of India.
With special reference to India.
Autobiography of Gopal Mittal, b. 1909, Urdu writer.
Articles on miscellaneous topics that appeared in Burmese newspapers by writer, journalist, and politician.
Buddhist doctrine on right view; articles.
Sermons by a Burmese Buddhist monk on Buddhist doctrine on an invitation by the Kale Council of Churches, Burma.
Comparises articles of National Seminar on "Free India: Retrospects and Prospects" held at Jamia Hamdard, New Delhi, India, 29-31 August 1999, organized by the Khuda Bakhsh Oriyatal Pablik Laibreri.
On the lives and works of Jnanapitha award winning Kannada authors.
Articles on Buddhist philosophy.
Stories for children.
About Natsyhannon, 1577-1613, prince of Toungoo, and princess of Hanthawaddy Rajadhatukalya, and their times.
Portion of Skandapurana; Sanskrit text with Hindi and English translation.
Compilation of Jaina mantras and hymns for daily worship.
Verse translation of selected Upanishads.
Condensed metrical version of Sankaracarya's Sarirakamimamsabhasya, Advaita commentary on Brahmasutra of Badarayana.
Hymn to Sri Venkatesvara, Hindu deity.
On Tripurasundari, Hindu deity.
Collection of lectures delivered at Physical Research Laboratory in 1981.
Brought out on the occasion of the Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad, celebrating its 40th year since inception in Nov. 1947.
Symposium organized by Gujarat Voluntary Health Association, on March 26, 1995, at Vadodara, India.
Study conducted in Baroda city.
Contributed research papers.
Study conducted in Jambughoda Wildlife Sanctuary in Gujarat, India.
On the life and works of Birinchi Kumar Barua, Assamese author and critic.
On religious life of Purusottama Gosvami Maharaj and Shrivatsa Goswami, Vaishnavites from Vrindavan, India.
Contributed articles.
Biography of Akhtaruliman, 1915-1996, Urdu poet.
Aesthetics in the works of Tulasidasa, 1532-1623, Awadhi poet.
Based on the Mahabharata, Hindu epic.
On the trends and traditions of theater in India; a study; includes text of two plays.
Study of the novels of Govinda Misra, b. 1939, Hindi author.
Description of the various games played in rural India.
Travel impressions of Rome and Paris by a Nepali author.
Memoirs, essays, and real stories of Victoria Cross holder Gorkha soldiers.
Articles on the ethnic conflicts in Nepal.
On the valour of Gurkha soldiers; includes brief biographical sketches of selected soldiers.
On various ethnic groups in Nepal.
Review of the election manifestos of different political parties of Nepal for 1994 and 1999 elections for the parliament.
Regionalism in Nepali novel, a study.
Articles, chiefly on socioeconomic conditions of tribes of Nepal.
On the life and works of Mitrasena, 1895-1946, Nepali singer and musician.
Brief history of Ahmadabad, India.
With special reference to Kerala, India.
Critical edition of Classical Sanskrit poem.
In the Indian context; contributed articles.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Study on Uttaramacaritam, Sanskrit play by Bhavabhuti, 18th cent.
On the effort of conserving rain water for drinking and harvesting; case study of selected villages in Rajasthan, India.
Study conducted by Concerned for Working Children, Bangalore.
With reference to India.
With reference to a study conducted in the city of Lucknow, India.
Study conducted in six districts of Karnataka, India.
Study of Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme for India in Delhi and Jaipur and Mahesana districts of India.
Comparative study of Gujarati and Marathi plays during 1850-1900.
Study of medieval Gujarati literature.
Narrative of pilgrimage to Amarnath Cave and other Hindu pilgrims in Jammu and Kashmir.
Book-reviews of Gujarati literature.
Articles on Dingal literature.
Study with text of wedding songs of the Rabaris of Saurashtra, India.
Literary essays by very well known Gujarati author.
Folk tales from Saurashtra, India; retold.
Study of early 20th century Gujarati literary journalism.
On the relations of Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948 and Vallabhbhai Patel, 1875-1950, during Indian freedom struggle.
Collective biography of Jaina religious leaders and saints from Gujarat, India.
On the life and philosophy of Swami Anand, 1887-1976, Hindu religious leader from Gujarat, India.
Prose-caricatures of some Indian celebrities.
Articles on Gujarati and Sanskrit literature and civilization.
Biography of Bhagavat Simhaji, Maharaj of Gondal, Sir, 1865-1944, of Gondal (Princely State).
Narratives of travels for research in various places.
Articles on generation gap in society, with special reference to Gujarat, India.
Travel account of a literary author to China.
Chinese-Mongolian dictionary of common words.
Contributed articles on Assamese prose literature.
Life and works of Unvan Cishti, b. 1937, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
Life and works of Unvan Cishti, b. 1937, Urdu poet.
On Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941 and his association with different Indian saints and religious leaders on various occasions.
Contributed articles on the life of Zakir Husain, 1897-1969, former president of India; centenary memorial volume.
On the life of Zakir Husain, 1897-1969, former president of India; comprises articles presented at a seminar organized by the Khuda Bakhsh Oriyantal Laibreri, Patna, 1999.
Includes editorial introduction.
Comprising plays and short stories; includes brief articles on his career.
Memoirs of a freedom-fighter and revolutionary, Kalipada Rayacaudhuri, 1898-1977; from Madaripur District, Bengal, now in Bangladesh, about the movement there.
Critical discussion of the characteristics and elements of Santali short stories.
Author's analysis of the life and work of Syamaprasada Mukhopadhyaya, 1901-1953, Indian politician, from the perspective of examining him as a communal leader.
Thesis to establish that Emilie Schenkl was neither married to, nor the wife of, Subhas Chandra Bose, 1897-1945, Indian statesman.
Author's travel impressions of South India.
Handbook on Purulia District, India.
Articles on the elements and characteristics of the short stories of Jibanananda Das, 1899-1954; 20th century Bengali author.
Buddhist meditation.
History of Cham to rhan Mrat Mo tan Ceti, pagoda enshrining Buddha's hair relic, in Bassein, Burma.
Autobiographical reminiscences of author's travel account of goodwill visit to China.
Articles on miscellaneous topics of Theravada Buddhism.
Post 1988 politics in Burma; articles.
Reminiscences about teachers and the effectiveness of their teachings, in Burma; articles.
History of Chu ton prann Bhu ra, Buddhist pagoda built on Am phvay Ton to, hill in Mongmit, Burma.
History of Rvhe Gu kri Bhu ra, Buddhist shrine in Monywa, Burma.
History of Kyuikkalvanpvan Ceti, Buddhist shrine in Sittang, Burma; includes history of the place.
Collection of compositions in Burmese language.
On practices in traditional Buddhism; selection of talks by a Burmese Buddhist monk in various places in the United States.
Teachings on Buddhist doctrine on vice.
Memoirs of a Burmese author's travel to France.
Collection of selected short stories of an Oriya author.
On the ceremonial festivals, rituals of Jagannatha, Hindu deity, enshrined at Puri, Orissa.
Contributed articles on Oriya poetry of Radhanath Roy, 1848-1908.
Collected biographical sketches of eminent Oriya personalities.
Interviews with Burmese authors, on their works.
On Burmese songs and singers.
Lectures on practicing Buddhist doctrine for laities to live mentally and physically peaceful life.
Handbook of Burma.
Commentary on Punnovadasutta, section of Majjhimanikaya, Buddhist canonical text.
Management of various snakebites encountered in Burma.
Ummaggajataka, Buddhist canonical story, adapted and translated into English.
Life and times of Burmese King Bayinnaung, of Toungoo, fl. 1551-1581.
Screenplay.
On the history of Malayalam literature.
On the influence of a communist leader from Kerala, India, on art, culture, and Malayalam literature.
Autobiographical reminicences of a Malayalam author.
Anthology of folk tales of Lakshadweep, India.
Papers presented and discussed at various seminars; with reference to India.
On the various aspects of the lives of people living along the Varahi river in Karnataka, India.
Selected architectural building/complex designs of India.
Study conducted in India.
Contributed articles; festschrift for Harjeet Singh Gill, b. 1935 on his nomination as Professor Emeritus, Jawaharlal Nehru University.
Papers presented at a seminar jointly organized by National Institute of Management and National Insurance Academy during March 17-18, 2000.
Sanskrit philosophical classic with commentaries.
Articles on ancient cultural history of India.
Children's songs and stories in Bhili language.
Selection from humorous writings of a Gujarati author.
Anthology by 20th century Urdu authors.
Contributed articles on the life and work of Zakir Husain, 1897-1969, former president of India; includes briefly articles and transcript of lectures by him; commemorative volume published on the occasion of his birth centenary.
Contributed articles.
On structuralism, literary analysis with special reference to Arabic, Persian, Sanskrit, and Urdu poetry.
On the fauna and flora of Silent Valley, Kerala, India.
Verse adaptation of Kadambari of Banabhatta, classical Sanskrit novel.
Verse adaptation of Harsacarita, classical Sanskrit prose work of Bana.
Chiefly on Kannada literature.
In the Indian context.
Covers the entire Nilgiris district, Tamil Nadu.
With reference to India.
With special reference to India.
Proceedings of the Workshop on Farmer Participatory Methods in Research and Development for the Semi-Arid Tropics, 27-28 October 1998 at ICRISAT, Hyderabad.
In the Indian context.
With reference to Indian community.
With reference to India.
Contributed papers.
Contributed papers.
Study conducted at Kedar village in Villupuram Ramasamy Padayachiar District, Tamil Nadu.
Earlier published in No. 67 (1914) of the Journal of the Ceylon Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain & Ireland.
Based on Ramayana of Valmiki.
Account of Vai. Ena. Saksena, b. 1935 director general, police of his encounters with dacoits, role in containing communal riots, and judicial enquiry during his postings all over India.
Verse transcreation of Bhagavadgita.
Selected poetic and prose works of Rasika Bihari Manjula, b. 1940, Hindi author.
Study of the poetic works of Liladhara Jaguri, b. 1944, Hindi author in the context of contemporary Hindi poetry.
Elements of love in the works of Jai Shankar Prasad, 1889-1937, Hindi author; a study.
Satirical articles.
With special reference to Chota Nagpur, India.
History of Tripura, with chronicles of the rulers.
Efficacy of telling the beads and methods as practiced by Vicittasarabhivamsa, born 1911, Burmese Buddhist priest.
Marriage rites and practices in Burma.
Selections from Rasavahini, the birth stories of Gautama Buddha, translated into Burmese from Pali.
Conversation in Kachin language for Burmese speakers.
Post-1988 politics in Burma; articles.
Anthology.
On nirvana, emancipation from cycle of rebirths in Buddhism; philosophical view.
Commentary on Accharasutta, section of Samyuttanikaya, Buddhist canonical text.
Autobiography of A rhan Janakabhivamsa, 1899-1977, Burmese Buddhist monk; abridged and translated from Burmese.
Guide on conduct of life for Burmese youth.
On Urdu literature with reference to Delhi.
Case study of Haryana, India.
Case study conducted in Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh.
Case study of Himachal Pradesh.
Case study conducted in West Bengal.
Case study conducted in Bihar.
Case study of Tamil Nadu.
Trilingual dictionary.
Includes meanings of words in Hindi.
Critical study of Paraciam bhagatam diam, a verse hagiography of some Hindu saints by Darabari Dasa, 1780 or 81-1810.
Dictionary of Panjabi synonyms.
Contributed articles on the culture of Punjab, India.
History of Bhatinda, a town in Punjab, India.
Self analysis of his works by a Panjabi author.
On Sikh marriage customs and rites; includes hymns.
Collection of brief summary reports presented by delegates from various countries at the Seventh Asia-Pacific Parliamentarians Conference on Environment and Development held at Chiang Mai, Thailand, Nov. 20-22, 1999.
Reproduced text of the Constitution of India as amended by parliament from time to time.
On the works of Guru Gobind Singh, 1666-1708; papers presented at a seminar organized by Panjabi Akadami, Dilli, on March 25-26, 2000.
On various sects in Sikhism.
Anthology of Panjabi short stories by foreign authors.
Comparative study of poetry of Bhai Wira Singh and Puran Singh, 1881-1931, Panjabi authors.
On the folk religion of Punjab, India.
On the life and work of Madhusudana Saha, b. 1940, Hindi author.
Summary of an inter-religious conference held on 30th January 1999 at Gandhi Smriti and Darshan Samiti; transcript of speeches on the religious views of Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948, statesman and on the various religions practised in India.
Study of the poetic works of Shyam Singh Shashi, b. 1935, Hindi author.
With special reference to Delhi, India.
In the Indian context.
With reference to Maharashtra, India.
Papers chiefly on Nepali literature presented at the 13th Sahitya-Vanamahotsava, congregation of Nepali women authors at Chitwan during May 6-7, 2000.
With reference to India.
With reference to Indian irrigation.
With reference to India.
Case study of the developing countries.
With reference to Pallichal, India.
On the family planning methods adopted in the state of Kerala, India.
Based on the Kalhana's Sanskrit work Rajatarangini.
With reference to India.
Revised version of paper presented at the 35th Annual Conference of the Indian Econometric Society, held at Jaipur, Rajasthan, from 11 to 13 March, 1999."
In the Asian context; revised version of a keynote paper presented at a conference.
Case study of Kerala, India.
In the Indian context; based on the writings of Amartya Sen and Albert Hirschman.
Single paper presented at the 6th Annual Conference on Contemporary Issues in Development Economics, December 13-14, 1996, Jadavpur University, Calcutta.
With reference to India.
With reference to Developing countries.
Short biographical introduction to various musicians of the Hindustani classical music; includes a sampling of the songs with musical letter notation.
Paper for presentation at the International Conference on 'Coffee Production and Economic Development, c. 1700-c. 1900', at St. Antony's College, Oxford, 10-12 September, 1998.
History of Sandhawalia family from Punjab, India.
Study on Rasikapriya by Kesavadasa, love poems depicted with Pahari painting.
A study on cultural invasion, cultural violence, and memocide in Jharkhand, India.
Articles, mostly on Indian civilization.
Reminiscences of life and times at Hindu College, Delhi, by the students, teachers, and principals associated with it; volume to mark the centenary of the college.
Prose English translation of Sanskrit poem on Krishna (Hindu deity).
On Vaishnavism in Navadwip (India), birthplace of Chaitanya, Vaishnava saint.
On the cult of Ganga, Hindu deity
English translation of verse biography of Chaitanya, 1486-1534, Vaishnava saint from Bengal.
On the cult and pilgrim centre of Radha, Hindu deity in Vrindavan, India.
Collective biographies and Vaishnava pilgrims in Vrindavan.
Classical Sanskrit poetry on Krishna (Hindu deity).
An attempt to highlight the notions of the average Indian male against his female counterpart.
Account of the hijacking of Indian Airlines aircarft from Delhi to Kathmandu and back on Dec. 1999.
Contributed papers presented at a seminar held in 1999 at Calcutta, India.
With reference to Kerala, India.
Study of Rajasthan, India.
For children.
For children.
Two illustrated tales set in India, one of a young man taming a wild bird and the other of children letting their imagination soar while they draw.
In the Indian context.
Maharaja Bhupinder Singh's collection of various medals at Sheesh Mahal Museum, Patialia.
Biography of a classical singer from India.
Selected correspondences of Indian industrialist Ghanasyamadasa Birala, 1894-1983 with Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
In the Indian context.
Includes statistical tables.
In the Indian context.
In the Indian context.
Papers presented at the Seminar on India and Nepal: Aspects of Interdependent Relations organized by the South Asia Studies Centre, University of Rajasthan.
Study on the socio-economic life, etc. of the Mate tribe of Twisomjang in Senapati district of Manipur.
Papers presented at a workshop organized by Indian Council of Social Science Research in June 2000.
Autobiography of eventful life of a highly distinguished Indian soldier.
Papers presented at the 2nd Conference on "Goa and Portugal: History and Development" held in Goa during Sept. 6-9, 1999.
Festschrift honoring V.M. Tarkunde, Bombay High Court judge, on his 90th birth anniversary.
Papers presented at the Seminar on the Status of Social Sciences in the Vernacular Languages of North East India in 1998, organised by ICSSR-NERC.
Festschrift in honor of Sadhvi Candana, b. 1937; comprises papers chiefly on Jaina doctrines.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles.
With special reference to Kerala, India.
With reference to South Asia.
Articles, chiefly on modern Nepali literature.
With reference to India.
With reference to Kerala, India.
Account of the Bangladesh government during the rule of Ziaur Rahman, former president and founder of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
Brief biographies of Indic authors whose translations of works by eminent Indian literary authors into various Indic languages have won them awards.
Brief biographies of award winners of Bhasha Samman, an award given by Sahitya Akademi to authors for their contributions to Indian language and literature.
Contributed seminar papers with reference to India.
Project to be conducted in Ernakulam District.
With reference to India.
Meeting held at Regional Cancer Centre, Trivandrum, India, on 12-14 October, 1992.
With reference to India.
Edited versions of the papers presented at a conference.
With reference to India.
With reference to foodgrains consumption survey in India.
With reference to India.
Dictionary of Hindi proverbs.
Selected text with Hindi verse translation of Kurukh folk songs and a selection of folk tales.
Study of the works of Jai Shankar Prasad, 1889-1937, Hindi author in the context of time.
Based on the Indo-Pakistan dispute in Kargil, India.
On Hindu fasts and feasts and rituals of India; includes briefly the fasts and festivals of other religions.
Complete works of Vinayak Damodar Savarkar, 1883-1966, nationalist and freedom fighter; chiefly on the Indian freedom struggle.
Mundari folk songs and folk tales; Folk literature, Mundari, includes text of folk songs with Hindi verse translation and short introduction.
History of origin and development of Sanskrit literature; known as a foundation to Hindi literature.
Patriotic songs in modern Indic languages; includes text with meaning in English and Hindi verse.
Critical study on works of Jasawanta Singha Kamwala, b. 1920, Panjabi fiction writer.
On globalization and liberalism, with special reference to Punjab; contributed articles; special issue of Samajaka wigiana pattara.
With special reference to Rajasthan.
Chiefly in the context of post-1947 economic history and communalism.
Contributed articles presented at a seminar in 1998.
With reference to a study conducted in the Mahudi village in Gujarat, India.
In the Indian context.
Memoirs, letters, articles, and poems about Haranama, d. 1990, Panjabi author; by his contemporaries.
Panjabi songs, with musical letter notations, based on Hindustani classical music.
Biography of Atara Singha, 1866-1926, Sikh religious leader.
On Lakshmana, Hindu mythological character.
Study on the works of Purushottam Lakshman Deshpande, b. 1919, Marathi author.
Articles on 20th century Marathi literature.
Study of Munidasa Kumaranatunga, 1887-1944, eminent Sri Lankan litterateur.
Biography of Sirimavo Bandaranayaka, b. 1916, former prime minister of Sri Lanka.
Buddhist canonical discourse in Pali with Sinhalese translation.
Buddhist practices and beliefs in Sri Lanka.
Traditional Sri Lankan masks.
Folk beliefs of Kataragama, Sri Lanka.
Papers, most presented at a workshop held on 29-30 Jan. 1999 in Kandy, Sri Lanka.
Brief historical outline of Sigiriya, Sri Lanka.
Buddhist canons with translation.
Love as depicted in the works of Sumitra Nandan Pant, 1900-1977, Hindi poet; a study.
Folk life of the people of Punjab as depicted in the novels of Balwant Singh, 1926-1986, Hindi fictional author; a study.
Character of Duryodhana and related events in Mahabharata; a study.
Contributed articles on the life and work of Lakshmicandra Jaina, 1907-1999, Hindi author.
Errors commonly made by students in Hindi language with special reference to spellings and pronounciation and their correction; a study.
Based on the social life of people in rural India.
Anthology of Bhojpuri poems.
Bio-bibliography of 20th century Hindi authors from Delhi, India; arranged alphabetically.
Sanskrit erotic poetry with English translation and illustrations.
Anthology of Sanskrit poetry; episods from Sanskrit literature.
Ancient Sanskrit text with English translation on trees and plants.
With reference to the Indian scene.
With reference to the Indian scene.
Account of the aftermath of the nuclear explosions conducted by India and Pakistan.
An account of the Indian National Congress (I), Indian political party.
With reference to the Indian scene.
Refers to the Bharatiya Janata Party and Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh, Indian political parties.
Rituals, ceremonies, customs, etc. performed in connection with paddy cultivation in Uva Province of Sri Lanka.
With reference to Sri Lanka.
With reference to Sri Lanka.
Contributed research articles.
Refers to the outcome of the 12th general elections to the Lok Sabha in India.
Refers to the political situation prevailing in India during the 1990s.
Refers to China's recent economic and social development.
An economic perspective.
Chronology of eminent Muslims of Bihar, who died between the years 1947 to 1999 A.D.
"This edition was printed in January 1999 but could not be released due to some unavoidable circumstances. Now it shall be considered as the edition of September 2000" -- T.p. verso.
Literary history of Ara, India with referene to Urdu.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Ramz Azimabadi, 1916-1997, Urdu poet.
Selected Urdu patriotic poetry banned during British rule preserved in National Archives of India.
Articles, chiefly on 20th century Urdu poetry.
Literary view of the relation between literature and science; with some reference to Telugu.
Critical evaluation of modern Telugu idealist poetry.
On burrakatha, a Telugu folk art form.
Freedom struggle in Andhra Pradesh by the inmates and members of Gautami Satyagraha Asramam, Sitanagaram, India.
Anthology of 20th century Bengali patriotic poetry.
Collection of short stories on partition and freedom struggle as it affected Bengal.
On Kuchipudi, a classical dance form of Andhra Pradesh.
Social analysis of bhakti (devotional) poetry in Telugu.
Selected Telugu ghazals.
Text with translation of Sundarakanda, portion of Ramayana by Valmiki.
Collective biography of Alvars, Vaishnavite saints of Tamil Nadu.
On life and works of Binoda Kanungo, Oriya author.
Selected writings on Oriya culture.
Inscriptions on royal dynasties and history of Orissa.
Study on the known and lesser known works of Oriya poet, Gangadhara Mehera, 1862-1924, includes text of poems.
On the representation of Jagannatha, Hindu deity in Oriya literature.
On Hindu shrines, Gods, and religious customs of Tamilnadu.
Study on the six shrines of Murugan, Hindu deity, in Tamil Nadu; includes poems in praise of the deity.
Contributed articles on the lives of artists from Himachal Pradesh, India.
Account of the travels and description of places visited in Simla District, India by the author.
On the role of China and Russia in Mongolian independence.
History of Khatanbaatar Darkhan Chin Vangiin Khoshuu, ancient Mongolian administrative unit comprising of the present Bulgan Aimag, includes biography of Sandagdorzh Magsarzhav, 1878-1927, Mongolian revolutionary and army officer.
Mongolian conversation book for Korean speakers.
Mongolian translation of a Buddhist canonical text in Sanskrit; transliterated into Cyrillic, from Mongolian script.
Decrees and decisions on Mongolian border defence during 1959-1969.
On erotic pictures and figures found in ancient monuments and temples in Mongolia.
Seed related technology of agricultural plants in Mongolia.
Decisions and orders from the Mongolian Constitutional Court.
Symposium was organized by the International Institute for the Study of Nomadic Civilizations and supported by Unesco in Ulaanbaatar during 13-15 Dec., 1999.
On traditional wool industry in Mongolia.
On erotic art.
History of Mongolian astrology.
On "Om ma ni bad me khum" Buddhist mantra.
Biography of Sharavzhamts, Mongolian wrestler.
Collective biographies of Mongolian generals.
Chinese conversation and phrase book for Mongolian speakers.
Collection of legal acts, decrees, rules, etc. on state property in Mongolia.
Dictionary of economics.
On foreign relations between Mongolia and China.
Memoirs about Oidovyn Urtnasan, b. 1929, Mongolian motion picture producer.
Articles and papers on the problems of Mongolian constition.
On traditional customs from Mongolia.
History of wars fought by Genghis Khan, 1162-1227, Mongol ruler.
Study on the life and works of Batyn Lkhagvasuren, Mongolian poet.
Writings about Mongolian scholar Sharavyn Chuluunbaatar.
Study on Mongolian literature.
Relationship between Mongolia-Korea.
On relationship between Mongolia and Japan during the Japanese stay in Ulaanbaatar between 1911-1921.
Quotations of Genghis Khan, 1162-1227, Mongol ruler.
Souvenir brought out on golden jubilee of Man bhu Kha ruin A san, association of natives of Minbu District residing in Rangoon; comprises chiefly articles on miscellaneous topics about Minbu District, Burma.
Festschrift honoring Mughni, b. 1930, Urdu scholar and critic; comprises articles on him and Urdu literature.
Articles on some 19th and 20th century Bengali authors' novels.
On tabla playing instruction; includes music in letter notation.
Study, with reference to India.
Indian Christian theology in Advaita terms as viewed by an eminent Indian Christian theologian.
Study on Christianity in Northeastern India in the works of Frederick Sheldon Downs, b. 1932, American Baptist missionary.
Study conducted in Ahmadabad, Gulbarga, and Sholapur cities of India.
With references to social conditions of Muslim Women in India.
An index of Malayalam manuscripts.
Survey conducted in Kerala.
With reference to India.
Proceedings of two-day conference held in 1998 at New Delhi, India.
Papers presented at a national workshop in New Delhi, held in May 1999.
Case study of Rajasthan, India.
Two unfinished novels of the author.
On scientific reasons for Hindu beliefs.
Study of the short stories of Premacanda, 1881-1936, Hindi fiction author and Maksim Gorky, 1868-1936, Russian author.
Selection of nine poetic works of the author which have been previously published.
Study of the novels of Devesa Thakura, b. 1933, Hindi author.
Concept of perception in Indic poetics; a study.
On the origin and development of Oswals, a caste in India.
Study of the economic life in ancient India, based on Agnipurana, Hindu mythological text.
Origin and development of Bengali dictionaries from early 18th century till modern times.
Autobiographical memoirs of a former deputy commissioner of police, Calcutta, India, includes his experiences about the law and order situation there from 1943-1977.
Critical articles on 19th-20th century Bengali literature.
Contributed articles on archaeological findings of some places located in West Bengal, India.
Critical articles chiefly on Bengali literature of 19th-20th century.
Contributed articles on the trends, characteristics, and themes of various genres of Bengali songs, and Bengali music; volume released on the occasion of the fourth Bengali music festival, held in Calcutta, India in 2000.
Study on prostitution in Bangladesh.
On the history, and trends of research in folklore in Bangladesh.
On the life and work of Akhter Hameed Khan, social activist and former director of the Academy for Rural Development, Comilla, Bangladesh; includes some translated articles written by him.
On the life and work of Abadula Halima Bayati, b. 1929, Bengali folk singer and composer from Bangladesh; includes brief biographical introductions of some contemporary folk singers and musicians and sampling of folk songs with musical letter notation.
Contributed articles on the social and administrative conditions hindering the rights of growth and development of tribal women living in the CHT Region of Bangladesh and their struggle.
On political situation since 1972 with reference to the ruling of Bangladesh Nationalist Party and Awami League, two political parties of Bangladesh.
On the elements and characteristics of Bengali folk literature; includes brief introductions on the life and work of some Bengali writers and activists who helped to enrich Bengali folk literature.
Collected memoirs on the life and work of Abadula Oyahaba Mahamuda, 1910-1996, educationist from West Bengal, India, born and educated in Bangladesh.
On the role played by collaborators, on behalf of Pakistan, against the freedom fighters in the liberation war of Bangladesh during 1970-1971.
History and heritage of Panchagar District of Bangladesh, from ancient period to 1947.
Articles on the legal rights of women and working women in Bangladesh.
Articles chiefly on Bengali literature both from India and Bangladesh; includes some on Bengali language and cultural tradition.
Autobiographical memoirs of Rejaula Haka Khondakara, b. 1926, economist from Banglasdesh.
Articles on women's rights in Bangladesh.
Critical discussion on the journalistic activities and writings of Kazi Nazrul Islam, 1899-1976, Bengali writer and composer.
Articles on the use of metaphor in the prose works of Kazi Nazrul Islam, 1899-1976, Bengali poet and composer.
On the role of tea plantation workers in the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971.
Short articles chiefly on contemporary social issues of Bangladesh.
Study on the works of Saratcandra Cattopadhyaya, 1876-1938, Bengali author.
Index to various published collections of songs of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941; includes introductory comments.
Study on the concept of Nataraja, Hindu deity, in the poems of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941, Bengali poet.
Study on the influence of the Russian revolution on Bengali short stories written during 1920-1940.
Study on the folk elements found in the Bengali Ramayana written by Krttibasa.
Critical articles on the elements and characteristics of modern Bengali poetry.
Study on the stylistic elements of 20th century Bengali fiction, with partial reference to Samaresh Basu, 1921-1988, Bengali author.
Contributed articles on Titasa ekati nadira nama, a novel by Advaita Mallabarmana, 1914-1951, Bengali author.
Autobiography of Ushaprasanna Mukhopadhyaya, folklorist from West Bengal, India.
Study on the life and works of Saratcandra Cattopadhyaya, 1876-1938, Bengali author, as reflected in his correspondence and in contemporary literary journals.
Papers presented at Intucamaya Ayvaranku, a seminar, held at Colombo, on 12-13, October, 1997; on the growth of Hinduism in Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka, in the 13th century.
Code of conduct of Sri Lanka Muslim Congress.
Speeches delivered at the national conferences of Sri Lanka Muslim Congress.
Papers presented at a seminar on Tamil theatre, held on 15-17, October, 1994, at Colombo.
On the contribution of Ulamas (Muslim scholars) in resolving the confronting issues of Sri Lankan Muslims.
Summary of the proposals on constitutional reforms made by Sri Lanka Muslim Congress.
Socio-political analysis of Muslims in the South-East Province of Sri Lanka.
Souvenir released on the occasion of Intucamaya Ayvaranku (Seminar on "Hinduism and Hindu Culture), held on 12-13 October, 1997, at Colombo; includes papers on Hinduism in Tamil Nadu, India, and Sri Lanka.
Poems in praise of Konesvarak Kovil, Saivite temple, at Trincomalee, Sri Lanka; includes explanatory notes.
Compilation of the writings on Saivism, by Arumuga Navalar, 1822-1879, Tamil author and scholar from Sri Lanka.
Memoirs of a Marathi playwright about his works.
Autobiography of a Marathi bard.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Ramacandra Cintamana Dhere, Marathi critic and folklorist.
Articles on Hindustani musicians from India.
Anthology of 20th century poems by various writers.
On the works of Narayana Surve, Marathi poet.
Autobiography of a Marathi author.
Compositions with musical letter notation, in Hindustani style of music.
On Krishna, Hindu deity.
On the life of Muhammad Bahadur Shah, II, King of Delhi, 1775-1862.
Autobiography of a member of Bhamta, nomadic tribe from Maharashtra.
Study on the life and works of Shripad Joshi, b. 1920, Marathi author.
Autobiography of an Indian philosopher.
Collection of Gujarati lyric poetry on Krishna (Hindu deity) and Radha (Hindu deity).
Literary essays; previously published in Mumbai samacara, Gujarati daily.
Religious and spiritual essays; previously published in Mumbai samacara, Gujarati daily.
Anthology of Gujarati poems on mothers.
Papers on Tamil folk literature of Sr Lanka, presented at a seminar, Tamil Nattar Valakkarriyal Manatu, held on 20-22 August, 1993, at Colombo.
By different Sri Lankan Tamil authors.
Articles on Urdu literature.
Biography on the life and work of Nimaim Haricandana, 1901-1983, musician from Orissa.
Complete plays of an Oriya author.
Study on life and works of Jagannatha Pani, 1836-1897, an Oriya poet.
Contributed articles on life and works of Radha Mohan Gadanayak, b. 1911, Oriya poet and translater, now dead; includes translations from Sanskrit.
Anthology of Urdu poetry from Nepal.
Autobiographical reminiscence of an Oriya playwright.
Anthology of Oriya short stories.
Anthology of short stories from 1843-1960.
Economic and social development in Sri Lanka, 1994-2000.
Contributed articles on modern Oriya children poetry.
Hindu philosophical classic; Sanskrit text with Oriya translation.
Study on history of Khurdha, a district in Orissa, and on nationalist leaders from Khurdha who played significant part in formation of independent Orissa province.
Literary criticism and evaluation of poetry of modern Oriya poets from 1950-60, includes texts and letters to editor by eminent Oriya poets of a serial, Kabita, edited by the author in 1960s.
Study on depiction of Orissan folk traditions, customs and cultural aspects in Jagamohana Ramayana of Balarama Dasa, 15th century.
Text of the folk songs of Bhils, tribe from Gujarat.
Compilation of folk songs for the occasion of Holi festival by Bhil tribe of Gujarat.
Folk songs of the Bhil tribe of Gujarat.
Anthology of Gujarati bhajans.
Selected verses of a Panjabi Sufi poet; includes introduction.
Articles on Panjabi poetry.
Biography of Karanaila Singha Parasa, b. 1916, folk singer from Punjab, India.
Articles on principles of Sikhism.
Biography of Jagadewa Singha Jassowala, b. 1935, political leader from Punjab, India.
Interpretive notes on Akala usatati, a Sikh devotional work by Gobind Singh, 1666-1708, 10th guru of Sikhs; includes text.
Papers presented at the national seminar organized by KIRTADS in April 1987.
In the Indian context.
With reference to India.
In the Indian context.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Study on trends in different genres of Oriya literature and contribution of Oriya literary authors.
Study on the works of Brajanatha Badajena, 1730-1795?, Oriya poet.
Comparative study on the teachings of Gautama Buddha and the cult of Jagannatha, Hindu deity.
Comparative study on Yoga as interpreted in Bhagavadgita and in the philosophy of Aurobindo Ghose, 1872-1950.
Commemorative volume on Abdul Malik, b. 1919, Assamese author; comprises articles on his life and work.
Study on the works of K.P. Mishra, an Oriya author.
Contributed articles on essence of Brahma Purana by Balarama Dasa, 15th century.
Contributed biographical articles on eminent Oriya personalities.
On the life and works of V.V.S. Aiyar, Tamil author and Indian revolutionary.
Dictionary of common words prevalent among the people in Kongu Region, India.
Original text and commentary of Tiruvenkaikkovai, ancient Tamil literature.
On Tamil motion picture lyricists, from 1931-2000; includes their brief biographies.
Anthology of modern Tamil short stories.
Anthology.
Study on the writings of Pudumai Pittan, 1906-1948, Tamil author.
Comparative study of Pudumai Pittan, 1906-1948, and Jeyakantan, b. 1934, 20th century Tamil short story writers.
Study on the works of Pudumai Pittan, 1906-1948, Tamil short story writer.
Portraits of chiefly 20th century Hindi authors.
Poems, short stories, plays, and essays; includes briefly articles on the life and works of Jayanarayana Vyasa, 1917-1963, Hindi author and former chief minister of Rajasthan.
On agriculture.
On women studies in Sri Lanka; contributed articles.
Study on the gender equality among plantation labourers in central highlands of Sri Lanka.
Study on Pallu literature, minor literary form in Tamil, which depicts the socio-cultural relations of Pallars, a scheduled caste community in Tamil Nadu.
History and contribution of Tipam, Tamil literary magazine.
Study on Islamic Tamil literature.
Complet short stories of a Tamil author.
Dictionary of medical terms used in Siddha system of Indic medicine in Tamil Nadu.
Contributed articles on the water crisis in Tamil Nadu.
Research articles on Tolkappiyam, ancient Tamil grammar, by Tolkappiyar.
On the life and works of Akilan, b. 1922, Tamil author.
Anthology by authors from Tirunelveli District in Tamil Nadu.
Study on the Vaishnavite temples of Tamil Nadu.
Contributed articles on Anvar Shaikh, b. 1928, Urdu short story writer.
Life and works of Majrooh Sultanpuri, b. 1919, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
Critical evaluation of Karpura Vasantarayalu, a poetic work by C. Narayana Reddy, b. 1931, Telugu poet.
Biography of Pulijala Rangaravu, 1901-1998, veteran Gandhian and politician of Andhra Pradesh.
Collection of selected articles on the critical works of  Sampatkumaracarya, Kovela, a Telugu critic.
Evaluation of creative works of Vishwanath Satyanarayana, 1895-1976, Telugu author.
Collection of selected articles on novel as literary form in the context of modern Telugu novels and criticism.
Evaluation of critical works of Kovela Sampatkumaracarya.
Evaluation of the works of Kusuma Dharmanna, a Telugu Dalit poet.
Evaluation of critical works of G.V. Subrahmanyam, b. 1935, Telugu author and critic.
Contributed articles on the socio-economic disparities of Telengana, Andhra Pradesh.
Collection of poems by Ramaraja Bhushana, a Telugu poet; includes etymological interpretation and introduction by Sesadri Ramana.
Commentary on law of civil appeals and revisions in Burma.
Acts and regulations, 1959 of Burma, corrected upto July 1998.
Autobiographical reminiscences of a Burmese author about his youth.
Acts and regulations, 1961 of Burma, corrected upto Dec. 1999.
On administration of criminal justice in Burma.
Satires.
Autobiographical reminiscences of a Burmese author.
Author's sermons on Buddhist precepts.
With meanings in Burmese.
Early history of Buddhism in India and Burma.
Anthology.
On the path to emancipation from rebirths.
Pictorial humors.
Discourse on Satipatthana, Buddhist way of mindfulness.
On Buddhist practices and the religion in Burma.
Astrology, as practiced in Burma.
History of Kya Phru Rhan Bhu ra, Buddhist shrine in Mohnyin, Burma.
Buddhist monastic rules, as followed in Burma.
Qualities of a Buddha for enlightenment.
Counseling on domestic relations in the Burmese situation.
Chiefly critical comments and evaluation of Oriya literature.
Autobiographical reminiscences of a Burmese author.
On Burmese indigenous medicine; handbook for practitioners.
Buddhist concept of Nirvana, emancipation from sorrows.
On Buddhist teachings; articles.
Formula and prescription of Burmese medicine.
On Satipatthana, Buddhist doctrine on mindfulness; articles.
Commentary on Dighanikaya, section of Suttapitaka, Buddhist canonical text.
Concept of love and compassion in Buddhism.
Stories illustrating Buddhist precepts.
Study on Ravana, Hindu mythological character.
Contributed biographical articles on eminent Oriya teachers and educationists.
Study on Jnankara, Oriya literary journal; includes list of  articles published in the journal and its contribution to Oriya literature.
Study on the death sentence and trials of Nathuram Vinayak Godse, 1912-1949, assassin of Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948; includes analysis of Mahatma Gandhi's political image during independence.
Based on Oriya folk dance form, Dandanata in verses.
Published earlier in Pragatibadi, Oriya daily as a column.
On the works of Mir Babbar Ali Anis, 1802-1874 and Mirza Dabir, 1803-1875, Urdu poets.
Study on elements of love, time, and death in contemporary Oriya poetry.
Articles on contemporary Telugu short story writers.
Collection of selected articles on Telugu literary criticism.
Collection of selected articles on  Telugu classical literature.
Autobiography of a feminist activist from Andhra Pradesh, India.
Collection of 20th century Bengali poems.
Contributed articles on miscellaneous topics about Kushtia District of Bangladesh; commemoration volume released on the occasion of the 125th anniversary of Kushtia Municipality.
Military campaigns of 1971 revolution of Bangladesh; includes the role of various groups of armed forces.
Participation of women in lower levels of local government in Bangladesh and analysis of their changing socio-economic status.
Law regarding public safety in Bangladesh; includes latest amendments and comments.
Issues of land transit, transhipment and corridor facilities between India and Bangladesh and their impact on the bilateral relations between the two countries.
Articles chiefly on the 1952 Bengali language movement of Bangladesh.
On political conditions of newly formed Bangladesh between May and December, 1971; transcripts of talks presented by the author and broadcast by Radio, Bangladesh.
Brief biographical introductions on some 20th century Bengali poets from Bangladesh residing in United Kingdom.
Contributed articles on districtwise history of the 1952 Bengali language movement of erstwhile East Pakistan, now Bangladesh.
On the contribution of women in the liberation war of Bangladesh, 1971.
Articles on politics, administration and current state of affairs in Bangladesh since 1971.
Contributed articles on the political views of Ziaur Rahman, former president of Bangladesh.
On the political, economic, and social factors that affected the history of nationalism in Bengal from 1830 to 2000.
Articles on low-cost theatre production in Bangladesh by innovative ways using traditional techniques.
Collection of plays to create people's awareness towards environmental conservation; includes a few brief articles.
History of theatre movement in Khulna City of Bangladesh from 1971 to 2000.
On the Mowamariya peasant revolt in Assam during 1769 to 1806.
On the works of some 20th century Assamese authors.
On the life and works of Amarendranatha Datta, 1876-1916, Bengali playwright, actor, and producer of Bengali plays.
Riangs of Tripura, India.
Autobiographical account of a Bengali woman author; reproduced from her diary.
Historical account of the development and trend of Bengali painting from 17th to 20th century.
Articles on socio-political history of Bengal during 600-1800 A.D.; includes articles on Indian history.
Index to the sutras of Beda-mimamsa, work on Vedic interpretation, by Anirvan, b. 1896.
On Indian theater.
On the devastating effects of nuclear plants on Indian society specially on children, born and unborn.
Selections from Assamese literature by various authors.
Complete works of a 20th century Assamese author.
Compilation of 15th century Assamese poetry on Krishna (Hindu deity), written by Sankaradeva, 1449-1569, and Madhavadeva, 1489-1596, Assamese poets; includes introductory comments.
History of Gauhati, India; articles.
Collection of autobiographies of women from Assam, India.
Complete collection of short stories by a 20th century Assamese writer.
Critical articles on Assamese short stories.
On the development of Assamese language as a modern national language.
Articles chiefly on Assamese dramatic literature.
Three parts of Assamese Ramayana by two different authors.
Articles on painting and sculpture.
Dictionary of words in Karen language into Burmese and English.
Political developments in Burma since 1948 till present, and the alleged violation of the constitution by the present government.
Hindu daily prayers.
History of the Mongols.
Dictionary of mathematics, physics, and chemistry.
Research papers on the Mongolian language.
Genealogy of Chichancha, a sub-caste of Kirantis of Nepal.
Travel impressions of Australia and France by a Nepalese diplomat.
On the struggle of tea plantation workers of Darjeeling District, India.
Contributed articles on history and practices of Buddhism in Orissa, India.
Anthology of short stories collection by representative Oriya authors.
Sanskrit text with Oriya translation of Kapilapurana, Hindu mythological text about sacred places of Orissa, India.
Critical articles on aspects of modern Oriya poetry from last decade of 20th century and works of five main modern poets.
Autobiography of an Oriya author.
Study on post modernist trends in Oriya fiction.
Adaptation of Bhamakalapamu by Swami Siddhendra.
On Tamil medicine.
On Siddha system of Indic medicine in Tamil Nadu..
Life and works of Sabir Dat, b. 1938, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
Entire collection of poems of an Oriya poet.
Articles on various aspects of Hinduism and culture.
Selections of rare essays and book reviews by an Oriya critic.
Articles on Hindu ethics and religious life.
Based on mythological women characters from Mahabharata.
Contributed articles on life and works of Bisvajita Dasa, b. 1936, Oriya dramatist and playwright.
Biographical articles on life and works of Oriya authors from Satyabadi phase in history of Oriya literature, 1910-1921.
Anthology of poems by contemporary poets of Nepal.
On Hadibadeya dharma, Kannada poem by Sanciya Honnama, 17th cent.
Complete essays of a Kannada author.
Contributed articles on the works of Kumaravyasa, fl. 1419-1446, Kannada poet.
Folklore of Tamil Nadu based on the author's travel impressions.
Original with prose rendering of a Kannada verse work.
Thesaurus of Kannada language.
Commentary on Mankutimmana kagga, philosophical poem in Kannada by D.V. Gundappa.
Study on literary concepts in Kannada.
On the life and work of Kaujalagi Ningavva, folk theater actress from Karnataka.
Study on Ananthanatha puranam, Kannada poem by Janna.
Text and explanation of Adipurana, ancient Kannada verse work.
Study on Asvatthaman, Kannada play by Bi. Em. Srikanthayya, 1884-1946.
Folklore travelog of Maharashtra.
Papers on Kannada literature from South Kanara District, presented at Second Session of Sulya Taluku Kannada Sahitya Sammelana, organized in Panja during 2000.
On the life and works of U.R. Anantha Murthy, b. 1932, Kannada author; contributed articles.
Pictorial work on contemporary Yaksagana, Kannada and Tulu folk theater form.
Sudy on the life and works of Sarasvatibayi Rajavade, b. 1913, Kannada author.
Festschrift honoring Es. Ke. Padmadevi, Kannada actress; comprises contributed articles on her life and work.
Contributed articles on Kota Shivarama Karanth, b. 1902, Kannada author.
Kannada folk epic as sung by Daroji Iramma.
Articles on the history of Karnataka.
Biography of Bi. Vi. Karanta, Indian theater and motion picture actor and director.
Memoirs of various authors about Ti. Pi. Kailasam, Kannada author.
Complete works of a Kannada fiction writer.
Articles on 20th century Kannada literature.
Account of the author's tours by foot to various places in Karnataka.
On Kannada grammar.
On the works of Harihara, medieval Kannada poet.
Comparative study on Tamil and Kannada literatures.
Land revenue history of Purnia District, Bihar.
Contributed articles on the works of Jibanananda Das, 1899-1954, Bengali poet.
Critical articles on the works of five Bengali poets of the 20th century.
Critical articles on the works of Premendra Mitra, Bengali author.
Critical articles on Bengali literature.
Study on Muslim characters and society as found in Bengali literature.
Memoirs of Santikumara Dasagupta, b. 1914, Indian freedom fighter and later political activist from Bengal, about the political situation; covers the period 1930 to 2000.
On corrupt practices in Indian politics after 1947.
Articles on the characterization of people from lower social strata as found in Bengali drama of 20th century.
Articles on modern concepts of science and their relation to Indian philosophical ideas.
On Krishna, Hindu deity; includes critical comments.
Articles chiefly on the culture of Bengal.
Anthology of short stories by Bengali women authors.
Critical articles chiefly on Bengali literature.
History of Tripura, India.
Study on the folk elements found in Bengali narrative poetry of 15th to 17th century.
On Sri Venkatesvara (Hindu deity).
Souvenir published on the occasion of a seminar on importance of tribal and regional languages in Jharkhand Region, India; papers presented during 23-24 August, 1997.
Gazetteer of Karnataka State.
Complete works of a Kannada religious poet.
Critical articles on the history of Bengali dramatic literature from 900 B.C. to 1700 A.D.
On the works of Jarasandha, b. 1904, Bengali author; birth centenary commemorative volume of contributed articles.
Study of the influence of songs of the Dalits on the writings of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941.
Critical articles on the creative elements and basic formatives of folk tales.
On the life and work of Dwarkanath Tagore, 1794-1846, businessman and entrepreneur from Bengal, India.
Dance notations for various genres of Indian dance, with special reference to some typical dance forms prevalent in West Bengal, India.
Critique on the novel "Seshera kabita" by Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941.
Critical articles on Bengali novels, articles, and essays of 20th century.
Critical articles on Bengali literature.
Study on "Gambhira", a folk festival of West Bengal, India, in which "Gambhira" songs are sung.
On Viragase, Kannada folk theater form.
Songs for Kolata, folk dance from Karnataka.
On the life and works of Si. En. Jayalaksmidevi, b. 1931, Kannada author.
Biography of General Kodendera Subayya Thimayya, 1906-1965, former chief of Indian Army.
Exposition of Abhidharma philosophy of Theravada Buddhism.
Criminal practices in Burma.
On the doctrine of Karma in Buddhist concept.
On the life and works of Maha Chve, 1900-1953, Burmese literary author.
Anthology.
Selected articles, chiefly, on post-1988 politics and alleged anti-national activities of National League for Democracy in Burma.
On post-1988 politics and the alleged anti-national activities of National League for Democracy in Burma; articles.
Prize winning short stories of a competition held in memory of Jeyya, b. 1900, Burmese author.
Puppet theater and puppet making in Burma.
Humors.
Articles on post-1988 politics in Burma.
Social conditions of Burmese women.
Includes auto-commentary on his technique of writing on each of the 5 short stories.
About the University; contributed articles.
Articles on Burmese laws.
Sculptures and decorative stonework in Syhac Son Pu thui to, Buddhist shrine in Myohaung, Arakan State, Burma.
Ghost stories.
On contemporary Burmese literature.
On Burmese theater and socioeconomic conditions of comedians; interviews with Burmese stage comedians from Mandalay.
About King Mindon, 1814-1878 of Burma.
Acts and rules on displaying of national emblem of Burma.
Law of national flag of Burma.
Hsawngsup and Singkaling Hkamti Laws and Criminal Justice Order, 1926 applicable to the erstwhile states of Hsawngsup and Singkaling Hkamti in Shan States.
Buddhist doctrines; explained in question and answer form.
Burmese medicine; formulae and prescriptions.
Agricultural yields in Burma.
On Krishna and Radha, Hindu deities.
Collection of 20th century love poems.
Articles on various aspects of Malayalam language.
Critical essays on Malayalam literature.
Biography of Mattai Mannuran, a political leader from Kerala, India.
On the philosophy of Srinarayanaguru, a Hindu saint and social reformer from Kerala, India.
Critical study on the folklore of Kerala.
Collection of articles on M. Govindan, b. 1919, a Malayalam poet and critic; includes brief biographical sketches.
Chronicle of all the important events in the world during the 20th century.
Study on the works of Vi. Ke. En., b. 1933, a Malayalam satirist.
Collection of best short stories written in 20th century with brief biogrpahical sketches of the authors.
Study on the social life and practices in Bengal during the period of 1200-1538 A.D. as reflected in the coins and stone inscriptions of that period.
Analysis of past annual budgets of the Bangladesh government in the context of national development and participation of people in its planning.
On political events of Bangladesh after 1971.
Anthology of poems about the 1971 revolution of Bangladesh.
Contributed articles on transit corridor facility through Bangladesh affecting the bilateral relations between the two countries-India and Bangladesh.
Study on the essays and articles written by Kazi Nazrul Islam, 1899-1976; Bengali author.
Articles on social and political issues of pre and post independent Bangladesh during 1950s to 1990s.
Text of laws to contain oppression of women and children, and on abolition of dowry in Bangladesh; includes comments and high-court judgements.
Glossary of business terms from English to Bengali; terms as used in Bangladesh.
Fictionalized account of the author's reminiscences about incidents in the 1971 revolution in Bangladesh.
Articles on contemporary politics and administration in Bangladesh.
Study of the influence of folk art in the cover designs of books produced from Bangladesh.
On the economic policies of the government of Bangladesh from 1971 to 2000.
History of 1971 liberation war of Bangladesh with special reference to the role of Si. Ara. Datta, b. 1927, army official in that war; now retired.
Biography of Abdura Raupha Caudhuri, 1929-1996, Bengali author from Bangladesh.
Verse play.
Subject compilation of laws regarding vested and abandoned properties in Bangladesh; includes latest amendments and circulars.
Political history of Bangladesh from 1972 to 1999.
A glossary of Bengali words characteristic to Chittagong Division, Bangladesh.
Selected reproductions of art by various artists from Bangladesh; includes their short biographical introductions.
Selected reproductions of art by various artists from Bangladesh; includes their short biographical introductions.
Selected art-work reproductions of Hasema Khana, b. 1941, painter from Bangladesh; includes contributed articles on his life and work.
Life and work of Santalingappa Patila, 1882-1976, painter from Karnataka.
Collection of songs of the Bauls; includes study on their history and philosophy; includes musical letter notations.
Study on Zhamukha, friend and rival of Genghis Khan, 1162-1227, Mongol ruler.
Classical work on the history of Mongols.
Collection of articles on uses of Telugu language.
On the caste of characters in Indian Sanskrit epic literature.
On Mahaprasthanam a poetical work by Sri Sri, b. 1910, a Telugu poet.
Articles on Urdu literature.
On medieval Telugu literature.
On how World Bank reforms in Andhra Pradesh in early 90's led to raised electricity tariff and on the need for opposing both.
Etymological interpretation of Sumatisatakamu Telugu verse work; includes text.
Folk songs.
Picture book on police brutality on citizens protesting against electricity price hike on 08/28/00 in Hyderabad, India.
Picture book on police brutality on citizens protesting against electricity price hike on 08/28/00, Hyderabad, India.
Literary memoirs of a Telugu critic and educator.
Complete works of a Telugu poet.
Contributed articles on the impact of World Trade Organization (WTO) on the developing countries with special focus on India; originally presented in a seminar held at Hyderabad on Nov. 28, 1999.
On caste in Telugu folk literature of Telengana region of the state of Andhra Pradesh.
Selected essays of an Assamese author.
Collection of articles on varied issues of contemporary Telugu literature.
Selected short stories by various 20th century Telugu authors.
On the socio-economic status of backward castes of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Collected editorials on Telugu literary topics.
Collection of poems, short stories, and essays.
On the contributions of women revolutionaries in uprising of 1940's in Telengana region.
On revisionist tendencies in feminist criticism in the context of a  debate on Marxism in Andhra Pradesh, India.
On the politics of providing Krishna River (India) water to twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad, India and its economic implications.
Collection of articles on select contemporary Indian political issues.
On development projects implemented by the government of Andhra Pradesh focussing on the economic upliftment of women.
Commemoration volume on Vegunta Mohanaprasad, Telugu poet on the occasion of his retirement; comprises contributed articles on his life and works and a few poems on him.
Glossary of words used by Nazir Akbarabadi, 1740-1830, Urdu poet in his poems, with a critical introduction.
Life and works of Abbas Ali Khan Bekhvud, 1906-1969, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
On the works of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938, Urdu and Persian poet.
On the works of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938, Urdu and Persian poet.
On the life and works of Muhammad Anvarullah Faruqi, 1848-1918, Indian Islamic scholar.
Life and works of Krishan Chandar, Urdu fiction writer.
Life and works of Sulaiman Arib, 1922-1970, Urdu poet.
On the life of Abdussubhan Azami Umari, Indian Islamic scholar; contributed articles.
Complete works; critically edited.
On the efficacy of Buddhist prayers to ward off evil; illustrated by stories and articles.
Contributed articles on the Gandhian philosophy in the modern day context.
On philosophical aspects of literature.
Devotional poems addressed to Jagannatha (Hindu deity), enshrined at Puri, Orissa.
On the cult of Jagannatha, Hindu deity; based on two manuscripts (1617-1620) of Orissan dynasties.
On the cult of Jagannatha (Hindu deity) in Sonepur District in India and its depiction in the poetry of Bhima Bhoi, 1852-1895, Oriya saint poet.
Depiction of Radha (Hindu deity) in Indic literature; a study.
Old Mongolian calligraphy.
Japanese-Mongolian dictionary.
History of Mongolian army during World War II, 1939-1945.
Autobiographical memoirs of a Mongolian author.
Collection of journalistic articles and memoirs of a Mongolian author and scholar; published on his 95th birth anniversary.
On Mongolian traditional customs.
English-Mongolian business dictionary.
Mongolian traditional medicine for animals.
Pedagogical heritages inherited from Genghis Khan, 1162-1227, Mongol ruler, and its significance for present generation.
On ceremonial traditional prayers on Genghis Khan, 1167-1227, Mongol ruler, chanted in his holy places in Inner Mongolia.
Autobiographical memoirs of a Mongolian author Dendeviin Purevdorzh.
Some important events in Parlament, the Mongolian parliament.
Biographies and sporting achievements of national wrestling champions of Mongolia.
Mongolian conversation and phrase book.
On Mongolian race horses.
On the life of Uttamakumara, 1926-1980, Bengali film actor.
Articles on the works of Jibanananda Das, 1899-1954, Bengali poet.
Critical articles on the life and works of some 20th century Bengali authors.
On the enviroment-conscious architecture of the buildings of the Santiniketan Ashram, founded by Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941.
On the folk martial arts and dance forms found in the rural belts of West Bengal, India.
Autobiographical account of Rabina Mukharji, Communist leader and former minister from West Bengal.
Diary of a political activist, member of Communist Party of India (Marxist), and advocate from West Bengal, India.
Commemorative volume of contributed articles on the life and work of Binaya Caudhuri, 1911-2000, minister and communist leader from West Bengal.
Autobiographical account of a 20th century Bengali author.
Comparison of the concept of death in Hinduism and Hindu philosophy with that of science.
Aesthetics of the paintings of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941, and Abanindranath Tagore, 1871-1951.
Genealogical history of the Dam family of merchants from Calcutta, India.
Impact of Communist movement on the social conditions of Bengal.
Complete collection of plays by a Bengali playwright and author.
Critique on an anthology of poems named "Punasca" by Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941.
Study on the elements of fairy tales found in the poems and songs of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941.
Collection of seven minor Buddhist liturgical texts.
Life and work of Em. Ramanarasayya, b. 1922, painter from Karnataka.
On folklore from Karnataka; includes directory of folk artists from Karnataka.
Study on Kannada language.
Complete works of a Kannada author.
Brief biography of Je. Es. Khanderav, b. 1940, painter from Karnataka; includes reproduction of his selected art works.
On the life and work of Es. Es. Munoli, b. 1941, Indian painter; includes his selected art works.
Brief biography of Vijaya Sindhura, b. 1940, painter from Karnataka; includes reproduction of his selected art works.
Brief biography of Em. Bi. Patila, b. 1939, painter from Karnataka; includes reproduction of his selected art works.
Contributed articles presented at a workshop on post-independence numismatics in Karnataka.
Sri Lankan folklore.
Study of Sri Lankan folk traditions.
Anthology of folk poems from Panam Pattu, eastern Sri Lanka.
Biography of Candrasena Daluvatta, lawyer from Sri Lanka.
Folk songs of the Kukulu area in the Sabaragamuwe Province of Sri Lanka; a study.
Folk poems based on a region in Ruhuna, Sri Lanka.
List of eminent personalities of Sri Lanka.
Ancient folktales of Sri Lanka.
Cultural life and history of Jaffna Kingdom, Sri Lanka.
Folklore of Saparagamuve, Sri Lanka.
Study on folk poems of Saparagamuve, Sri Lanka.
Sinhalese life-style (cultural and traditional) depicted in folk poems; research study.
Account of the reign of Nissankamalla, King of Ceylon, 1187-1196.
Importance of Rabana (small drum played with fingers) in Sinhalese folk music; a social study.
Folklore of southern Sri Lanka; a story.
Collection of folk tales of the Central Province, Sri Lanka.
Study of the works of renowned poet Mihiripanne Dhammaratna, 1768-1851, leading poet of the Matara literary period of Sri Lanka.
Traditional low country dance.
On political ongoings in contemporary Andhra Pradesh.
History of Bankura District of West Bengal, India from 400 AD to 1947.
On the life and works of Yatindranatha Senagupta, 1887-1954, Bengali poet.
Felicitation volume of contributed articles on the life and works of Gopalacandra Raya, 20th century Bengali writer.
Critical articles on the fictional works of some 20th century Bengali authors.
On the life and works of Swami Paramananda Sarasvati, d. 1980, 20th century Bengali poet.
On Krishna (Hindu deity); includes critical commentary.
On the life and works of Shah Muinuddin Ahmad Nadvi, b. 1902; Indian Muslim Islamic scholar; contributed articles.
On the works of Premacanda, 1881-1936, Hindi/Urdu fiction writer.
Contributions of Vaisesika philosophy to Ayurvedic medicine; a study.
Folk songs, without musical notation, sung to the accompaniment of drums.
Thesaurus of Assamese language.
On the life and works of Rahim Sopuri, a noted Kashmiri poet, includes sample of his works.
Life and work of Kashmiri dramatist Muhammad Subhan Bhagat, 1927-1993; includes the author's selections.
Some ancient Sinhalese writers and their works.
Sacred tooth relic of the Buddha enshrined in Sri Lanka; a research study based on folklore.
About Sinhala cinema and film reviews; includes critical reviews of 29 Sinhala films.
On the life and works of Bhabendra Natha Saikiya, b. 1932, 20th century Assamese author; anthology of articles.
Emergence and growth of Tamil literature from central highlands of Sri lanka.
Study of the works of Sankaradeva, 1449-1569, mystic poet of Assam.
On the life and works of Kanakadasa, 1509-1607, Kannada religious poet.
Autobiographical account of a former director general of police, Tamil Nadu.
Autobiography of a woman Hindustani musician.
Biography of George Fernandes, b. 1930, Indian politician.
History of Konkani Christians in coastal areas of Karnataka.
Compilation of Konkani proverbs.
Editorials, previously published in a Konkani daily.
On the influence of Kavirajamarga, ancient work on Kannada grammar by Amoghavarsa, 814-880, on the formation of Karnataka.
On the life and works of Purandaradasa, 1484-1564, Kannada religious poet.
Contributed articles on sustainable development; with special reference to Karnataka.
Critical study of Assamese short stories starting from 19th century.
Study of Assamese poetry.
Judiciary on formation of patent law court in Thailand and regulation governing case proceedings.
Trademark, copyright, and patent laws of Thailand.
Constitutional law related to political parties, office of election commission, election of members of the House of Representative, and the Senate, 1998, Thailand.
Includes self criticism of his plays.
Answers of various 20th century Kannada authors, for the question what makes them write.
Articles on Konkani language.
Konkani translation of the Bible.
Contributed articles on the history of Barddhaman District, India.
Study on Bengali political novels published during 1947-1977.
On the life and works of a folk singer and composer from West Bengal; includes sampling of his songs.
Study on the influence of the Italian Renaissance on the culture and literature of Bengal in the 18th & 19th century.
On the life and work of Bipinakrshna Ghosha, 1898-1980, college teacher from West Bengal, India.
Study on Assamese poetry starting from 1000 A.D.
Complete works of a 20th century Assamese author.
Study on the folk lyrics and plays of Krshnaprasada Behera, 1917-1971, Oriya poet and playwright.
On Burmese literature; articles.
Burmese historical fiction.
On the life of Mogok Sayadaw Shin Vimala, 1900-1962, Burmese Buddhist monk.
On Pratityasamutpada, Buddhist doctrine of reflections on the causes of transmigration.
On the life and works of Ban mo Tan On, Burmese author; contributed articles.
Cartoons on socio-economic conditions of Burma.
Almanac, 2000.
Cartoons on socio-economic undercurrents in Burma.
On Buddhist cultural heritage in Burma.
Anthology of humorous stories, told by Burmese Buddhist priests.
Discourses on Satipatthana, Buddhist doctrine on mindfulness.
On availing bank loans for doing business in Burma.
On the life of Lu thu U Lha, 1910-1977, Burmese author; contributed articles, brought out to mark his 90th birth anniversary.
Author's reminiscences of the battle of Ci ci vam Ta pan, Burma, encountering the militants of Burmese Communist Party.
Regulations of monastic laws in Burma.
Notes on excise tax law in Burma.
On the benefits of reciting Pattana, Buddhist canon in verses; articles.
Burmese cookery.
History of Mra sa lvan Ceti, Buddhist pagoda in Magwe, Burma.
Portion of Hindu mythological text; Sanskrit text with Telugu verse translation.
Souvenir on 50 years of Mran ma A myui sa mi mya Phvam phrui Tui tak re A san (Myanmar Women's Development Association); comprises, chiefly, articles about the Association.
Reference to post-1988 situation.
Collection of Telugu political cartoons.
On Telugu poetry of Telengana; based on Mandumula Narasingaravu's "50 samvatsarala Haidarabadu".
On the political profile of Bangaru Laksman, dalit and political leader of Andhra Pradesh.
On cultural nationalism from the Hindutva point of view; theorizing in the context of India.
On the life of Vasistha Ganapatimuni, Hindu religious leader.
On political history of Andhra Pradesh from the year 1920 to the year 2000.
Anthology of Telugu one-act plays performed at a state level competition.
On journalistic values of newspapers of yesteryears, 1850-1950, published from Andhra Pradesh, India.
Scripts of programmes given by popular Telugu mimicry artist.
Proceedings of 4th national seminar on AIDS disease in Thailand.
Study on ethnology and ethnic relations of Nan Province, Thailand; volume brought out at the inauguration ceremony of Nan national museum by Princess Sirindhorn of Thailand on August 14, 1987.
Verse translation of Hindu classical work; includes Sanskrit text.
On Telugu religious literature.
On comical characters in Dravidian drama.
On art forms in Telugu folk literature.
Adaptation of plays of Anton Pavlovich Chekhov, 1860-1904, a Russian playwright; and Karel Capek, 1890-1938, a Czech playwright.
Adaptation of short stories of chiefly of William Saroyan, b. 1908, and other western authors.
Adaptation of Prestuplenie i nakazanie (Crime and punishment) by Fyodor Dostoyevsky, 1821-1881, a Russian novelist and playwright.
On culture in Telugu literature; covers the period, 1100-1400, Kakatiya dynasty.
Articles on Kanyasulkamu, the first Telugu modern play by Gurujada Venkata Apparao, 1861-1915; includes some critical responses.
Life and works of Ghiyas Ahmad Gaddi, 1928-1986, Urdu fiction writer; contributed articles.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Unvan Cishti, b. 1937, Urdu scholar, critic and poet.
Life and works of Majrooh Sultanpuri, b. 1919, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
Travel impressions and on various aspects of Islam with reference to India by an Indian Islamic scholar.
Commentary, with text, on Nama-ghosha, Vaishnavite devotional poetry on Krishna, Hindu deity, by Madhavadeva, 1489-1596.
Critical study of Assamese novels starting from late nineteenth century.
For children.
History of Punjab.
On the life and works of Madhavadeva, 1489-1596, Assamese author and philosopher.
On the social life and customs of Rabha (Indic people) based in Assam, India.
Index of Sac, an Urdu weekly.
Folk poetry of Sabaragamuwa province, Sri Lanka; an anthology, with an attempt to perceive the taste, culture, and society of the place.
On the relevance of Marxism in offering solutions to social problems faced by Dalits in India.
On the situation of coal miners of Singareni Collieries Company in Singareni, India.
Study on the baul songs of Lalana Saha, 1774-1890, Baul saint-poet from Bangladesh; includes texts of his songs.
Contributed articles on feminism and women's rights with special reference to India and Bangladesh; includes translations from more than six languages.
Contributed articles on the life and work of Kaji Bahauddina Ahameda, 1926-1998, social worker and political activist from Barisal District, Bangladesh; commemorative volume.
Study on the art and architecture of temples (mostly Hindu temples), of Erode in Tamil Nadu; papers presented at a seminar held at Govt. Museum, Chennai.
Collection of short stories published in Ajkal, Urdu monthly.
Political history of Assam, India from 1940 to 1990 with focus on regionalism.
Critical study on Assamese literature starting from 14th century.
Study on Assamese short stories as influenced by the writings of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941, Bengali author.
On rituals and culture of Vaishnavite missionary institutions (sattra) of Assam.
History of Assamese language and script.
Biography of Abulhasan Ali Nadvi, b. 1913, Indian Islamic scholar.
On the works of Qamar Azam Hashmi, Urdu scholar and critic.
Early history of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Life and works of Rashidulkhairi, 1868-1936, Urdu novelist.
Sri Lankan Muslims' perspective on the tenth general election in Sri Lanka.
Study on Assamese literature.
On some aspects of language and literature of Assam.
Festschrift honoring Ec. Yoganarasimham, 1897-1971, Carnatic musician; comprises contributed articles on his life and work, published on his birth centenary.
Articles, chiefly on 20th century Urdu literature.
Compilation of the author's forewords to various Kannada poetic works.
On the work of Bi. Vi. Karanta, Kannada theater and motion picture actor and director.
Prose rendering of Siddharama caritra, ancient Kannada verse work by Raghavanka.
On the depiction of Karnataka in 20th century Kannada autobiographies; a study.
Dictionary of Kannada verbs.
On the role of software in preserving Kannada manuscripts in digital form.
Articles, chiefly on Kannada literature and a few on globalization.
History of various movements during 20th century in Karnataka.
Articles on Kavirajamarga, classical work on Kannada grammar by Amoghavarsa, 814-880.
Based on Cilappatikaram, ancient epic poem dealing with the story of Kovalan and Kannaki, one of pancakaviyam, by Ilankovatikal.
On the life and works of K.V. Subbanna, Kannada author.
On Tipu Sultan, Fath Ali, Nawab of Mysore, 1753-1799.
Articles on 20th century Kannada literature.
Articles on ancient Kannada literature.
Contributed articles presented at a seminar on Kannada folk literature.
Complete works of a Kannada Lingayat poet.
On architecture and sculpture of Hindu temples in South India; with special reference to Karnataka.
On Krishnadeva Raya, King of Vijayanagar, d. 1529 or 30.
On Hindu temple architecture in Karnataka.
Biography of Madhuracenna, 1903-1953, Kannada author.
On Dalits and globalization; a study.
On the life and work of U.R. Rao, b. 1932, Indian space scientist.
Catalog of paintings by painters from Karnataka, exhibited during 29 May-4 June 2000, by the Karnataka Lalitakala Akademi.
Catalog of paintings by painters from Karnataka, exhibited during 1-5 Feb. 2000, by Karnataka Lalitakala Akademi.
History of the Rangpur District of Bangladesh.
Study on Kannada language, literature, and civilization.
Articles on theories in folklore.
Exhaustive study on Yaksagana and its other forms, and on Yaksagana literature in Kannada.
Autobiographical reminiscences of a lawyer from Karnataka.
History of Cangalvara dynasty in Karnataka during 11th-17th centuries.
Complete works of a Kannada poet.
Tribal folk Ramayana, as sung by Timmappagonda, member of Gonda tribe in Karnataka.
Handbook on Karnataka.
On the role of women from Karnataka in India's freedom struggle, and on their representation in Kannada literature; contributed articles presented at a seminar.
Directory of 20th century Kannada authors.
Terminology of concepts in Indic poetics.
Critical articles on Assamese language and literature of 14th to 17th century.
On contemporary Assamese literature.
Critical articles on 20th century Assamese literature.
On the life and works of Hiren Gohain, b. 1939, Assamese author and political activist from Assam, India.
Study on Anka or Nat, traditional Assamese drama; includes its performing aspects.
Autobigraphy of an Assamese author.
Autobiographical memoirs of a teacher from Bangladesh depicting his life and times during 1925-1995.
Contributed articles on cultural history of Barlekha Thana, place in Bangladesh.
Contributed articles on the history, components and characteristics of Bengali folk drama.
On the history of Assamese literature.
Complete works of a 20th century Assamese writer.
In Oriya.
Study on the themes of complexity and post modernism in Bengali poetic literature, with special reference to Jibanananda Das, 1899-1954, Bengali poet.
Complete works of a 20th century Bengali author.
Handbook of Jagataballabhapura in Howrah District, India.
History of the Chalukyas of Rajasthan.
On the humorous side of the life of Isvaracandra Bidyasagara, 1820-1891, educator, social reformer, and writer from West Bengal, India.
Brief biographies on five Bengali women of the Tagore family, three of them were authors.
On the life and work of Sucitra Sena, Bengali cine actress from West Bengal, India.
Collection of a genre of Bengali folk songs from Bangladesh; includes introductory comments.
Articles chiefly on Bengali literature.
Collection of selected novels of a 20th century Bengali author.
Commemorative volume of contributed memoirs comprising articles and poems on the life and works of Narena Bisvasa, phonetician, critic, and university teacher from Bangladesh; includes sampling of his articles on Bengali language and literature.
Short stories and poems.
Travel account of the author's visit to North America.
Articles chiefly on political issues in Bangladesh since 1971; includes accounts of author's participation in some political events.
List of people arrested between December 1971 and March 1972 as collaborators and helpers of the occupation force of Pakistan during the liberation war in Bangladesh.
Contributed articles on political and administrative issues of CHT Region, Bangladesh.
Contributed articles on the life and time of Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy, 1892-1962, prime minister of Pakistan, 1956-1957, and politician from Bangladesh.
Life and works of Jazbi, b. 1912, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
On the works of Mirza Asadullah Khan Ghalib, 1797-1869, Urdu and Persian poet.
On the works of Mirza Asadullah Khan GHalib, 1797-1869, Urdu and Persian poet.
Life and works of Nurulhasan Hashimi, b. 1913, Urdu scholar and critic; contributed articles.
Life and works of Muhammad Bahadur Shah II, King of Delhi, 1775-1862, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
On the works of Shaikh Muhammad Ibrahim Zauq, 1789-1854, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
Index to Bhagavatapurana, Hindu mythologiacal text.
On Islamic economics of Bangladesh.
Commemorative volume of contributed articles on the life and work of Khondakara Manoyara Hosena, 1930-1999, statistician, university teacher, and founder of Parisamkhyana Bibhaga, Rajasahi Bisvabidyalaya, Rajshahi, Bangladesh; includes articles on statistics.
On the life and work of Manikrshna Sena, 1903-1991, political leader and member of Communist Party of Bangladesh.
On land use, and land tenure in Bangladesh; includes articles on land laws.
Articles on political sociology of Bangladesh.
On the role and contribution of Bengali community, residing in United Kingdom, in the 1971 liberation war of Bangladesh.
Autobiographical.
Souvenir published on the occasion of the 35th anniversary of the Bharatiya Anuvada Parishada; lists the Indic writers awarded by the Parishada and briefly accounts the work of the awardees who have translated from various modern Indic languages.
On the lives and works of Ali Sardar Jafari, b. 1913 and Majrooh Sultanpuri, b. 1919, Urdu poets; contributed articles.
Comprises dates of birth and death of Urdu writers.
On the works of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938, Urdu and Persian poet.
On various aspects of Islam.
Arguments and counter arguments by three writers chiefly on Urdu fiction; already published in a Urdu journal.
Critical study on Moplah songs from Kerala, India.
Collection of essays on art and literature in Kerala, India.
Collection of artciles on the President's rule during 1975-1977.
On Hinduism and state with special reference to the activities of Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh, fundamentalist political party from India.
On humor in the writings of Tamil literary authors; with special reference to Kalki, 1899-1954.
Critical study of the Tamil translations of Bible.
On Tamil poetics.
Commentary on Tiruvarunaik kalampakam, hymns in praise of Siva, Hindu deity, by Ellappa Navalar, Tamil Saivite poet.
Commentary on Muvarula, verse work in praise of three Chola Kings, by Ottakkuttar, 12th century Tamil poet.
Critical essays on Tamil motion picture.
Cultural history of Tamil Nadu, and the Tamils.
Collected poems of Na. Pichamurthi, 1900-1976, Tamil author.
On the history and growth of Tipam, a literary Tamil monthly.
Collection of liturgical texts for the preliminary practice of the Klon-chen snin thig tradition of Rdzogs-chen (Rnin-ma-pa) teachings.
Anthology by Malaysian authors.
Selected letters of Kalki, 1899-1954, Tamil author.
Study on feminism in the works of Kampar, 9th century Tamil poet.
Critical interpretation of Ayottiya kantam, part of Ramayanam, epic poetry on Rama, Hindu deity, by Kampar, 9th century Tamil poet; includes original text.
On Tamil grammar.
Folklorists' contribution to the cultural history of Tamil Nadu.
Selected short stories of a Tamil author.
Study on the characters in the works of Kampar, 9th century Tamil poet.
Study of free verse in modern Tamil literature.
Study on contemporary Tamil theatre.
Motion picture songs; without music.
Folk drama, based on Ramayana, epic poem on Rama, Hindu deity, by Valmiki.
On the art and culture of Dalits in India.
Anthology of poems, short stories, and literary essays; published on the 50th birth anniversary of Ve. Mu. Potiyaverpan, Tamil author.
Encyclopaedia of books related to Tamil literature of Sangam period.
Comprises essays, short stories, and poems; silver jubilee issue of Vacantam, Tamil bimonthly journal.
By different authors.
On the contribution to Tamil literature by Ci. Vai. Tamotarampillai, 1832-1901, scholar and Tamil author.
Study on Parimelalakar urai, commentary on Tirukkural, ancient Tamil didactic poetry, by Tiruvalluvar, Tamil poet.
Author's reminiscenses of Paratitacan, 1891-1964, Tamil author.
On the life of K. Kamaraj, 1903-1975, Indian statesman.
Original text of an ancient Tamil didactic verse work; includes commentary and interpretation.
Selected essays, short stories, poems, and interviews from Kanaiyali, literary monthly journal in Tamil.
Critical interpretation of Kitkinta kantam, part of Ramayanam, epic poem on Rama, Hindu deity, by Kampar, 9th century Tamil poet; includes original text.
Critical interpretation of Araniya kantam, part of Ramayanam, epic poem on Rama, Hindu deity, by Kampar, 9th century Tamil poet; includes original text.
Selected poems, short stories, essays, and book reviews from Cupamankala, literary monthly journal in Tamil.
Commentary on Periyapuranam, verse hagiography of Tamil Saivite leaders, by Cekkilar, 12th century Tamil poet; includes original text.
Social life and customs of Vathiriyars, a caste group in Tamil Nadu.
Collection of short stories from the writers of Neyveli, India.
Selections from the works of Jeyakantan, b. 1934, Tamil author.
Dictionary of Tamil literary terms.
Includes notes, interpretation, and brief introduction about the characters.
Commentary on Nantik kalampakam, poem on Nantivarman III, fl. 830-850, a Pallava king.
On Tamil civilization; papers presented at a seminar.
Art and architecture of Tamils, in the ancient period.
On the life of Arumuga Navalar, 1822-1879, Saivite leader and Tamil scholar from Sri Lanka.
On flowers, in Tamil literature.
Descriptive analysis on the views of Paratitacan, 1891-1964, Tamil poet, on the writings of Paratiyar, 1882-1921, Tamil litterateur and Indian freedom fighter.
Research articles on socio-cultural transformation after the advent of modernity in Tamil society.
On education in Tamil Nadu; interview of Ve. Vacanti Tevi, b. 1938, academician and former vice chancellor of Manonmaniyam Sundaranar University, by Cuntara Ramacami, b. 1931, Tamil literary author.
Study on the works of Ar. Sanmukacuntaram, 1918-1977, Tamil fiction writer.
Contributed articles on the cultural traditions of Tamils.
Complete works of a Tamil poet.
Study on a folk poetry; includes the original.
Study on the worship of Hanuman, Hindu deity, in Tamil literature.
Includes reviews.
Anthology.
Commentary on Kuruntokai, ancient Tamil poetry on love theme; includes original text.
Study on the writings of Es. Kulacekaran, Tamil literary author; contributed articles.
On the actors and actresses of Tamil motion pictures, during 1930 to 1970.
Critical interpretation on Palakantam, part of Ramayanam, epic poetry on Rama, Hindu deity, by Kampar, 9th century Tamil poet; includes original text.
Critical interpretation of Cuntarakantam, part of Ramayanam, epic poetry on Rama, Hindu deity, by Kampar, 9th century Tamil poet; includes original work.
Study of Kuruntokai, love poetry of Sangam period.
Complete short stories of a Tamil author.
Complete short stories of a Tamil author.
"Reproduced from clear prints from the early 15th century Western Tibet block belonging to Tshul-khrims-bskal-bzan."
Autocommentary on Prajnanaparamita philosophy of the Abhisamayalankara.
History of war between Mdo-khams chu bzi sgan drug bstan srun dan blans dmag, guerilla organization of Tibet and Chinese armies.
Guidebook for travel to the Buddhist holy palces of India.
Contributed verse eulogize depicting the life and works of Bstan-dzin-rgya-mtsho, Dalai Lama XIV.
Collection of speeches of XIV Dalai Lama predominantly on spiritual life and moral education.
Children's stories.
Compilation of major achievements of the XIV Dalai Lama.
Transcript of an interview with Khaleda Caudhuri, stage scenary painter, stage music composer, and singer from West Begal, India.
Dictionary of Bengali playwrights, actors, actresses, and persons associated with theater, both from West Bengal and Bangladesh, from 18th century onwards; includes institutions, organizations, etc.
Critical articles on the songs of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941, Bengali author.
Field study on the history and expansion of Shamanism in the tribal belts of Birbhum and Barddhaman Districts of West Bengal, India.
Handbook information on the economic and social conditions of the people residing in the western border districts of the state of West Bengal, India.
Anthology of modern poems; includes translations from more than six languages.
Critical study on 19th century contemporary society as reflected in the works of Bankim Chandra Chatterji, 1838-1894, Bengali author.
On the pollution of the Ganges River, portion flowing through India, with special reference to the state of West Bengal.
Fictional story on Krishna (Hindu deity).
Compilation of debates on dalit issues in contemporary Telugu literature.
On Kargil war.
Collection of poems on Telugu poets by different Telugu poets.
English-Telugu dictionary of neologisms dealing with official transactions.
On the plays of Atreya, b. 1921, Telugu author.
On the works of Nacana Somana, 14th cent. Telugu poet.
Selected songs; includes interpretation.
On film songs of Atreya, b. 1921, Telugu author.
History of the Mogul Empire during the reign of Aurangzeb, Emperor of Hindustan, 1618-1707 in the light of newspapers published from the kings court.
Life and works of Abdurrahman Bijnauri, 1885-1918, Urdu writer.
Teachings of a Ashin Janakabhivamsa, 1899-1977, Burmese Buddhist monk.
Writings of the statesman and leader of freedom struggle in Burma.
History of Buddhism in Pha kan District in Kachin State, Burma.
Collected writings of a Burmese author Jeyya, b. 1900; commemorative volume brought out to mark his birth centeneray.
Comprises photographic reproduction of award winning paintings and sculptures presented at the competitions held on the 55th anniversary of Burmese Armed Forces Day.
About May La mu Ceti, Buddhist pagoda in Okkalapa, Rangoon.
Commemorative volume brought out on the completion of construction of Sasana On lam Sim, ordination hall for Buddhist monks in Rangoon; comprises articles on the importance of an ordination hall.
Ancient Buddhist pagodas from Arakan State, Burma; in Burmese, with English translation.
Buddhist stories; retold.
Selected short stories and poems of two Burmese authors, with English translations.
Memoirs of a 20th century Burmese author about his travels to places in Burma.
Commemorative volume for Tedim No. 1 Basic Education High School; comprises articles on education status of Chin people of Tiddim, Burma.
Commemorative volume.
Highlights of activities of the Society since its inception in 1994.
History of Chu le Ceti to, pagoda in Rangoon, Burma.
Education in Burma.
Study on Burmese law relating to citizenship.
Commemorative volume on 55 years of Burmese armed forces; comprises award winning poems and songs of a competition held on the occasion.
On the life of Jeyya, b. 1900, Burmese author.
Teachings of a Burmese Buddhist monk on giving alms, with reference to Burmese context.
Teachings of a Burmese Buddhist monk on meditation.
On Vipasyana, form of Buddhist meditation, method as expounded by Maha cann Cha ra to A rhan Sobhana, 1904-1982.
Life and missionary work of a Burmese Buddhist monk A rhan Silanandabhivamsa.
On the history and legends of the Hindu temples at Ambalapulai in Kerala, India.
On authors travel to various places.
On authors travel to Gulf countries.
Collection of articles on Malayalam literature and cinema.
Articles on Malayalam literature.
On Western orientalism and Christianity in Kerala, India.
Screen plays.
Critical study on the plays of Si. Je. Tomas, 1918-1960.
Memoirs of a theatrical director from Kerala, India.
Critical study on the novels of C.V. Raman Pillai, Malayalam author.
Collection of articles on Malayalam poetry.
On the life and works of O.V. Vijayan, b. 1931, Malayalam author; published on the occasion of his 70th birthday.
Selected poems of Ullur Es. Paramesvarayyar, 1877-1949.
On history of Kerala, India.
On serpent workship and environmental protection in Kerala, India, according to Hindiusm.
Collection of 100 best poems written by various Malayalam authors during the last 100 years.
History of Koch Bihar District, India.
History of the streets of the city of Calcutta, India.
Foreign schools; Turkey; history, 1923-1938.
Arabic poetry.
Schistosomiasis; Saudi Arabia.
Poems.
Oil seeds; Industries; Arab countries; studies.
Agriculture; Sudan.
Short stories.
Free verse poetry.
Associations; management; Laws; Gaza Strip; West Bank.
Poetry.
Morocco; political, economic and social conditiions; history; 17th-18th century.
Judgement; laws and legislations; Morocco.
Jerusalem; Arab-Israeli conflict; history; congresses.
Novella.
Literary writings dedicated to the memory of Petik Herkerlean.
Hussein, Saddam, 1937-2006; kings and rulers; Iraq; politics and government; 20th century; biography.
Globalization; influences; technology; economics.
Muslim scholars; Sus (Morocco); fatwas; Islamic law; history; biography; Ph.D. dissertation.
Poetry.
Novel.
Novel.
Novel.
Zionism and new technology; conflict; Arab countries; national security.
Short stories.
A novel.
Manifesto of the Lesotho Congress for Democracy.
Manifesto for the Basotho National Party.
On the exhibition and bazaar organized to promote and introduce domestic produce and services of Ethiopia.
Early missionaries in Malawi.
A basic Yao language readers book.
On the exhibition and bazar held in Addis Ababa on April 16 to 25  1995, whose objective was to introduce the produce of domestic industries and handicrafts in Ethiopia.
On democracy in Ethiopia in the past, present, and future prospects.
On Rwandese court procedures regarding social problems.
Tswana grammar.
Poems.
A play.
A dictionary of sayings and idioms.
Short stories.
A novel.
A play.
A children's story.
A children's story.
On the inauguration of YaWarq Gur Qedus Gabrel church.
On termites and the different methods the Ugandans use to trap them.
A novel.
A novel.
On the history of Ethiopia.
On the archeology and history of Aksum in Ethiopia.
A novel.
On the general situation of Ethiopian indutrialists.
A novel.
Poems.
A novel.
A play based on the battle of Adwa between Ethiopia and Italy.
Poetry.
A scientific approach to the interpratation of Amharic poetry.
Poems.
A novel.
A novel.
This is a history of the region Fisakana and its people. It is a detailed study of the Betsileo people, their customs and legends.
Discusses the importance of Malagasy speeches and how to study to become an orator.
A guide for teachers of literature in Ganda language.
Poems.
On the Ganda language and alphabet.
Poems.
Autobiography of the author detailing his career in Uganda, how he was treated during the Amin regime, lost his property, his son was murdered and his subsequent flight into exile to Kenya.
On Ugandan legends and legendary figures.
On the historical growth and development of the Tigrinya language.
A novel.
A short story.
Outlines ten ethical guidelines towards achieving a free and fair election in Tanzania.
A novel.
On the role of the National Union of Eritrean Women in mass media, education, law, commerce, health and political power.
History and development of Kiswahili drama.
A novel.
Poems.
On nature and the environment, focusing on desertification.
Poems.
A play.
A collection of folk tales.
On Christian religion.
A short story.
On the Ugandan Martyrs.
The full content of the interview Isayas Afeworki, president of the State of Eritrea, gave to the journalists of Hadas Eritrea, on the 18th of September 2000, on Ethio-Eritrean war, and other current regional issues.
Collection of short folktales.
Lexical presentation of Kreole words based on common nouns, adjectives, verbs and adverbs.
A novel.
A novel.
Two short stories.
A novel.
A novel.
On spreading the gospel using indigenous proverbs, sayings and riddles of the Sukuma. They are used to illustrate Biblical messages about marriage and family.
Studies sects and new religious groups.
This is a response to President Didier Ratsiraka's speech of 9th February 1997.
Short stories.
An in-depth study of Malagasy proverbs.
Poems.
A novel.
Play and action songs.
Poems.
Discusses good and evil aspects of jealousy.
Discusses the lifestyles of the rich and poor in society.
A novel.
On the law dealing with the regulation of house rents, written for use by tenants, landlords, lawyers, and the courts.
Sayings and proverbs of the Gurage people of Ethiopia.
On Rwandese women's property rights.
On the Ethiopian in search of his identity.
A simplified text for learning Kunama language for Tigrinya speakers.
On politics, government, and the constitutional history of Tanzania.
On the history of Zanzibar during the reign of Al Busaid outlining the events that took place during his regime.
English-Swahili glossary of terminology used in forestry education.
On the socio-political history of Zanzibar as told through the personal experiences of Sheikh Thabit, a prominent Tanzanian politician.
On being a Zanzibari and sultanship.
On the importance of local governments in the process of change in Tanzania.
Christian songs.
A short story.
A short story.
Poems.
Poems.
A collection of poems with a section on how to become a poet.
A collection of stories, poems and discussions presented humorously with the aim of sensitizing people about bad habits and to encourage them to stop them.
A biography of Rakoto Ratsimamanga Albert.
A novel.
Assists teachers and students in literature studies.
Discusses the Malagasy religious way of life.
Discusses how to reconcile being a Malagasy and being set apart for God.
A novel.
A novel.
A novel.
Short stories.
A novel.
Discusses astrology according to the Malagasy belief.
A novel.
A novel.
Poems.
Discusses the Malagasy civilization.
On the small communities of the Catholic Church in Rwanda, their origin, their work, and their commitment.
On celebrations of 100 years of the Gospel in Rwanda.
On training of the 10th National Jubilee Commission for the preparations of the celebration of 100 years of Christianity in Rwanda.
On the history of the Catholic Church in Rwanda and the Jubilee preparations.
On preparation by all the dioceses for the celebration of 100 years of evangelism in Rwanda.
Tackles one of Rwanda's greatest problems after the genocide which is the resettlement of those who lost their family homes. Encourages the idea of creating small cities in Rwanda for those dispossessed of their land and the embracing of these cities as the new homes.
Discusses the history of Africa with focus on Senegal, the dams on Senegal River and the conditions for their efficient utilisation for the development of the northern side of Senegal, and the politics and economy of Senegal from 1990 to 2000.
Discusses Wolof tradition.
This is a listing of 1000 Senegalese Wolof tales.
A short story.
A short story.
A short story.
Revival, spiritual powers, and the influence of the Holy Spirit in traditional churches in Tanzania.
A collection of riddles.
Short stories.
A short story.
A short story.
A short story.
A short story.
Short stories.
Poems.
An explanation of parliamentary standing orders.
On HIV-AIDS and other diseases that have been a problem to the Kikuyu people.
On Christian missions in South West Africa, 1960-1997.
On the past, present and future of "Merkato", the largest open market in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
"First published 1986; second edition published 1998"--T.p. verso.
On Shona culture with emphasis on socialization and education of boys and girls, marriage, death and burial rites, inheritance, system of justice, and religious beliefs.
Poems.
On community development and employment creation for and by the youth of the Ngwevini area in Zimbabwe.
A novel.
A novel.
Discusses the use, handling and effects of toxic substances in agriculture.
On the objectives and activities of National Archives and Library of Ethiopia and on the status of information technology and related aspects.
On the past achievements, on-going events, and on future programmes of RRC (Relief and Rehabilitation Commission) of Ethiopia.
Facts to know about HIV/AIDS and other communicable diseases.
Emperor Haile Selassie and his contributions to the growth of the Orthodox Church in Ethiopia.
On the achievements of the Socio-economic development of Ethiopia during the ten planning years, 1971-81.
On the development of the national economic resources of Somalia.
On the history of the Baganda between 400 A.D. and 1971.
On kingship in Eritrea.
On the ecosystem.
On the religious achievements and miracles performed by Abuna Filepos and Abuna Yohanes, two monks of the Dabra Bizan Monastery in Eritrea.
Geez and Tigrinya language grammar.
A novel.
Cook book.
Hunting songs.
On the history of the Abbazia di Montecassino, near Frosinone (Lazio).
About the style of boat, named Topo, used in the Adriatic from Chioggia, near Venice, to Pula (Croatia) from the 14th century to the present for fishing, commerce, and transport.
Abstracts in English and French.
Abstracts in English and French.
"The 2,650 alphabetical entries in this compendium represent 20 years of Davidson's work. They include information on specific foods, cooking terms, culinary tools, countries, traditions, and biographies of chefs and cookbook authors. The entries for countries cover foods, habits, and holidays with special foods. The entries about traditions cover religious laws that deal with food and/or fasting, such as Ramadan and kosher laws. There are 39 longer articles about staple foods such as rice and apples. A comprehensive bibliography provides access to further information. The book does not contain recipes, but it is an excellent companion for sources such as the Larousse Gastronomique."--"Outstanding reference sources 2000", American Libraries, May 2000. Comp. by the Reference Sources Committee, RUSA, ALA.
A how-to book for lawyers designed to improve effectiveness in dealing with a wide range of personality types, how to enhance their persuasive powers, how to evaluate the psychology of their interlocutors, how to recognize others' attempts to manipulate them.  Chapter headings are:   1. Basic psychological techniques for the lawyer  2. Speaking/presentation techniques  3. Conversational techniques  4. Psychological techniques of actions
Contains the text of Ley 99 de 1993 and related legislation associated with the environment and conservation of natural resources in Colombia.
Contains the text of the Codigo del Menor de 1989.
Contains the text of the Codigo de Procedimiento Penal de 1991.
Contains the text of Ley 443 de 1998 and related legislation associated with regulating the civil service in Colombia.
"Divided into eight parts covering Dutch slave trade in the  Atlantic world, discusses the Middle Passage, demand  for slaves in the Caribbean, the trade's profitability, and abolition  and emancipation. Final part asks whether The Netherlands has a debt of honor as a result of this trade. Although very brief bibliographies for each part are included, the main sources for this work remain unclear. Much of the text seems to be syntheses of work of other scholars"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Text contains abstracts, the CD-ROM contains the full papers.
"Tilburg Lectures."
Allows the user to simultaneously consult the first eleven galician-spanish dictionaries, printed from 1863 to 1962.
Documents the reaction from the political right of the speech that Martin Walser gave on October 11, 1998 at the Frankfurt Book Fair upon his receipt of the Peace Prize of the German Book Trade.
The "Manuscrito" section presents a facsim. reprint of the Libro de los gorriones, the autographic notebook in which Becquer tried to reconstruct the mss. of his poetry (which was lost during the 1868 Revolution). (He copied into it the Rimas and some prose selections; it is the mss. which, corrected by a group of his friends, served as the basis for the posthumous 1871 ed. of his Obras).  Software allows magnification of the image and searches of lexical items. The "Dibujos" section includes reproductions of Becquer's drawings from the albums he presented to Julia Espin.  Also includes a recitation of all the Rimas in the mss. as well as a selection of twenty-eight songs written by composer friends of Becquer.  The "Introducciones" section includes three audiovisual presentations on aspects of Becquer's life and poetic work.
Facsimile reprint of the codex copied by Per Abbat now in the Biblioteca Nacional, Madrid.
Analysis of participatory democracy in two rural communities of Nicaragua, with focus on levels of poverty, resources, unemployment, health, political power, infrastructure and active organizations.
Philosophical essays by leading contemporary national scholar, with focus on the Greek classics.
Results of a U.N. survey among Nicaraguan youth conducted in 1998, with focus on self perceptions, views on society, social and political values and life style.
An excellent report on working conditions for the primarily female work force of Nicaragua's "maquila" industries, presented through statistics with names of specific companies, analytical narrative and interviews.
Biographical treatment of Agnieszka Osiecka, who wrote poems, songs, screenplays and prose works.
The history of Polish royalty from the Piasts to Stanisaw August Poniatowski (from the 900's through the mid-1700's).
On various topics.
Commentry on al-Muqaddimah al-muqizah by al-Dhahabi with the original text; Hadith studies; authorities.
Taxation; zakat; Kuwait.
Education; Arab countries; aims and objectives.
Novel.
Qali, Abu Ali Ismail ibn al-Qasim, 901?-967?'s Amali; Arabic literature; history and criticism; early works to 1800.
Novel.
Novel.
Modern Arabic short stories.
Arabic prisoners' poetry; patriotic poetry; Palestine.
Politics and government; Jordan; questionnaire.
Poetry.
Industry; Palestine; opportunities; potentials.
Non-governmental organizations; finance; West Bank; Gaza Strip.
Students; political activities; Kuwait; politics and government; 20th century; history.
Story.
Novel.
Miscellaneous essays.
Syria; government and state; Muhammad Rashid Rida; Muhammad Izzat Darwazah; history; 1918-1920.
Deedat, Ahmed. Is the bible God's word?; Bible; history; apologetic work.
Novel.
Arabic poetry.
Deedat, Ahmed. Crucifixion or cruci-fiction?; Jesus Christ; Crucifixion; apologetic work.
Christianity; theology; questions and answers.
Islamic law; interpretation and construction.
Novel.
Novel.
Arabic short stories.
Novel.
Hadith; texts; early works to 1800.
Poetry.
Moabites; language; Semitic language; influence; Arabic language; phonology; Semitic philology; Arabic philology; comparative linguistics.
Play.
Arabic novel.
Arabic poetry.
Arabic language; rhetoric; style.
Muhammad, Prophet, d. 632; companions; Muslim women; biography.
Short stories.
Palestinian Arabs; al-Aqabah village (Palestine); civil rights; human rights; Arab-Israeli conflict.
External debts; imprisonment for debt; laws and legislations; Kuwait.
Arabic poetry.
Arabic drama.
Arabic music instrument; Syria; history.
Authors' memoirs on preliminary and secondary schools.
Arabic novel.
Detachment in Islamic law; Muhammad, Prophet, d. 632; military activity.
Short stories.
Novel.
Novel.
Arabic poetic drama.
Novel.
Poetry.
Averroes, 1126-1198; views on Sufism; philosophy and islam; comparati
Egypt; dimocracy; politics and government.
Samail (Oman); poems.
Arabic short stories.
Short stories.
Short stories.
Poetry.
Poetry.
Chronicle of Jodhpur, princely state in Rajasthan; reproduced from a hand written manuscript.
Satirical writings.
Ecology as reflected in the Vedas; a study.
Selected Garhwali folk songs; text with Hindi verse translation; includes short introduction to each.
Selected Bhili folk songs translated from Gujarati and Bhili; text with Hindi prose translation.
On the life of Shivaji Raja, 1627-1680, Maratha ruler.
Contributed articles on social equality in Indian society, religion, and political "isms"; commemorative volume on Dadasaheba Rupavate, social worker from Maharashtra.
Biography of Gulabarava Maharaja, 1881-1915?, Hindu religious leader from Maharashtra.
Commentary, with text, on Jnanesvari, Hindu philosophical classic, by Jnanadeva, fl. 1290, Hindu religious leader.
Cultural history of Pune City; contributed articles.
Satirical articles.
Satirical.
On the life and works of Ravana; includes his biography; exhaustive study of his works on astrology; includes Uddisatantra, Arkaprakasa and Sivatandavastotra, work on Tantrism, Ayurveda and hymns to Siva (Hindu deity).
Description and pictorial presentation of places around Kailas Mountain and Manasarowar Lake, China.
History and culture of Vegam, a town in Gujarat, India.
Study on the influence of Raj Chandra, Jaina monk on the life and philosophy of Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948.
Contemporary Gujarati poetry; a study.
Memoirs about Rajanikumara Pandya, Gujarati author by his friends and associates.
Two Sanskrit works on spiritual life and Samadhi in Jainism.
On Jaina mysticism and self-realization; English translation with Apabhramsa text.
Sanskrit text with English translation on Jaina stotras and prayers.
Etymological dictionary of Buddhist terms.
Study of the Sankaracarya's concept of Bhakti and cult of Siva (Hindu deity) ; includes Sivanandalahari with translation.
Includes critical study.
Jaina canonical text with English and Hindi translation.
Contributed articles with reference to Bangladesh.
Handbook on Kushtia District of Bangladesh.
Proceedings of the National Seminar on Integrated Management of Ganges Flood Plains and Sundarbans Ecosystem.
Study of the novels of Bhagwati Charan Verma, b. 1903, Hindi author.
Based on a folk tale.
On autobiography as a form of literature, with particular reference to Panjabi; a study.
Study of the dramatic works of Srikrshna Josi, 1884-1965, Sanskrit author.
Study of Bhagavadgita and Ramacaritamanasa of Tulasidasa, 1532-1623.
On Jaina religious life; Sanskrit text with Hindi and English translation.
Digest of Hindu rituals and religious life for household Brahmans.
Classical Jaina version of myth of Rama (Hindu deity).
Classical Sanskrit text on Hindustani classical music with commentary and translation.
Contributed articles on the industrial and economic development in India.
Survey of Indian foundry industry.
Contributed articles presented at three conferences, viz., ICCA Conference 2000, UNCITRAL-ICCA-ICA Judicial Colloquium, March 5, 2000, New Delhi, and Conference on SAARC Arbitration Law and UNCITRAL Model Law, March 1, 2000, New Delhi.
Religious and mythological significance of Elaeocarpus ganitrus (Rudraksha) in Hinduism.
History of India; covers the period, 1707-1857.
On Hindu astrology.
Contibuted articles.
Based on the life of Bhagat Singh, Indian revolutionary.
With reference to the northeastern region of India.
With reference to India.
Felicitation volume to Prof. Surendra Nath Chaturvedi, botanist; contributed articles.
Biography of Sir Gopinatha Purohita, d. 1935, a minister with the royal families of Jaipur.
On Hindu domestic architecture and astrology.
Complete works of a saint poet from Rajasthan; includes critical introduction.
Concept, establishment, functions, elections, etc., of the local self government in Rajasthan; a study; based on the Rajasthan Panchayat Act 1994 and Act on Elections, 1994.
Prakrit text, with commentary and translation, on Jainism.
On the life and work of Saiyadana Mohammada Burahanuddina, leader of Ismailites in India.
On the role of cooperatives in rural development in India.
Classical Sanskrit work with translation and introduction.
Hindu philosophical work with English translation and Sanskrit commentaries.
Hymns to Durga (Hindu deity); Sanskrit text with English translation.
Interpretation of Buddhist concept of two truths (samvritisatya and paramarthasatya) according to Rnin-ma-pa scholar.
Prakrit text on science of divination through physical signs and symbols.
Conference held in Cairo in 1994.
Review of the implementation of the ICPD Programme of Action after post-Cairo challenges to secure women's health, rights, and to promote gender equality.
Contributed articles with reference to India.
Contributed articles with reference to India and New Delhi in particular.
Autobiographical reminiscences of Konkani author and freedom fighter from Goa.
Autobiographical reminiscences of a judge from Maharashtra.
Contributed articles on the works of Atmaram Raoji Deshpande, b. 1901, Marathi poet.
On Vedic literature and culture.
Study of aesthetics in Sakuntala, classical Sanskrit play by Kalidasa.
On the concept of Bhakti (devotion) and Rasa in Bhaktirasamrtasindhu and Ujjavalanilamani, works on Sanskrit poetics by Rupagosvami, 16th cent.
Based on the Bhagavadgita chapter of the Mahabharata.
On Krishna, Hindu deity based on the Bhramaragita by Suradasa, 1483?-1563?, Braj and Hindi devotional poet.
Based on a folk tale; an adaptation.
Study of the Naisadhiyacarita, classical Sanskrit epic poem of Sriharsa, 12th cent.
Selection of Magahi folk songs; text with Hindi prose translation; includes introduction.
Economic history of Gwalior, Princely State; a study; covers the pre 1947 times.
On Manthara, character from Hindu mythology.
Selected short stories and poems by 20th century Hindi authors on the spirit of nationalism which were banned by the British; covers the period, 1920-1947.
Selected works of 20th century Hindi authors settled in Britain.
Tourist guidebook of Ladakh.
A collection of one hundred traditional folk tales reflecting  Buddhist principles from various regions of China.
With reference to Ladakh and Lahul-Spiti, India.
Explanating the advantages of proper practice of basic rituals in Tibetan Buddhism.
Tibetan predictive astrological text for consultation of different important result oriented events.
Spiritual advice of Ladakhi Buddhist scholar.
On Tibetan astrology.
Collection of Tibetan Buddhist prayer-book for daily practice.
Ecology, its conncept and importance with reference to Ladakh.
Contributed articles with reference to Tibetan system of astrological studies.
Collection of contributed articles presented at three village meetings on ecology, farming, and environmental protection in Ladakh.
Contributed workshop discussion papers on Ladakhi performing arts.
Collection of workshop papers on education in Ladakh.
Contributed articles predominantly on bigraphies of renown Buddhist priests and kings of Ladakh; includes on mural paintings.
Tibetan predictive astrological text for consultation of different result oriented events.
Collection of Ladakhi proverbs and sayings.
Interpretation on various Tibetan Buddhist symbolic and their significant.
History of Dpe-thub dgon dga ldan dar rgyas glin Monastery in Ladakh.
Mahayana Tantric treatise on the changeless continuity of the true nature.
Hindi translation with Tibetan text of treatise on iconographical proportions of Buddhist paintings according to Tibetan Sman-ris school.
Buddhist classical text of Vimalaratnalekha of Atisa, 982-1054.
Comprehensive commentary on Catuhsataka of Aryadeva, 3rd cent., explaining the Madhyamika philosophy of Buddhism; reprinted from rare manuscript of Matho monastery.
Collection of Ladakhi reincarnated Dge-lugs-pa lama's correspondences, visit to some monasteries and holy places of Tibet; includes some poems.
With reference to Kashmir.
Assessment of socio-economic impact on women and children aftermath of conflict.
Critically annotated, edited with translation and restoration of four texts on entering into the two truths of Buddhism by reknown Indian philosopher Atisa, 982-1054.
Classical Buddhist text with autocommentary on the method of Buddhist tantric practice.
Comprehensive collection of speeches and addresses on spiritual advice of the Dalai Lama XIV delivered on various occasions to general public.
History and development of Srog-bdag Rdo-rje-dpa-bo-rtsal, protective deity of Dge-lugs-pa sect.
With reference to Tamil Nadu.
With partial reference to Sri Lanka.
With reference to India and Sri Lanka.
With refererence to India and Sri Lanka.
Study on the socio-economic conditions of fisherwomen of Vishakhapatnam District in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Socio-economic study of the shrim fry collectors of Bangladesh.
With reference to Tamil Nadu, India.
With reference to Bay of Bengal region.
With reference to South Asia and Southeast Asia.
Biography of Vithal Ramji Shinde, 1874-1944, social reformer from Maharashtra.
On Srinatha, form of Krishna, Hindu deity; includes text with Hindi prose translation.
On Jambhoji, 1451-1536, Hindi saint poet of the Bhakti period.
History of region surrounding Hanumangarh, India which was earlier known as Bhatanera; covers the period ancient times to 19th century.
Study conducted in Kolhapur city, Maharashtra.
Study with special reference to Jamirah Tepor Gaon, India.
Prose translation in Marathi, of Rayapaseniya, Jaina canonical text in Prakrit.
On education in Maharashtra and on Marathi as medium of instruction.
Evaluation of some model schools, experimenting with new ideas, from Maharashtra.
Chiefly a study of Prthviraja Raso, work by Canda Baradai, 1126-1192, Hindi and Rajasthani poet.
Anthology by 20th century Hindi authors from Mauritius.
On communalism in India.
Critical appreciation of Hariyali, Gujarati Jaina poetry.
On conjunctions in Gujarati language.
Study of the commentary on the Uttarajjhyana, Jaina canonical text.
Study of Samadhisataka of Devanandi, text on concept of Samadhi in Jainism.
Study of Jaina hymns and prayers.
Includes catalogs of the paintings.
Catalog of Indian bronze statues in collection of the Museum.
Catalog of astronomical instruments in collection of the Museum.
Architectural study of the temples of Tirukkalatti, India.
Contributed articles.
Study of Rajarupaka, poem by Virabhanna Ratanu, b. 1688 or 9, Rajasthani poet.
Commemorative volume published on the occasion of the 50th birth anniversary of Bhagavana Simha Bhaskara, b. 1949, Bhojpuri and Hindi author; contributed articles on his life and works.
By several 20th century Hindi authors on theme of communal riots in India.
Study of Hindi poetry; covers the period early to the late 20th century.
Study of the works of Dhumila, 1935-1975, Hindi poet.
Contribution of Muslims to the Indian freedom struggle in Bihar; covers the period, 1757-1946.
Study of the origin and singing style of Kanara, a group of ragas belonging to Hindustani classical music.
Psychological study of the characters in the novels of Ila Chandra Joshi, 1902-1982, Hindi author.
On the social life of the poeple of Malwa, India.
Reminiscences of Vishnu Prabhakar, b. 1912, Hindi author of his association with other modern Indic authors; chiefly on the works of Hindi authors.
Study of the fictional works of Pi. Lankes, b. 1935, Kannada author.
Etymological dictionary of the Vedas and Nirukta etc.
Classical verse work on Madhyamika philosophy, with autocommentary; restored into Sanskrit from Tibetan translation.
Classical commentary of Nimbark school, with super commentaries, on Brahmasutra of Badarayana, aphoristic work on Vedanta philosophy.
Includes Urmila, autocommentary.
On Guru Gobind Singh, 1666-1708, 10th Sikh Guru.
Study on Nepali wit and humor.
Brief profile on various tribes of Nepal.
Contributed articles on historical city Bode, Bhaktapur district, Nepal; volume to commemorate 25 years of Jhi Pucah Saphu Dhuku, a library in Bhaktapur, Nepal.
History of Newari literature.
On the religious festivals of Newar, Nepalese people.
On miscellaneous topics about Karnali Zone, Nepal.
Newari-English dictionary.
Report on two workshops on protection of consumer's rights, organized by Forum for Protection of Public Interest.
On Newari language and literature; proceedings of a seminar
Collection of Newari inscriptions found in Panaoti, Kabhrepalanchok district of Nepal, preserved by Sutham, organization at Bhaktapur, Nepal.
Articles on the works of selected Nepali authors.
Travel account of London by a senior bureaucrat from Nepal.
Contributed articles.
Proverbs on agriculture in India with special reference to irrigation during the various seasons.
On the life and work of Bhupalamanasimha Karki, social worker from Nepal; contributed articles.
Compilations of felicitations to Bhupalamanasimha Karki, social worker from Nepal, on his 90th birth anniversary.
Statistical report of the population, land revenue, agriculture, animal husbandry, mass communications, forestry, tourism in Rajasthan, India.
Commentary on Brahmasutra of Badarayana, aphoristic work on Vedanta philosophy; includes Sribhasyabhavacandrika supercommentary and text of Brahmasutra.
Classical hymn, with Balatapa Sanskrit commentary to Lalita, form of Tripurasundari, Hindu deity.
Apabhramsa epic poem on Pradyumna (Hindu deity); critical edition with translation.
Aphoristic work on Yoga philosophy.
Biography of Bhai Sangata Singha, b. 1666, Sikh religious leader.
Biography of Bhai Jaita, 1655-1705, Sikh religious leader.
Hindi poems based on the character of Radha, Hindi deity.
On Hindu pilgrims in Vrindavan, India.
Chiefly a study of Himachali folk songs; includes the text and  translation into Hindi prose.
On the life of an Indian freedom fighter.
Includes brief biography of the author.
On the life of Sakhubai, an Indian adivasi woman farmer.
On the life and works of Urmila Pavara, a controversial Marathi author.
On the life and works of an Indian motion picture actress.
Includes author's autobiography.
On the life of Damayanti Joshi, b. 1932, an Indian kathak dancer.
On the life of an Indian women scientist.
On the life and works of an Indian woman sculptor, Kanaka Murthy.
On the life and works of Maya Rao, an Indian woman theatre artiste.
On the life of Neela, an Indian woman artist and painter.
Sanskrit text, with autocommentary and Hindi interpretation on Yoga according to Jainism.
Prakrit text with Tatparyavrtti Sanskrit commentary and Hindi translation on Jaina ontology and epistemology.
Sanskrit canonical text with English translation and Sanskrit commentary.
Commentary on the Pramananayatattvaloka of Devasuri, work on Jaina epistemology and metaphysics; includes Gujarati translation.
Photo documentary on multi-faceted picture of women's life in Bangladesh.
Papers presented at a workshop held at Indian Social Institute, on 27-28 August, 1999.
Contributed articles.
Description of Hindu monuments in Mamallapuram, India.
Collection of articles previously published in newspapers and periodicals.
Collection of articles on Indian wildlife.
Volume to commemorate fifty years of Supreme Court of India; comprises articles on the working of the court.
History of India, 1600-1937.
An attempt to combat the problem of child labor in India.
Workshop organized by National Resource Centre on Child Labour, at V.V. Giri National Labour Institute, on September 29, 1997.
Study of the works of Lakhamicanda, Bangaru folk poet.
Unpublished prose and poetic works of the author.
Human rights in the Vedas; a study.
Poem on Krishna and Radha, Hindu deities.
On the life of Ahlya Bai Holkar, Rani of Indore, d. 1795.
On Krishna (Hindu deity).
On Operation Umri Bank dated 1/30/1948, one of the sporadic events during the freedom struggle in Hyderabad, Princely state, in support of her integration to India.
Study on the works of Anna Bhau Sathe, 1920-1969, Marathi poet.
Collection of love stories written by various 20th century.
Biography of Vatappuram Bava, the founder of labor union in Kerala, India.
Essays on the life and work of Vasudevan Namputiri, a painter from Kerala, India.
Biography of K. Karunakaran, b. 1918, Congress leader and former chief minister of Kerala, India.
Collection of articles on Malayalam literature.
Essays on the collapse of communism in Russia; includes special reference to India.
A study on the works of Vailoppillil Sreedhara Menon, Malayalam poet.
On Marathi newspapers.
Historical study on Marathi folk songs on women.
Compilation of selected lavani and povade, Marathi folk and heroic songs.
Compilation of letters of various readers written to the author of Ahe manohara tari, autobiography of a Marathi woman author.
Study on Hindustani music.
On pastoral themes.
On the depiction of women in Marathi literature; covers period until 1700.
Study on the life and work of Jotirava Govindarava Phule, 1827-1890, social reformer from Maharashtra.
Festschrift in honor of Vijayaraya Kalyanaraya Vaidya, 1897-1974, Gujarati author; comprises articles on his life and works.
On the water reservoirs in Gujarat with reference to religion, art, and culture.
Seminar papers; chiefly on children's literature in Gujarati and some papers on Indic literature.
Commemoration volume for Ranajitaraya Sastri, 1924-1985, social reformer, educator, and political activitist from Khambhat, India; chiefly on his life and work and on Khambhat, India.
Commentary on Nyayaviniscaya of Akalanka, fl. 720-780, work on Jaina logic.
Contributed articles.
Papers presented at a national conference, held in Dhaka, on 29-30 December, 1997.
Contributed articles.
Bio-bibliographical dictionary of contemporary writers of Bangladesh.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles with reference to Bangladesh.
On Narada, Hindu mythological character.
Study of Dingal poetry with special reference to the depiction of courage; covers the period, 16th to 19th century.
On relationship between Mongolia and South Korea.
Contributed articles on military history of Mongolia.
Documents relating to the accession of Mongolia to the World Trade Organization.
On social sciences as taught in Mongolia.
Collection of write-ups on Zhanlavyn Narantsatsralt, former prime minister of Mongolia.
History of Mongolian State during 13th-19th centuries.
Theoretical and methodical issues in educational innovation and development.
Innovation of strategy and policies on education and culture in Mongolia.
History of ancient Mongolia (Zhuzhan).
On the art of drawing; with particular reference to human figure.
History of science in Mongolia during 20th century.
On traditional Mongolian symbolism and customs.
On Wang Chao-chun, 53 B.C.-18 A.D., Hsiung-nu ruler.
Mongolian traditional customs on scarves.
Facts and investigation on the assassination of Sanzhaasurengiin Zorig, Mongolian Democratic leader, in 1998.
Extracted articles from various sources.
In the Indian context.
On philosophy of Sankaracarya; portion of work on Indic philosophy.
On the significance of fasting on the eleventh day (Ekadasi) of the lunar fortnights in Hindu calandar and associated rituals based on Puranas.
On the issue relating to life both in the church and in society.
Autobiography of an industrialist, chairman, and managing director of M.G.M. group of companies of Tamil Nadu, India.
With reference to freedom of the press in India.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles.
Contributed papers presented at a seminar organized by IIC-Asia Project.
In the Indian context.
Narrative of circumstances which led to resignation of the author as the law minister of India.
Papers presented at the Louisiana Symposium on Ancient Indian Sciences, held on October 25, 1997, at Lafayette, Louisiana.
Contributed articles presented at a National Seminar on Women Entrepreneurship of Kerala, organised by Dept. of Commerce, University of Kerala.
Compilation of mantras for the worship of Brahma (Hindu deity) with English translation.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles.
Collection of cartoons captured the different moods and faces of India.
Proceedings of the Seminar on "Trade and Investment Issues in the Indian Ocean Rim Association for Regional Cooperation" held in Maputo on March 26-27, 1999.
Covers the period after India independence.
A guide to NRI's when they plan an investment in India.
For children.
Study on the scheduled caste female sweepers and scavengers in municipal bodies of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Study on different tribes of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Study of the agriculture science in Rgveda.
Contributed seminar papers.
Treatise on Ayurvedic materia medica.
Chiefly in context of Indian non-agrarian vocations.
With reference to study conducted in the Gujarat, India.
Account of a non-governmental organization involved in extending educational and other necessary support to children from poor families, especially girl children.
Study with reference to India.
Study with particular reference to Punjab, India.
Contributed articles.
Study on economic liberalization especially in context of changes in Indian economy.
Study on domestic workers, chiefly in Indian context.
With reference to India.
Sequence of political events that allegedly led to the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi, b. 1944, former prime minister of India.
Autobiography of Indian political leader and freedom fighter.
Study on Indian Carnatic music and ragas; with musical letter notations of compositions in the singing style.
Study relates to the political institutions and their role in nation-building in Sri Lanka.
With reference to India.
In the Indian context.
Study conducted in Tamil Nadu, India.
Contains analysis of thirty seven select issues of Constitutional Law in India, which are current importance.
Study of Vedantakaustubha of Srinivasacarya, commentary on Brahmasutra of Badarayana, work on Vedanta philosophy.
Research studies on socio-economic conditions and problems in Nepal.
Includes statistical tables.
English translation of Indonesian Brahmandapurana based on Sanskrit Brahmandapurana.
Includes Communist Party of India and Congress Socialist Party influenced in the Nepal democratic movement.
On the lives of Sikh gurus; study based on ancient Persian sources.
Human population, its size and growth, and an insight into Malthus' theory.
Study conducted in Bihar, India.
Contributed articles presented at the National Seminar on "Kashmiri Pandits: Looking Ahead" held on March 12, 2000; on various facets of the cultural, spiritual, and other aspects of life of Kashmiri Pandits.
Collection of conference papers on depiction of Siva (Hindu deity) in Indian arts and architecture and Shaivite cult.
Report on Indian street and working children and their rights.
Study of Ramacaritamanasa by Tulasidasa, 1532-1623.
An exhaustive commentary on Consumer Protection Act, 1896.
Includes a brief biographical sketch.
Study conducted in Punjab and Orissa.
Sikh hymns, with musical letter notation, composed by Ranadhira Singha, b. 1879.
Social, economic, and political issues of Manipur, India.
Study of the treatment of developmental journalism by leading national newspapers in India.
Contributed articles presented in a National Workshop on Regional Disparities organised by the Omeo Kumar Das Institute of Social Change and Development, Guwahati, during 1996.
On logic and reasoning in Hindu philosophy.
Collection of articles with reference to India.
Comprehensive, exhaustive and critical analysis of the law with reference to India.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles presented at the National Seminar on Environmental Management in Hydro-Electric Projects.
Contributed articles presented at the International Seminar on Indian Ocean in the 21st century : Linkages and Networking held in New Delhi on 9-10 Feb. 1998.
Contains questions exclusively on India.
Study on life and works of Kashmiri poetess, Laldyada, 14th century; includes selection of her verses with English translation.
Outcome of the First International Workshop on Long Term Changes and Trends in the Atmosphere, held at Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune, in February 1999.
Contributed research papers on Ghare-baire of Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941.
Contributed articles.
Selection of short stories, translated from Hindi.
Review of the activities of the alliance.
Contributed papers presented at a workshop.
Contributed articles.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles arranged in a broad chronological sequence on Indian historical studies on diverse topics.
Pakistan's foreign relations with India; contributed articles.
List of works of Prof. Khaliq Ahmad Nizami, b. 1925.
Papers presented at the National Seminar on "Rise of Terrorism and Secessionism in the Region--Politico, Economic, Strategic, and Social Implications," held at New Delhi, on April 30-May 1, 2000.
Historical account of the communist movement in India.
Contributed articles.
With special reference to India on its state and market, rural/urban divide in economic, social terms, and a study on Indian historiography, etc.
On Arthasastra of Kautalya, ancient work on Hindu statecraft.
Biography of Kasturba Gandhi, 1869-1944, wife of Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948, Indian statesman.
In the Indian scenario.
Attempt to study the folk literature and folk arts of the Banjara Lambadi of Rajasthan.
Contributed articles.
Catalog of collection of the Musuem.
Catalog of exhibitions organized by German National Museum as part of German Festival in India, 2000-2001.
Collection of papers presented at a seminar in 1999.
Differences between the Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh and Bharatiya Janata Party, Indian political parties.
With reference to India.
Study, with reference to Uttar Khand Region in India in the process of its formation of statehood.
Role of the territories of Sagar District in the north and those in the valley of the Narmada River in the South.
Contributed articles with reference to Indian banks.
On the need for Hindu culture component in Indian education system.
Papers discussed at a conference, organized by Indian Economic Association, held in December 1997, at Hyderabad.
On Jaina philosophy and metaphysics; includes commentary in Dhundhari (Rajasthani) and translation in Hindi.
On Jaina doctrines and philosophy.
Sanskrit works compiled by different authors on the saints of the Kharataragaccha tradition of the Svetambara, Jaina sect.
Biography of Janardana Vaghamare, educator from Maharashtra.
Views of Jotirava Govindarava Phule, 1827-1890, social reformer from Maharashtra, on the Dalits.
On the works of Vi. Va. Siravadakara, b. 1912, Marathi poet.
On the work of Vithal Ramji Shinde, 1873-1944, social reformer from Maharashtra.
Biography of Sivarama Hari Rajaguru, 1908-1931, martyr of Indian freedom struggle.
By various 20th century Marathi poets.
Compilation of memoirs of his friends and associates about Narubhau Limaye, freedom fighter and journalist from Maharashtra.
Contributed articles on Marathi folk literature.
Study on the works of Mangesh Keshav Padgaonkar, b. 1929, Marathi poet.
Study on the works of Bahini, ca. 1628-ca. 1700, Marathi poet.
Marathi as official language in university administration in Maharashtra.
History of Pune City in Maharashtra.
On therapeutic uses of metals in ayurvedic system in Indic medicine.
Selected hymns, mantras, and prayers from the Vedic literature with account to assist in reciting the mantras.
With special reference to legislative and educational reforms.
Reminicences, contributed articles published on the occasion of the birth centenary of Jagannatha Prasada Misra, b. 1897-1960, Hindi author, journalist, and educationist; articles on his life and works.
Analytical study of Chakkhandagama, work on Jaina doctrines of human action (Karma) of Puspadanta, Acharya.
Selection of plays on the importance of ecology.
Verb and adjective in the poetic works of Surya Kant Tripathi, 1896-1961, Hindi author; a study.
Survey conducted in Karnataka, India.
Critical evaluation of Parami maha satakaya, a Pali poetical work written by Mahasilavamsa, fl. 1492.
Collection of Sinhalese folk tales.
Film script.
Sri Lankan folk tales.
Brief history of Kalani Viharaya, Buddhist temple located at Kalaniya, near Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Brief historical account of the Raja Maha Viharaya, located at Kelaniya, Sri Lanka.
Brief history of Raja Maha Viharaya, located in Kelaniya, Sri Lanka.
Commentary on Mahasatipatthanasutta, Buddhist canonical work.
Critical analysis on popular Buddhist traditions, with particular reference to attainment of Nirvana.
Police and the courts in Sri Lanka; including laws governing criminal cases.
Historical account of Polonnaruwa, ancient capital of Sri Lanka.
Contains information on the characteristics of 1,400 minerals. Includes maps indicating their location, a glossary, and features more than 400 photographs. Also provides information on mineralogy, as well as, the mineral's chemical composition and classification.
A study of the history and literary culture of the Yaquis of Sonora. Topical sections include ecological context, Yaqui origins, religion, land, literature and legends.
Text and analysis of an historic letter by Nunez, an 18th century Catholic monk of Sonora. Nunez relates the spiritual conquest of the desert region as well as describing its topography, indigenous people, customs, traditions and major issues.
An integrated analysis of state financial control as an economic and a legal category.  This is a vital area in the ongoing battle with economic crime and rules violations as Russia transitions to a market-based economy.  Chapter headings are:   1. General characteristics of  financial control as a function of finances  2. History of the development of state financial control in Russia  3. State financial control as a function of social administration  4. Financial control as a sub-branch of financial law  5. State financial control as a means of combating law-breaking in the financial sphere.
A dictionary and encyclopedia of 380 names and terms relating to the indigenous history and culture of Sonora.
Archeological study of primitive cave art and indigenous culture of Sonora, by regional scholar and director of the museum of the state university.
Nine historical essays on Sonora and the Jesuit priest who pioneered settlement. Topics include the Jesuits of the colonial period, Europeans in the region, essays on aspects of Kino's life, canonization and early missions.
An institutional and socio-political history of the largest Catholic church in the Sonora mining city of Cananea, from its inception during the early 20th century. Morales Tapia is a leading historian of the region.
Biography of noted 20th century Mexican cleric and the thirteenth archbishop of Sonora (1861-1928).
A scholarly history of the Jesuit expulsion by the Spanish crown in 1767. Montane is a Chilean-born scholar and one of the region's finest historians.
Collection of stories and legends reflecting the belief system, history and traditions of the Mayo of Sonora.
Memoir of the activities of the State Cultural Institute of Sonora for a six year period.
An excellent study of the use of medicinal plants by the Yoremi of Sonora and the role of women in sustaining such cures. Topics include an introduction to the Yoremi tribe, the structure to administer medicinal plants and plant descriptions and uses.
A manual on how to compute the standard income tax.  Section headings are:   Taxpayers. What is taxable and record keeping. The tax rate and computing the standard tax. Tax payment procedure. Proof of tax payment. The manual includes the text of Russian federal laws on the standard income tax.
A collection of decrees and standard forms issued by the Russian Agency for Control Systems concerning competition for and letting of contracts for research and design projects in the field of electronic technology to be conducted at the order of said agency to accomplish federal programs.
A collection of articles prepared for the scholarly conference entitled "Improving traditional and creating new areas of procedural law in Russia," which took place in Rostov-on-Don on May 19, 1998.  Deals with current issues of procedural law (constitutional, civil, criminal, arbitrage, court trials).  For readers interested in a  comparative and systemic analysis of the standards of Russian procedural law.  Designed for jurists, scholars, practitioners, teachers, advanced students, legislators of the Russian Federation, as well as local governmental agencies.
Autobiographical account of a former senior superintendent of police, Sri Lanka.
In the context of Sri Lanka; contributed articles.
Miscellaneous topics, most written by Sri Lankan immigrants settled in Australia.
Study of the inscriptions of Jodhpur, Princely State, as a source of history of the place.
Contributed articles on Jayasimha and his role in the India-Pakistan Conflict in 1965 and 1971; includes poems on him.
Customs and practices of Rathor family, the rulers of Jodhpur Princely State.
Includes introduction.
Child psychology as depicted in the works of Suradasa, 1483?-1663?, Braj devotional poet; a study.
Sanskrit work with English and Hindi translation.
On the communal tensions between Hindus and Muslims in India.
State welfare activities with special reference to the handicapped of Rajasthan, India; a study.
Papers presented at a seminar held in Shillong, India during 26-28 Aug. 1998.
Contributed articles.
Stylistic study of Padabali, work by Thakura Vidyapati, 15th century, Maithili poet.
Study of Hindi novels with special reference to the depiction of society; covers the period, 1881-1947.
Satrical articles.
By various contemporary Magahi authors.
Views of Atal Bihari Vajpayee, b. 1926, prime minister of India on various topics.
Study conducted in 25 villages in Saharanpur District, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Contributed articles.
With reference to Uttar Pradesh, India.
Describing the social and economic conditions of Rajasthan depicted by the European travellers during the British rule.
Outcome of papers presented at the National Seminar on "Common Property Resources and Planned Development in Western India: Challenges and Prospects," held during January 19-21, 1999, at Nanded.
Text, with Gandhaprasarini commentary on ayurvedic system of Indic medicine; includes exhaustive introduction.
Verse work on the ayurvedic system in Indic medicine and therapeutic uses of metals; includes Siddhiprada Hindi commentary.
Hindu mythological text with English translation; includes introduction.
Classical Sanskrit work with three Sanskrit commentaries- Ahnikakaustubha by Srinivasatirtha, Bhavaprakasika by Narasimhacarya and Tantradipika by Vedavyasacarya on Hindu religious and ethical life; includes English and Kannada translation of three commentaries.
Sanskrit text with interpretation in Sanskrit and Kannada.
Two works on Dvaita (Vedanta) philosophy; critical edition.
Contributed articles, chiefly on economic and social development of Sri Lanka.
An analysis of political trends accompanying economic and social development in Asian countries.
Relates to Sri Lanka.
In praise of Vijayaramacandrasuri, b. 1896, Jaina saint.
Post-Paninian commentary on Katantravrtti of Durgasimha, work on Sanskrit grammar.
Hymns in praise of Hingalaja, form of Parvati (Hindu deity).
Contribution of Nagesabhatta, fl. 1670-1750, to Sanskrit grammar; a study.
Study of Brahmasphutasiddhanta, work on ancient Hindu astronomy and mathematics by Brahmagupta, 7th cent.
Commentary on Mitaksara of Vijnesvara, 11th cent., itself a commentary on Yajnavalkyasmrti, classical work on ancient Hindu law.
Classical text on Ayurvedic system in Indic medicine.
Festschrift honoring Saraccandra Damodara Gokhale, b. 1925, Indian philanthropist; comprises contributed articles on his life and work.
Study on art and social life of Warli, ethnic people from Maharashtra.
Study on ancient Indian linguistics.
Includes brief study on the depiction of women in his poetry.
Autobiography of a Marathi housewife depicting women's social condition in Maharashtra.
Study on Kokna, ethnic people from Maharashtra.
History of Maharashtra.
History and description of Kirtipur, Nepal; includes inscriptions on which the study is based.
Articles on Newari literature.
Nepali dictionary.
On the issues related to boundary of Nepal with India and China.
On the significance of observing vrata (fasts) according to Buddhist traditions in Nepal.
Genealogy of Atris, sub-caste of Brahmans in Nepal.
On the cultural heritage of Mustang district, Nepal.
On the life of Sarojaprasada Koirala, 1929-1973, activist in the movement for bringing democracy in Nepal.
Biography of Thirabama Malla, 1924-1950, revolutionary from Nepal.
Study on Pracanda Gorkha, a political party of Nepal, covers the period, 1930-1950.
Study of the songs of Ji. Saha, Nepali poet; includes a sampling.
On the beginning of movement for democracy in Nepal; diary of the author, November 13, 1950-December 27, 1950.
Articles chiefly on the cultural and historical monuments of Bhaktapur, Nepal.
Social practices of Newars, Nepalese people.
Historical documents relating to Nepala Kamyunishta Parti.
Narrative poem on Pushpalala, communist leader from Nepal.
Biography of Parijata, b. 1936, Nepali author.
Articles chiefly on culture of Newar, Nepalese people.
On the socioeconomic conditions of Dalits in Nepal.
Abridgement of work on Hindu mythology by Madhava, 13th cent.
Contributed articles.
Mongolian translation of Tibetan translation of four classical Buddhist texts in Sanskrit.
On sustainable development in Mongolia.
An attempt to analyse the long-term development of the East Asian economies.
Complete works of a Panjabi poet.
On the political situation of India; Jail diary, 1929-1931, of Bhagat Singh, revolutionary in Indian freedom movement; translated from English.
On the language and grammar of Adi-Granth, Sikh canon.
Contributed articles on the writings of Kabir, 15th century Hindi religious poet, included in Adi-Granth, Sikh canon.
Text with interpretation, of a verse work narrating the mythological story of the gods and demons, ascribed to Guru Gobind Singh.
Study, with reference to India.
Comparative study of Hindi and Gujarati devotional poetry; chiefly covers the period, 1500-1800.
Based on the Vietnamese Conflict, 1961-1975.
By several 19th and 20th century Urdu authors.
Anonymous Sinhalese chronicle of the kings of Sri Lanka.
Autobiographical account of a former professor and later vice-chancellor of Colombo University.
Study of Ksatracudamani, Sanskrit epic of Vadibhasimha, fl. 10th/11th cent.
Contributed articles.
On Hindu astrology with Hindi interpretation.
Study of Alankarakaustubha of Visvesvara, 18th cent. work on Sanskrit poetics and rhetorics.
On the theme of freedom.
Depiction of urban life in modern Panjabi novel; a study.
Contributed articles on the works of Rama Sarupa Anakhi, Panjabi fiction writer.
Articles on Sikh philosophy.
Arabic text, with Panjabi translation and interpretive notes.
Panjabi language grammar.
On women's rights in India.
Dictionary of Ramayana of Valmiki, Mahabharata, and Bhagavatapurana.
Author's travelogue.
Depication of women in Gujarati prose literature; a study.
Development of women in Indian society; a study.
Women in Indian politics; a study.
On various aspects of Hinduism, religion and society and Bhagavadgita.
Articles on Gujarati literature.
Collection of four works on Gujarati poetics.
Hindu sacred work with Gujarati translation.
Study of Arthasastra of Kautalya, classical treatise on Hindu polity and statecraft.
Text with Hindi prose translation.
Contributed articles with reference to India.
With reference to India.
Papers presented at a seminar held on February 25-26, 1998 to mark the tercentenary of Khalsa sect.
On the activities of Bahujan Samaj, political party.
On the life and philosophy of Hari Krishana, 1656-1664, 8th guru of Sikhs.
On the historical Sikh temples in Delhi.
On the socioeconomic problems of Panjabis settled in Great Britain.
History of Shromani Guraduara Prabandhaka Kameti, a statutory body concerned primarily with the management of sacred Sikh shrines.
Biography of Amitabh Bachchan, b. 1942, Indian motion picture actor.
Autobiographical reminiscences of an educator from Maharashtra.
Autobiographical reminiscences about his creations, by an Indian sculptor.
Sanskrit text with Gujarati interpretation.
On Gujarati language grammar.
Study on the main theme in Gujarati short stories.
On the cultural history of Patan, India.
Selections from plays and dialogues.
Study of Jaina temples and shrines in Khambhat, India.
Study of the Jaina temples and shrines of Patan, India.
On Siddhantasikhamani of Sivayogisivacarya, work on Virasaivism.
Exhaustive study of the Tantric and Agamic literature.
Biography of Charles Philip Brown, 1798-1884, Telugu philologist.
Selected plays by senior Hindi and Rajasthani authors who have been awarded at an annual competition organized by Javahara Kala Kendra, Jaipur during 1998-99.
Selected works by senior 20th century Hindi authors from Rajasthan, India who have been awarded at an annual competition organized by Javahara Kala Kendra, Jaipur during 1998-99.
Encyclopedia of Hindu mythology.
Semiotics and literature, with particular reference to Panjabi literature; papers presented at a seminar organized by Panjabi Akadami, Dilli.
Verse work on the life of Gobind Singh, 1666-1708, 10th guru of Sikhs; includes critical introduction.
On the principles of linguistics, with reference to Panjabi language.
On the Ghadr movement, political movement against the British rule in India by the East Indians in the United States; diary of an activist, covers the period 1917-1925.
Stories on Vikramaditya Sakari, King of Ujjain; translated from Sanskrit.
On the Gurdwara Reform movement, 1920-1925, by the Sikhs to assert their right to manage their places of worship.
Eyewitness account of struggle by Sikhs for freedom of religious worship at Jaito on February 21, 1924.
Transcript of interviews with Gurbaksh Singh, b. 1895, Panjabi writer; chiefly about his life and works; previously published in Prita lari, Panjabi magazine.
Collection of essays on comparative literature; with special reference to Malayalam.
On holy Koran.
Collection of representative Malayalam short stories.
Essays on Malayalam literature.
On fundamentalism in India.
Contributed articles on the life and works of the late Em. Es. Baburaj, a musician from Kerala, India.
Biography of a film maker and short story writer from Kerala, India.
Study on the Malayalam folk songs from Kerala, India.
History of Travancore, India.
Collection of essays on Malayalam literature and political situation in Kerala, India.
Incomplete autobiography and diary notes of Cannampula Krsnapilla, 1911-1948, Malayalam poet.
Articles on the political uprisings at Punnapra and Vayalar in Kerala, India during India's freedom struggle.
Biographies of the chief ministers of Kerala, India.
Selected letters of author to a communist political activist and Malayalam author, Puthuppally Raghavan, from Kerala; includes articles on Malayalam literature.
On the life and works of Ke. Sarasvati Amma, b. 1919, Malayalam author.
Contemporary short stories, translated into English from various Indic languages.
Contributed articles presented at the Third International Triennial Calcutta Symposium on Prabability and Statistics held on 26-29 Dec., 1997 in Calcutta.
Biography of Nagayya, 1904-1973, a Telugu motion picture actor and musician.
Contributed articles on various aspects of India since inception of Indian republic.
On the origin and development of Raj Bhavan in Bangalore, India.
With reference to India; includes communal aspects.
With reference to West Asia and North Africa.
Ramajanmabhumi-Babari Masjid controversy with special reference to the role of Hindi newspapers; a study.
Contributed articles on the folk theater in India with special reference to Uttar Pradesh; previously published in the Hindi jorunal Chayanata.
Comparative study of the Panjabi devotional poetic works of Guru Nanak, 1469-1538, founder of Sikhism and Ravidasa, 15th century, Hindi devotional poet.
Life and works of Ram Chandra Shukla, 1884-1941, Hindi author.
Discourses by a Hindu religious leader on the philosophy of Kabir, 15th century Hindi poet with special reference to Rama, Hindu deity in his works.
Study of the works of Svayambhu, 9th century Apabhramsa poet and his influence on Hindi language and literature.
Influence of the philosophy of the Upanishads on the poetic works of Hindi authors belonging to the mystico-romantic school in Hindi literature; a study.
History of Vidarbh Region, India; a study; covers the period, ancient times to the 19th century.
Role of the nationalists and freedom fighters of Haryana, India in the Sepoy Rebellion against British rule during 1857-1858; a study.
Influence of folk drama on Hindi drama; a study; covers the post 1960 period; includes a study of folk drama.
Selected folk songs from Bundelkhand, India.
Satirical articles.
Articles on ethics and religion.
Essays on higher education and related topics earlier published in Uddicya, newsletter of North Gujarat University.
Articles on Gujarati literature and art.
Representative Gujarati short stories published in 1997.
Selections from the literary works of a Gujarati and Marathi author.
On Gujarati literature.
Diary of the author about his experiences in Punjab during militant terrorism.
Representative selection of Gujarati poems of 1997.
On Indic philosophy with special reference to Gujaratis (Indic people) and Gujarat, India.
On Hindu spiritual life and doctrines.
Study with text and translation of Sankhyasutra of Kapila, work on Sankhya philosophy.
Unpublished Sanskrit commentary on Mahabhasya of Patanjali, work on Sanskrit grammar.
Abridged version of Advaitabrahmasiddhi of Madhusudana Sarasvati, fl. 1780, work on Advaita philosophy.
Study conducted in Dhar District, Madhya Pradesh, India.
In the Indian context.
With reference to India.
Proceedings of the 1st National Symposium on Mycetoma held on 26th to 28th Feb. 1998 at Jodhpur, India.
Account of the author's visit to Sikh shrines in Pakistan.
Account of places visited in India and Pakistan by all the gurus of the Sikhs.
Selection of fantasy stories.
On the development of Panjabi journalism.
On the children's literature in Panjabi; papers presented at a seminar organized by Panjabi Akadami, Dilli.
Anthology of love poems.
Cultural history of Pancala, India; covers the period, ancient times to 6th century A.D.
Imagination in the poetic works of Surya Kant Tripathi, 1896-1961, Hindi author.
Satirical articles.
Satirical articles.
Covers the period, 1768-1851.
Study of Braj poetry; covers the period, 9th century A.D. to 18th century.
Study of Braj folk literature; includes passages with Hindi prose translation.
Classical commentaries on Jaina canonical texts; critical edition with Hindi translation.
Anthology of Gujarati short stories of 1999.
Correspondence of a Jaina saint.
Contributed articles.
Reminiscences of a Nepali author's travel to different places in Nepal and India.
On the origin and development of Nepali dictionary.
On the history of Nepal during the period 1768-1951; articles.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Compilation of articles on the aspects of WTO laws, especially on the export trade.
On the development of journalism in Nepal.
Brief report on the Round Table Meeting on "Mountain Development Policies in Nepal."
Travel impressions of a Nepali author to various parts of Nepal.
Dictionary of Nepali language; for children.
Collection of Hindu hymns in Sanskrit with Nepali translation.
Study on the school administration in Nepal.
On Nepali phonetics.
Anthology of Nepali poetry, translated into English.
Conference organized by Royal Nepal Academy of Science & Technology.
With reference to Nepal.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Isvara Barala, Nepali author and critic.
Translated from Nepali.
On Hindu marriage customs and rites; includes explanation in Nepali.
Bonded labor system, a revolt by squatters claiming their rights over land, and Tharu an ethnic group in Bardiya District, Nepal.
Rituals for the worship of Chakra, Tantric diagram and for the initiation rites in Hinduism.
On Hindu funeral rites and ceremonies; includes explanation in Nepali.
History of Nepali children's literature.
Study of Nepali folk songs.
On Hindu rituals with Nepali explanation.
On the rituals for the Sraddha (Hindu rite); includes explanation in Nepali.
On Hindu astrology with Manjubhasini, Hindi commentary.
Encyclopedic dictionary of Sanskrit grammar.
Study of Vedantasiddhantamuktavali, work on Advaita Vedanta philosophy by Prakasananda, 16th cent.; includes Sanskrit text.
Hymns to Siva (Hindu deity) according to Kashmir Saivism; includes Sanskrit commentary and Hindi translation.
Interpretation of Bhagavatapurana, Hindu mythological text.
History of Shiromani Akali Dal, political party in Punjab, India.
Political biography of Harkishan Singh Surjit, leader of Communist Party of India.
On the role of Santa Jaranaila Singha, 1947-1984, who died in Golden Temple Assault, in the politics of Punjab.
Papers presented in two seminars on the Ramayana by Valmiki.
Study of Kavikulakanthabharana, poem by Dulaha, fl. 1728-1768, Braj poet; includes text.
Study of the works of Hindi devotional poets with special reference to its relevance in modern times; chiefly covers the period, 1500-1800.
Study of the cult of Rama, Hindu deity in Asia with special reference to Ramayana by Valmiki.
Study of the Hindi plays of Upendra Nath Ashk, b. 1910-1996, Hindi and Urdu author.
Commentary on Bihari-Ratnakara by Jagannathadasa Ratnakara, 1866-1932 work based on the Satasai, poem by Kavi Vihari Lala, 16th century Braj poet.
Chiefly a study of the works of 19th and 20th century Hindi poets who were not recognized by Jagannathadasa Ratnakara, 1866-1932, Hindi and Braj poet.
Origin and development of Hindi journalism; a study.
Study of the folk tales from Malwa Region in Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, India.
Chiefly on folk culture and folk literature of India by Jai Narain Kaushik, b. 1935, folklorist, Bangaru and Hindi author and by other literary authors; includes contributed articles on his life; commemorative volume published on the occasion of his 65th birth anniversary.
Study of the poetic works of 20th century Hindi authors.
Usage of Hindi language; a study.
Study of Bharatadurdasa, play by Bharatendu Hariscandra, 1850-1885, Hindi author; includes text.
On the sculpture and idols in Sarnath, India; covers the period 3rd century A.D. to 12th century A.D.
History of Huns in Europe.
Study on classical Mongolian literature.
Autobiographical memoirs of Mongolian wrestler, Undrakhyn Purvee.
Contributed articles on Regzhiibuugiin Niamdorzh, Mongolian wrestler.
Contributed artilces on Amarbaiaryn Shagdarsuren, b. 1941, Mongolian businessman and member of Mongolian Parlament.
On wrestling in Mongolia.
Pictorial book on fast running horses from Khentii Aimag, Mongolia.
Genealogical tables of noblemen and aristocrats from Galshar Sum, Khentii Aimag.
Relations of Soviet Union and China with Mongolia; 1900-1970.
History of Buiant-Ukhaa Olon Ulsyn Nisekh Buudal, the Mongolian international airport.
Literary and linguistic study on Yuan chao pi shih, classical work on the history of Mongols.
Mongolian-Russian dictionary.
Pictorial work on Baian-Olgii Aimag; published on its 60 years.
Vols. 4-5 in combined form.
Register of names of wrestlers, horses riders, and shooters who participated during "Naadam", Mongolian national games festival; covers period from 1875.
Hindi Urdu catalog of Arabic, Urdu, Persian manuscripts exhibited during the 50th anniversary of the independence of India and on the occasion of 200th anniversary of the Raza Laibreri, Rampur.
Souvenir comprising contributed articles on Vipassana meditation techniques and psychotherapy and on the centre.
Contributed articles.
Presents a systematic and comprehensive picture of the traditional, transitional, and emerging patterns of tribal leadership in Banswara District of Rajasthan.
On climate related and other natural disasters affecting Bangladesh.
With special reference to India.
Contributed articles on various Indian field crops and their high productivity harvesting techniques.
Selected works by young 20th century Hindi authors from Rajasthan, India who have been awarded at an annual competition organized by Javahara Kala Kendra, Jaipur during 1997-1998.
Selected works by senior 20th century Hindi authors from Rajasthan, India who have been awarded at an annual competition organized by Javahara Kala Kendra, Jaipur during 1997-98.
On the theory of Rasa (sentiments) as discussed in Sanskrit poetics.
Critical analyses of the theoretical concepts of women in development, and gender and development; also examines the application of these approaches in programs of non governmental organisations in Sri Lanka.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles on Viliyam Gopallawa, b. 1897, last governor-general and first president of Sri Lanka; biographical.
Collection of papers presented at a National Symposium on "Multipurpose Tree Species for Agroforestry System" during 11-13 June 1998, organized by National Research Centre for Agroforestry, Jhansi.
With special reference to India.
Life and work of Basavaraja Halijola, 1934-1982, painter from Karnataka.
Historical and epigraphical accounts of Hindu temples in Chamundi Hill in Mysore.
Contemporary artist from Karnataka, India.
Story of Sakuntala of Kalidasa in Vedic and Indic literature and art; a study.
Critical edition with English and Gujarati translation Sandesarasaka,  Prakrit poetry by Abdularahamana, 11th cent.
Research articles on Indic philosophy and religion.
Commentary on Tantravarttika of Kumarila Bhatta, work on Mimamsa philosophy.
Complete works of a social worker and pioneer in agriculture cooperatives in Maharashtra.
Collection of photographs and enlightening messages by national leaders and personalities kept at Salar Jung Museum.
Contributed articles on the works of Mohana Bhandari, b. 1937, Panjabi author.
Contributed articles on Paratapi, a novel by Rama Sarupa Anakhi, Panjabi author.
Biography of Wisakha Singha, 1877-1957, Indian freedom fighter from Punjab, India.
Study of tragic poetry in Hindi literature.
History of Jaunpur District, India, a study; covers the period ancient times to 20th century.
Dictionary of symbolism of numbers according to Hindu mathematics.
Verse work, with exposition, on Hindu spiritual life.
Selected prose and poetic works of Bholashankar Vyas, b. 1925, Hindi and Sanskrit author; includes critical introduction.
On Hindu pilgrimage centers of Krishna, Hindu deity in Mathura District, India.
On Hindu codes for defilement and expiation.
On Ayurvedic system in Indic medicine; includes Siddhiprada Hindi commentary.
Classical work with Hindi and Sanskrit commentaries on Hindu rituals.
Supercommentary on Tattvaprakasika of Jayatirtha, 14th cent., work on Dvaita (Vedanta) philosophy; includes supercommentaries.
Study, with reference to Gujarat.
Study on ancient biographies of Guru Nanak, 1469-1538.
Diary of a women Panjabi author.
Antics of Bhands, the wandering mimicks from Punjab, India.
In the Indian context; contributed articles.
Contributed articles presented at a regional seminar in 1997.
Complete works of Ramadarasa Misra, b. 1925, Hindi author.
Study of the Kathak dance form with special reference to its spiritual context.
Contributed papers.
Anthology of short stories written by authors in their regional languages as well as those in English.
An attempt to trace Indic civilization.
Speeches and writings of author, a justice, presented at various occasions on judicial review, need for reforms, eradication of corruption, etc.
Biographical account of a dedicated social worker from Punjab.
Biography of Rakhamabai, 1864-1955, the first practicing lady doctor of India; also earliest participants in the Red Cross movement from India.
Reminiscences of persons associated with the university.
Contributed articles.
Collected works on Yoga, Hatha Yoga etc.
With special reference to India.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles.
Contributed articles of critical appraisal on the God of small things by Arundhati Roy.
Compilaton of articles presented at a conference with reference to India.
Contributed articles.
Papers presented at 2nd Capital Markets Conference held during December 23-24, 1998 at UTI Institute of Capital Markets, Navi Mumbai.
Depicting the life experiences of tackling poverty in Tilonia, Rajasthan.
Most on eminent Indians.
Brought out on the occasion of the Hindustan times, a daily newspaper, celebrating 75 years of its existence.
On the contributions of the two Indian statesmen, Subhas Chandra Bose, 1897-1945 and Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948 in the freedom struggle; contributed articles.
Contributed articles.
Papers presented in a National Seminar on "Wittgenstein's Philosophy of Language", held in Feb. 24-26, 1999, at Hyderabad, India.
Contributed articles.
In the Indian context; articles previously published in various newspapers and magazines.
Issues relating to national security; papers presented at a seminar held in July 1998 at Ahungalla, Sri Lanka.
Contributed articles on Shadow lines, novel by Amitav Ghosh.
With reference to India; contributed articles.
With reference to India.
Narrating contemporary political situation of Assam alongwith author's journey experiences in Assam.
Contributed articles on life and works of the author.
Autobiographical musings of a cine actress and Telugu writer from Andhra Pradesh.
Papers presented at the International Conference on "Managing the Environment: Challenges Facing Surfactants (Detergents) in the 21st Century", held at Kanpur in 2001?).
Bibliography of Bipin Chandra Pal, 1858-1932, a nationalist in the Indian freedom movement.
Contributed articles presented at the National Seminar on "Utilisation of Common Property Land Resources through Co-operatives" held at Indira Gandhi Institute of Development Research in November 1996.
Based on Punjabis and Sindhis from North India who emigrated to the Philippines before and after World War II.
Compilation of twenty-eight papers presented at the Expert Consultation on Inland Fishery Enhancements, Dhaka, Bangladesh, 7-11 April 1997.
In the Indian context; contributed articles.
Study conducted in Telangana region in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Comprises hunting experiences in India, Bangladesh, and Nepal.
With special reference to India.
Analysis of the social and economic pressures in Bangladesh as main reasons for the influx of migrants to India.
On Indian society and Hindu way of life.  Lecutres delivered by the author at Cambridge in 1882.
Study on the super cyclone that hit Orissa, India in 1999.
An account of the making of Sholay, a Hindi moving-picture.
On various aspects of Kumaun, India.
Biography of a Madras based industrialist.
Includes his travel account to different countries.
Papers presented at the National Seminar on "Problems of Small and Marginal Farmers in Marketing of Fruits and Vegetables" organized by Farmers's Education and Welfare Society in New Delhi on Aug. 20, 1998.
History of the Moguls with special reference to the role of Raja Shivaji, 1627-1680 based on a study of the Braja literature of the time.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles.
Study on the poetry of Persian poet Masud Sad Salman, 1046 or 7-1121 or 2.
Contributed articles in the Indian context.
In the Indian context; contributed articles.
Contributed articles with reference to India.
In the context of developing countries.
Contributed articles.
Pictorial work on Jyoti Basu, b. 1914, former chief minister of West Bengal.
On the role of Charles Philip Brown, 1798-1884, Telugu philologist, in the revival of Telugu language and literature.
On problems of disabled, sexually abused and tribal children of India.
Contributed conference papers with reference to developing countries.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Epitome of Mahabharatatatparyanirnaya, an epitome of Mahabharata; critical study with text.
On Sanskrit language learning.
On doctrine of (Bhakti) devotion in Vaishnavism.
On doctrines of Bhakti in Vaishnavism with English translation.
On doctrines and meditation in Vaishnavism.
On the life and teachings of Nityananda, 1473-1532?, Vaishnavite leader from Bengal.
Comprises short stories, essays, and a novel; translated from Bengali.
On history of Christians of Mangalore, Karnataka, India.
Depicts the history of India from during the British occupation.
Study of the depiction of Rama, Hindu deity in Sanskrit, Pali, Prakrit, Hindi, Tamil, Telegu, Bengali, Assamese, Kannada, Oriya, Gujarati, Kashmiri, and Maithili extended narrative poems; covers the period, ancient to the modern times.
Bio-bibliography of Hindi authors awarded by Hindi Akadami, Dilli during the period, 1998-2000; souvenir published on the occasion of the awards ceremony.
Selected jokes by Abida Surati, b. 1935, Hindi author which have been previously published in the Hindi journal Dharmayuga.
Selected works of a Hindi and Gujarati author.
Contributed articles published in memory of Lalitacharan Goswami, 1907-1992, Hindu religious leader belonging to the Radhavallabha, Vaishnava sect in Hinduism; articles on his life and work.
Papers presented at Seminar on Strategies for Rural Development in the Ninth Plan, held during February 21-22, 1997 at Hyderabad, India.
Contributed articles on the initiatives, policies and problems of NGOs in Bangladesh.
Study on notions, practices and quality of birthing and health care in rural women of Bangladesh; comprises case studies.
On planning sustainable rural development within a time frame in Bangladesh; a study.
On the development of newly accreted land in the southeastern part of Bangladesh.
Contributed articles on Bangladesh's social, economic, and political developments during the past three decades.
In the Indian context.
Comprises essays on various aspects of Indian history; includes condolence messages.
Study on medieval Marathi literature; covers period until 1700.
History of Hyderabad, Princely state.
On ancient Marathi linguistics.
Contributed articles on social condition of Maharashtra in 19th century; festschrift honoring Y.D. Phadke, historian from Maharashtra.
Contributed articles.
Contributed seminar papers.
Treatise deals with the secret Sakta-Tantric worship.
On the cult and significance of Sarasvati, Hindu deity; includes prayers.
On the life and philosophy of Bhaktiprajnana Kesava Gosvami, 1898-1968, Vaishnava saint.
Articles by a Mongolian Buddhist religious scholar and leader; includes memoirs by various writers.
Study on the paintings of Balduugiin Sharav.
Register of Mongolian Sambo wrestlers from 1967 onwards.
On the Yin-yang, Chinese philosophy, and oral tradition in Mongolia.
Research works on Old Turkic script from Mongolia.
On the lives and works of physicians in Mongolian traditional medicine.
Nomadic civilization and traditional livestock farming in Mongolia.
On Mongolian philology; includes bio-bibliography of Mongolian philologists and linguists.
History of Karakorum, ancient capital city of the Mongol empire, and Erdenezuu sum-muzei, ancient Mongolian Buddhist monastery.
Collection of transcript of interviews with Mongolian celebrities.
Historical novel about Genghis Khan, 1162-1227, Mongol ruler.
Study on the significance, uses, and other aspect of Mantra in Tantrism.
Verse work with Hindi translation, on the religious and mythological significance of Allahabad, India.
Selected works of Alunatha Kaviya, fl. 1463-1568, Dingal religious poet.
With special reference to India.
Papers; in the Indian context.
On the women in Hindu mythology.
On Raute, indigenous people of Nepal.
On Kucabandiya, Indic people in Nepal.
Articles on Hindu philosophy.
Papers presented at two seminars conducted the the Dept. of Political Science and Sociology, P.N. Campus, Pokhara.
Narrative poem on Bishweshwar Prasad Koirala, former prime minister of Nepal.
On ancient Nepalese sculpture and paintings.
On Raji, Indic people in Nepal.
On Shaktism in Nepal and the religious practices of Newar (Nepalese people).
Study, with reference to Nepal.
With reference to India.
Wtih special reference to Madhya Pradesh, India.
Commemorative volume to mark the death of Madanalala Agravala, 1924-1998, social worker and industrialist from Nepal; comprises condolence messages and articles on his life and work.
Souvenir brought out by a prominent literary and cultural organisation to honour famous Nepalese artists and authors; comprises articles on their works and samplings.
Transcript of interview with Janak Lal Sharma, b. 1926, Nepali author and critic; on his life and works.
Memoirs about Pelzhidiin Genden, 1895-1936, former Mongolian prime minister, by his daugther.
On Begziin IAvuukhulan, Mongolian poet.
Political parties and system of Mongolia.
History of Sain Noen Khan Aimag, erstwhile Mongolian province.
Archival material on relations between Mongolia and Russia; covers 1921-1960.
In the Mongolian context.
Brief history of the Mongolian State Central Library; published on its 80th anniversary.
Travelogs of a Mongolian author.
Encyclopedia of Mongolian wrestling.
History of Gov-Altai Aimag.
Mongolian traditional customs.
Articles on Mongolian classical literature.
History and development of Mongolian sculpture.
Children's short stories.
Children's short stories.
Children's short stories.
Children's short stories.
Children's short stories.
Children's short stories.
Children's short stories.
Children's short stories.
On the description of Tibetan national animal Yak for juvenile.
Children's short stories on the theme of birds.
Children's short stories.
Children's short stories.
Collection of lectures by some of the best Indian minds dealing with comparative religious ethics and faith of different creeds in a contemporary context.
Contributed articles.
Supercommentary on Tantravartika of Kumarila Bhatta, exegesis on Mimamsabhasya of Sabarasvami, classical commentary on Mimamsasutra by Jaimini.
Critical study of Upadesamala of Dharmadasagani, 8th cent.,  work on Jaina religious life; includes text in Prakrit.
Selected Sanskrit works with Hindi interpretation on Jaina philosophy and doctrines.
Two Sanskrit text with interpretation on Jaina theory of Karma and philosophy.
Research articles on Jainism.
Hindu mythological text; critical edition.
On the life and work of Jagjivan Ram, 1908-1986, statesman.
Based on the history of Magadha Kingdom in ancient India.
Music in the works of Mirabai, fl. 1516-1546, Hindi devotional poet.
Selections of 20th century Punjabi authors translated into Hindi.
With reference to Kerala, India.
Based on the Ramayana, Hindu epic by Valmiki.
History of the cult of Vithoba, Hindu deity.
Contributed articles on Svami, Marathi novel by Ranajita Desai, 1928-1992.
On Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh, Indian socio-political organization; published on its 75 years.
Critical interpretation of Gurucaritra, biographical verse work on Narasihasarasvati, d. 1458, leader of Dattatreya Sect, by Sarasvati Gangadhara, 15th cent., Marathi author.; includes passages from Gurucaritra and other Hindu sacred works.
Buddhist canonical text with Hindi translation.
Two Sanskrit texts with Hindi interpretation on Radha (Hindu deity) and Krishna (Hindu deity).
Contributed seminar papers.
Buddhist classical text of Vajracchedika of Prajnapamitasutra with commentary by Asanga.
Complete text of Rgveda, Hindu sacred work.
Supercommentary on Sankaracarya's commentary on Brhadaranyakopanisad; includes English translation.
Selections from the literary works.
Classical Sanskrit poem with verse translation.
On medieval Gujarati poetry.
Research papers on some works of Narmadasankara Lalasankara Dave, 1833-1886, Gujarati author.
Research articles on Sanskrit literature.
Book reviews of literary Gujarati works.
Articles on medieval Gujarati literature.
On cow protection in Indian society and on religion, philosophy, and culture; correspondence of the author.
On political system in Gujarat; experiences of former speaker of the Gujarat Assembly during his tenure.
On Gujarati theater and drama.
Representative Gujarati short stories.
Study of the poetry of Narasimha Meheta, 1414-1481, Gujarati poet.
On Gujarati language grammar.
Humorous articles.
On the life and works of Somalala Saha, 1905-1994, painter from Gujarat.
Contributed articles presented at conference on folklore of Gujarat.
On the life and works of Rasikalala Parekha, 1910-1982, painter from Gujarat.
Importance of ecology in Jainism; a study.
Contribution of King of Ballabhgarh Naharasimha, fl. 1857 to the Indian freedom struggle against British rule during the Sepoy Rebellion of 1857-1858.
Selected works of Majrooh Sultanpuri, b. 1919, Urdu writer and lyricist; text with meanings of selected words in Hindi.
Study of magnitude, tendencies, laws and rehabilitation related to consumption of drugs in India.
Satirical articles.
Medieval Jaina poetry with Hindi interpretation.
Study of judicial system according to ancient Hindu dharmasastra literature and also with reference to Vedic literature.
Satirical articles.
History of Toriin Ordon, an official building of the Mongolian government.
Compilation from Mongolian classical literature.
Ancient history of Buddhism in India.
Study of the poetic works of Harbans Rai Bachchan, b. 1907, Hindi author.
Study of various aspects of Hindustani classical music and its role in the social development of people in India.
Position and status of women as depicted in Mahabharata; comparative study with Vedic literature.
Based on the novel Citralekha by Bhagwati Charan Verma, b. 1903, Hindi author.
Study of Citramimamsa, classical treatise on Sanskrit poetics and figures of speech by Appayya Diksita, fl. 1520-1593, Sanskrit poet.
Language in the poetic works of Anandaghana, fl. 1719-1739, Hindi and Braj poet; a study.
Use of Hindi language in contemporary times; a study.
Dramatic works of Sudhindra Kumara, Hindi author; a study.
Contributed articles on nonlinear mathematical applications published as an offshoot of a seminar held at Amritsar in 1998.
Papers presented at the INSA Seminar on "Mathematics and Applications to Industry and New Emerging Areas" held in New Delhi, 2000.
Myth in the poetry of Shiv Kumar, 1937-1973, Panjabi author; a study.
Biography of Hari Rai, 1630-1661, 7th guru of Sikhs.
Contributed articles on the life and works of Joga Singha, b. 1942, Panjabi author.
Articles on the life and works of Panjabi Sufi poets.
Complete works of a Panjabi poet.
Travel account of author's visit to China.
Classical exegesis of Panini's Astadhyayi, aphoristic work on Sanskrit grammar; includes commentaries and supercommentaries.
Hindu philosophical classic; includes Sanskrit commentary of Sankaracarya and Mitaksara Hindi commentary.
Contributed research papers.
Papers presented at a National Seminar on the Sabdakhanda of Prasthanaratnakara of Purusottamacarana, organised at Mandvi, India from 23-26 Nov., 1999; chiefly on the Suddhadvaita philosophy and the philosophy of Sanskrit language.
Treatise with interpretations, on Hinduism rituals.
With special reference to Sanskrit ayurvedic literature.
Research papers on Sanskrit and science.
With special reference to Sanskrit ayurvedic literature.
Contributed papers presented at the Vasco da Gama Quincentenary Conference held in Melbourne and Fremantle, Australia in June 1997.
On the life and works of En. Vi. Krsnavariyar, b. 1917, Malayalam author.
On the life and works of Suravaramu Pratatareddi, 1896-1953, Telugu author.
On the works of Bi. Puttasvamayya, b. 1897, Kannada author.
Folklore in the Panjabi narrative poetry (qissa) about the romance of Sohani and Mahimwala, legendary characters; a study.
Transcript of interviews with ten contemporary Panjabi authors, chiefly about their fictional works.
The citations are to works in various Indic languages.
A collection of 63 lecture synopses about municipal law for delivery to law school students.  Lecture topics include a general overview of municipal law; the relationship between local government and federal authority; principles of local government set forth in the decrees of the Russian Federation; factors limiting local authority; transparency in the operations of local government; and many more.
A comprehensive presentation of the legal issues concerning the leasing of residential and nonresidential buildings, including the legislative basis for tax assessment, judicial precedents and disputes, insurance, sample contracts, and the bookkeeping of residential, nonresidential, and land leasing.
A collection of opening and summary presentations by state prosecutors, selected as models for emulation to raise the professional competence of prosecutors and their assistants in the Russian Federation. A guide to effective prosecutorial language, presentation format, and style.
A law student and practitioner's manual on pretrial proceedings, based on criminal procedural statutes in effect in the Russian Federation as of 1 April 2000.  Chapter headings are:  1. The concept and principles of pretrial procedures in the criminal process  2. The participants in pretrial procedures  3. Procedural documents, deadlines, court costs  4. Civil suits in the criminal process  5. Evidence in pretrial procedures  6. Types of evidence  7. Methods to counter efforts to deceive and mislead  8. Initiating criminal proceedings  9. The preliminary investigation   10. General conditions for conducting the preliminary investigation  11. Conducting investigative activities  12. Presenting accusations and interrogating the accused  13. Staying the preliminary investigation  14. Concluding the preliminary investigation  15. The prosecutor's oversight of agencies' adherence to investigation statutes  16. The unique features of pretrial procedures for minors and the use of coercive measures of a medical nature  17. The protocol form for preparing pretrial materials.
A collection of articles on judicial and judicial-arbitrage practice in the resolution of disputes over honesty, worthiness, and business reputation in the Russian Federation.  Included are sample forms for filing legal suits in such cases.
Reproduces a collection of documents in various languages (Russian, Yiddish, Hebrew, German, French, Ukrainian, Polish) from the Russian State Archive of Social and Political History (RGASPI) in Moscow. Topics covered include: History of the Jews in Eastern Europe; Antisemitism in tsarist Russia pogroms; Yiddish culture in Russia; Russian revolutionary parties; Jewish labour movement; Jewish political movement; International socialist movement; Socialist International; Free Trade Unions (ICFTU); Socialist parties in Germany, Great Britain, France, and other European countries; Biographies and correspondence of prominent leaders of socialist movements.
Italian bibliography that includes titles from classical and modern literature, scholarly publications, conference proceedings, legal publications, reference books, and periodicals. Contains over 600,000 records.
Stella introduces Sam to the fun of playing in the snow.
Using the attached bee finger puppet, the reader joins in the activities of ten busy bees whose movements demonstrate subtraction.
Part of a series of physical environmental accounts that are being developed and is focused on the physical characteristics of Australia's water resources. Where available, quantitative data are compiled on a national and state level. Detailed statistics on the volume of surface and ground water assets (stocks), the supply and use of water by various industries and sectors, water re-use and discharge data are presented. Monetary data linked to the use of water resources are supplied. A compilation of water supply and sustainable indicators are also presented.
Provides information about the reasons for which Indigenous people are hospitalised, the characteristics of Indigenous people who are hospitalised, the procedures which are performed on them in hospital and how this compares with the rest of the Australian population.  Information will be presented at Australia and State/Territory geographic level for public and private hospitals.
Related directly or indirectly to families and children in Australia.  Provides descriptive information on various data sources, data items available, frequency of collections, publications produced and any reliability/confidentiality provisions.
The items in a trunk left to her by Uncle Harold transport Lisa back in time where she meets Leif Eriksson, Marco Polo, Florence Nightingale, and other less famous, but equally courageous, people who also changed their worlds.
"Presents the most recent and the best possible information on the forest resources of the fifty-five industrialized temperate/boreal countries, covering practically all aspects and functions of the forest"--T.p. verso.
Reproduces 120 manuscripts that are chiefly governmental and military documents concerning Toussaint Louverture, Henri Christophe, and Napoleon Bonaparte, dating from 1716 to 1817.
"Comprises manumission letters from 1722 to abolition of slavery in 1863. Each description contains the name, age, sex, and  race of the slave, reason for release, the amount paid, and name of the owner as far as is known. Compiler has consulted records from archives of Aruba, Bonaire, and Curacao dating from 1722-1845 (deposited in the  Public Record Office in The Hague) and records from 1845-63 in the archive of the Ministry of Colonial Affairs. Includes indexes on names of freed men and women and  their former owners"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
A short textbook to familiarize students at the Moscow State University of Transporation Routes with the basic provisions of Russian labor law, particularly collective agreements and the resolution of contract disputes.  Section headings are: Basic principles. Citizens' rights in the area of employment. State guarantees in the area of employment. Regulation and organization of employment. Role of employers in providing jobs. Social guarantees and compensations. Monitoring compliance with the Russian Federal Law "Employment of human resources in the Russian Federation" and penalties for non-compliance.
The text of a Russian Federation governmental regulation on the investigation and reporting of industrial accidents, which took effect on January 1,1999, superseding a similar regulation dated June 3, 1995.  The appendix includes sample accident report forms.
A collection of statutes and regulations concerning criminal procedure, including federal statutes of the Russian Federation, Presidential decrees, and decisions of the Constitutional Court of the Russian Federation in effect as of November 26, 1998. Among the topics covered are: Constitutional Court Decision of January 28, 1997, "On the constitutionality of section 4, article 47 of the Criminal Procedural Code of the RSFSR in connection with citizen complaints." Russian Federal Law "On bailiffs," enacted by the State Duma June 4, 1997, and approved by the Council of the Federation July 3, 1997.   Russian Federal Law "On final process," enacted by the State Duma June 4, 1997, and approved by the Council of the Federation July 3, 1997. Constitutional Court Decision of March 16, 1998, "On the constitutionality of article 44 of the Criminal Procedural Code of the RSFSR and article 123 of the Civil Procedural Code of the RSFSR in connection with citizen complaints." Russian Federal Governmental Decision of June 7, 1998, No. 723, "On the procedure and conditions for holding an arrestee and sequestered property."
A teacher's manual for a course in criminal law in accordance with the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation adopted by the State Duma of the Russian Federation on May 24, 1996.  The pamphlet includes a course syllabus, followed by a list of seminar topics, including guidelines on hours of instruction and reading lists for each unit of instruction.
This pamphlet published for members of the teachers union who did not subscribe to the professional newspaper "Uchitelskaia gazeta" [Teachers' Gazette] concerns the Federal Government's economizing measures taken in June 1998 and their negative impact on teachers and education.  The pamphlet republishes several articles from the newspaper on such topics as the failure to pay teachers' salaries; additional teaching loads; higher student-teacher ratios; the loss of overtime and bonus pay; reduced pensions and benefits.
A collection of teaching materials for the course "Criminal Law of the Russian Federation.  Particular Section," offered at the Moscow Juridical Institute in academic years 1999/2000 and 2000/2001.  Chapter headings are: Course syllabus. Academic and methodological recommendations on how to study the subject. Seminar and homework assignments for day students. Seminar and homework assignments for evening students.   Seminar and homework assignments for remote-learning students. Assignments for quizzes. List of questions to prepare for exams.
Part of the series "Higher Professional Education," this is a collection of lectures on labor law.  Lecture titles are: The subject, methodology, and system of labor law. Sources of labor law. Principles of labor law. Subjects of labor law. Legal relations in the sphere of labor law. The collective agreement and socio-economic issues. Legal regulation of hiring and employment. The labor contract. Work time and vacation. Legal regulation of wages and salaries. Labor discipline. Work safety. Labor disputes and resolution.
"First-ever collection of articles from this prominent liberal newspaper that circulated in Mexico City from 1849-74. Masson often has been mentioned by other historians, Jacqueline Covo in particular, but never has been showcased so prominently before. Volume would have been greatly improved had the selections been translated into Spanish"--Handbook of Latin American Studies, v. 58.
Colonial reports of three representatives of the Spanish crown in Guadalajara, charged with investigating and resolving problems between colonial authorities and indigenous groups in the areas of government, crime, agriculture, mining and customs.
A history of the agencies of the Belarusan Public Prosecutor's Office and a description of their role in  enforcing complete and uniform adherence to the laws of the Republic.  Includes biographic sketches of the persons who have held the position of Public Prosecutor of the Belarusan Soviet Socialist Republic, 1922-91, as well as a list of exemplary employees.
Based on current Ukrainian law, the author examines the legal specifics of contracts for the purchase and sale of assets in the process of  privatization.  Section headings are:   Elements of contracts for the purchase and sale of assets in the process of privatization.   Unique aspects of writing contracts for the purchase and sale of assets in the process of privatization. Nullification of contracts for the purchase and sale of assets in the process of privatization.
Study on the lyrical poetry of Mohan Singh, b. 1905, Panjabi poet.
Transcript of interviews with modern Panjabi author, chiefly on their works.
Travel impressions of a Panjabi author to United States, England, and Canada.
Articles on the socioeconomic conditions of Panjabis settled in Canada.
Study of Santali language and literature.
On social conditions of the people who migrate from India to Western countries.
By various Dalit authors.
Memoirs about P.L. Deshpande, 1919-2000, Marathi author, by his close associate.
History of Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh, Indian sociopolitical organization; covers the period, 1925-1997.
Contributed articles presented at the National Symposium on "Bicontrol of Pests and Diseases of Fruits and Medicinal Seeds" held on Dec. 28-29, 1998 at University Deptt. of Botany, T.M. Bhagalpur University.
Contributed articles with special reference to India.
Account of the history of kingdom of Ranthambhore, Ranthambhore fort, and natural history of the national park.
Contributed articles with reference to India.
Contributed articles with special reference to Rajasthan, India.
With special reference to Chambal Command Area in Rajasthan, India.
With reference to India; papers presented at the National Symposium on 'Recent Advances in Environmental Sciences,' March 18-19, 1998, at Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar.
In the Indian context.
In the Indian context.
Report on population policies of government and perspective of different Indian women organizations.
Report on legal status of women in indian context.
Report on Indian economic liberalization process and women.
Report on role of women in Indian politics and their rights.
Report on regressive image of Indian women and RSS policies.
Report on plight of Indian women workers.
Report on violence against women and children in Indian context.
Collection of short stories, play, essays and biographical writings of Contemporary Sanskrit author.
Handbook on Rajasthan, India.
Contributed articles.
Brief biographies of prominent personalities of Nepal and the world, from different fields.
On the laws related to citizenship of Nepal.
With reference to Nepal.
Transcript of interview with former prime minister of Nepal, chiefly on political conditions in post-1924 Nepal.
Articles chiefly on Hinduism in Nepal.
Biography of Badrivikrama Thapa, b. 1922, civil servant and social worker from Nepal.
Rai-Nepali dictionary.
Biography of Amara Simha Thapa, b. 1751, Nepalese statesman and army general.
Contributed articles on the Dalits of Nepal.
On the folk culture of Andhikhole region of Nepal.
Study with reference to selected regions of Nepal.
On capitalism, with particular reference to Nepal; communist viewpoint.
On the Buddhist temples of Patan, Nepal; volume to commemorate silver jubilee of Bauddha Vihara Sangha, a Buddhist organization in Lalitpur, Nepal.
Contributed articles on Buddhist Mandala.
On the religion of Tamang, Nepalese people; includes articles on their social conditions.
Includes biodata of artists represented.
Contributed seminar papers.
Attempt to understand the cultural conditions of the Hoysala dynastic period with the help of the epigraphs.
Interpretation of morning prayers according to Vaishnavism.
With reference to Sanskrit literature and works on Hindu architecture.
Classical commentary on Yogasutra of Patanjali.
Study with text and translation of Bhagavadajjuka, Sanskrit satirical play by Bodhayanakavi.
Study with text of Nyayadipika of Abhinavadharmabhusanacarya, 15th cent, work on Jaina logic and epistemology.
Index of a Prakrit Jaina canonical work.
Study with text of Vyutpattivada of Gadhadharabhattacarya, 17th/18th cent., work on verbal testimony (sabdapramana), presenting semantic approaches to Sanskrit case and suffix; includes text with translation.
History of sacred works of Hinduism.
On the contribution of Indian soldiers to the war between India and Pakistan over the territory of Kargil, India.
History of Koli, Indic people.
Presidential addresses delivered at various annual sessions of the Akhila Bharatiya Darsana-Parishad.
Contributed articles on the works of Kumara Vimala, b. 1931, Hindi author.
Articles on fundamentals of Hinduism, philosophy, and culture.
Study of 20th century Hindi poetry.
Text with commentary of Japuji Sahiba by Guru Nanak, 1469-1538, 1st guru of the Sikhs.
Education system in ancient India based on the caste system with special reference to its relevance in modern times.
Autobiograbhy of a porter from Ahmadnagar, Maharashtra.
Study of Brahmapurana, Hindu mythological text.
Dictionary of Angika language with explanations in Hindi.
Chiefly on medicine; includes very brief introduction to the culture of Tibet.
Contributed articles; includes profiles of the artists discussed.
Contributed articles on the works of Srilala Sukla, b. 1925, Hindi author.
History of India during the invasion by Arabs; covers the period, 712 A.D. to 871 A.D.
On the life of martyrs aged 6-20 years who laid down their lives during the struggle for independence against British rule in India; readings for children.
Contributed articles on the works of Ena. Simha, b. 1956, Hindi author with special reference to his writings on dalits.
On Hindu astrology.
Study of the history and development of Angika literature; covers the period ancient to modern times.
Musical compositions in Hindustani classical music; includes musical letter notation.
Compendium of company and securities laws, rules, regulations, notifications, and forms.
Account of author's journey to the legendary place called Xanadu in China where the fabled summer palace of Kublai Khan is located.
Social conditions of various tribal people of Khagrachari District, Bangladesh.
On the life and works of Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani, Ahmad ibn Ali, 1372-1449, historian from Egypt.
Papers presented at the 11th Annual Congress of Asia-Pacific Forum of Environmental Journalists and 2nd Congress of Commonwealth Environmental Journalists Association.
Bangladesh country papers and report of the CIRDAP-ESCAP National Workshop on Government-NGO Cooperation for Poverty Alleviation: Capability Building to Alleviate Rural Poverty under Economic Adjustments, held at Dhaka, Bangladesh, 16 Sept. 1997.
Collection of papers on institutions, civil society, and democracy in India.
Contributed articles.
On the life and works of Kabir, 15th century, Hindi devotional poet; transcript of papers presented during a conference at Bikaner on the occasion of 600th birth anniversary of Kabir.
Chiefly on the poetic works of contemporary women authors from Rajasthan, India.
Articles on Marathi literature.
Biography of Gajanana Yasavanta Manika, wrestler and social worker from Maharashtra.
On the plight of slum dwellers from Mumbai; first person narrative by a social worker.
Jhadi-Marathi dictionary.
Study on the works of Bee, 1872-1947, Marathi poet.
Study on simile in Jnanesvari, Hindu philosophical classic in Marathi by Jnanadeva, fl. 1290.
On the religious and mythological significance of an ammonite (Salagrama) stone emblem of Vishnu (Hindu deity); selections from Vedic lilterature.
Study of Agamadambara, Sanskrit play by Jayanta Bhatta,fl. 850-910,  Sanskrit author.
Papers presented at a conference, held in New Delhi during January 4-6, 1997; with special reference to India.
On Ramakrishna, 1836-1886, founder of Ramakrishna Mission.
Short stories and their dramatic adaptations into one-act plays.
With reference to India.
Reminiscences of Ramanatha Avasthi, Hindi author of his association with other 20th century Hindi authors; chiefly on their works; includes essays by Avasthi.
Sequel to Mangala bhavana, novel by Viveki Rai, b. 1927, Hindi author.
Study of the travel accounts of Bhagwat Saran Upadhyaya, b. 1910, Hindi author.
On the life and works of 20th century Maithili authors; articles previously published in various Maithili journals.
Administration of Tehri Garhwal, Princely State; a study; includes study of economy of the place; covers the period, 1815-1949.
Transcript of interviews with Bengali authors and theater personalities; chiefly on their works; previously published in Desa and Saradiya Desa, Bengali journals; translated from Bengali.
On the works of Padmasimha Sarma, 1877-1932, Hindi critic in the context of 20th century Hindi criticism.
Autobiography of Candrabhanu Gupta, 1902-1980, freedom fighter, nationalist, and former chief mininster of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Transcript of correspondences by various 20th century Hindi authors to Satisa Dube, b. 1942, Hindi author; chiefly on contemporary Hindi literature.
On the report of the Srikrishna Commission appointed for inquiry into the riots at Mumbai during December 1992-January 1993, and the March 12, 1993 bomb blasts, based on the statements made by the eyewitnesses.
Comprehensive study on Sankhya philosophy with reference to Jaina and Buddhist philosophy.
Narrative poem about the Sikh War, 1845-1846, with detailed introduction.
Historic civil disobedience movement in Andhra from 1930-1934.
Contributed research papers.
An attempt to present different aspects of the material culture of the people of the Vijayanagara times as depicted in the temples of those days.
Contributed articles on varied topics of research on Indian archaeology, cultural heritage, and museology.
Collection of papers discussed at the National Workshop on Natural Resource Acquisition, Rehabilitation, and Resettlement Bill, 1999 at Warora during Nov. 1999.
Collection of articles, papers, etc. related to Christianity in India.
With reference to Kerala, India.
Contributed articles.
With reference to India.
Hymns on Kamaksi, form of Durga, Hindu deity; study with text.
On Agra and Jaipur schools of Hindustani classical music.
Includes musical letter notation.
Study of the commentaries of Sankaracarya and Bhaskaracarya, 8th cent. on Brahmasutra of Badarayana, work on Vedanta philosophy.
Autobiographical reminiscences of a Hindu religious leader.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles.
Papers on Feminism, presented at various conferences.
Includes bibliographical references.
Study examines the U.S. presence in the Indian Ocean region, U.S. military assistance to Pakistan, and U.S. nuclear policy towards India.
Contributed articles evaluating the Catholic Church in India since the conclusion of the All India Seminar on Church in India held in 1969 in Bangalore.
Predominantly on the social life and customs of the Lambadi (Indic people).
Contributed articles.
Author's interviews with leading Indian cinematographers.
Contributed articles on Vijay Dhondopant Tendulkar's Ghasirama kotavala, Marathi play; a critical study.
Collection of papers presented at an International Conference on 'Population Issues on the Eve of 21st Century', held during the 21st Annual Meeting of the Indian Association for the Study of Population.
With reference to India.
Contributed articles presented at the 81st Annual Conference of the Indian Economic Association held at Bangalore on Dec. 26-28, 1998.
Addresses predominantly on university education in India and its importance.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
On pilgrims of Shaktism and cult of Sakti, Hindu deity in Orissa, India.
On various ragas and raga forms in Adi-Granth; includes hymns with musical letter notation
Collection of papers presented at a National Seminar on Folk Theatres held at Bhubaneswar in March 2000.
Study on the office of speaker of Lok Sabha; includes biographies of the speakers, 1952-2000.
Papers presented at sixtieth session of Indian History Congress at Calicut University on December 29, 1999.
Hindu philosophical classic with eight commentaries.
Hindu mythological text with Tilaka Sanskrit commentary by Nilakantha, 18th cent.
Neo-Nyaya treatise on verbal testimony presenting semantic approaches to Sanskrit case and suffix by Gadadharabhattacarya, 17th/18th century; includes Tattvabodhini Hindi commentary.
Classical work with Sanskrit and Hindi commentary and translation, on Hindu astronomy.
Study on the works of Bhavabhuti, 8th cent. Sanskrit dramatist.
Critical edition of Saiva canonical text.
Study of the works of Dhananjaya, 8th cent. Sanskrit author.
Rituals and mantras for the fasting (Vratas) in Hinduism.
Sanskrit text with English translation on ayurvedic system of Indic medicine.
On Hindu ethics and code of coduct; portion of Mahabharata, Hindu epic.
Work on Hindu rituals.
Classical commentary on Nyayasutra of Gautama, aphoristic work on Nyaya philosophy.
Sanskrit text with Hindi verse translation.
Sanskrit language conversation book.
Hymn to Kali, Hindu deity.; Sanskrit text with English commentary.
On spiritual life in Hinduism.
Contributed articles.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
With reference to India.
Study on child labor of Markapur, a region of Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Corpus of critical writings chiefly relates to Indic literature.
Contributed articles.
On psycoanalysis and culture.
Basic differences between city and village life in India.
With reference to developing countries.
Comparative study of Ramacaritamanasa of Tulasidasa and Ramayana of Madhawa Kandali.
Chiefly maps and plans by French cartographers.
Biography of Navalamalaji Phirodiya, b. 1910, Indian industrialist.
Selected songs of a Bengali Baul poet.
Retold.
Retold.
A joint exercise by UN agencies in Bangladesh to assess the development situation of the country.
Papers presented at Annual National Convention of Women for Women held at Dhaka on November 19-20, 1999.
On the economic prospects of community based environmental conservation in India.
On environmental conservation.
Chiefly a study of Indo Aryan literature with special reference to its use in Mithila, India; covers the period, 13th to 20th century.
Study of the works of Gulamanabi Rasalina, b. 1699, Braj poet.
Communal riots in Bihar, India; a study with special reference to the victimization of women; covers the period, 1979-1992.
Chiefly a study of Caurapancasika, erotic poem by Bilhana, 11th century Sanskrit author with special reference to aesthetics; includes very briefly the study of Satasai by Kavi Vihari Lala, Braj poet and the poetic works of Harbans Rai Bachchan, b, 1907, Hindi author.
Compilation of prayers and devotional songs for the worship of Sri Sai Baba, 1836-1918, Hindu mystic.
History of Vindhya Pradesh Region, India; covers the period, 12th to 17th century.
Diary of Jabira Husena, Urdu and Hindi author.
Dresses and costumes of people in the Mogul Empire; a study; covers the period, 1526 to 1764.
Ancient Sanskrit text on spherical trigonometry.
Pali text on Buddhist cosmology by Buddhist monk from Thailand; includes exhaustive introduction; critical edition.
Study on philosophy of Sanskrit language.
Ancient treatise on Yoga; Sanskrit text with English translation.
With reference to Nepal.
Vedic Sanskrit etymology and Nirukta of Yaska; a study.
Ayurvedic work on psychiatry.
Treatise with English transltion on ancient mathematics.
Anthology of Sanskrit gnomic verses compiled from Sanskrit texts; Sanskrit text with Hindi translation.
Articles on Sanskrit and Hindi poetry.
Collected works of Gumani Panta, 1790-1846, Sanskrit, Hindi and Kumauni author with Hindi translation.
Theory of perception in Slokavarttika, work on Mimamsa philosophy by Kumarila Bhatta.
Depiction of the spirit of nationalism in the novels by 20th century Hindi and Malayalam authors; a study.
On the cultural history of Chattisagarh, India; articles previously published in Dainika bhaskara, daily.
Folk tales from Chhattisgarh, India; text with Hindi translation.
Chiefly on Gondi grammar; includes briefly meanings of words and a selection of proverbs and riddles.
Study of the works of Trilocana, b. 1917, Hindi poet with special reference to progressive Hindi literature.
On the significance of guru in Sikhism.
Contributed articles on Panjabi Sufi poetry.
Commentary on Barahamaha, verses on twelve months of calendar in Adi-Granth, Sikh canon; includes text.
Critical study of Cauthi kuta, collection of short stories by Wariama Singha Sandhu, Panjabi writer.
Verse adaptation of selected verses from Rgveda, Hindu sacred work; includes text.
On the life of Jnanadeva, fl. 1290, Marathi saint poet.
Articles on historiography of Dalit and feminist movements in India.
Autobiography of a 20th century Marathi author.
Contributed articles on the Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh, Indian socio-cultural organization; published on 75 years of the Sangh.
Genealogy of Bhave family.
Articles on Marathi theater.
Cookery from Konkan Region.
Contributed articles on the works of Jibanananda Das, 1899-1954, Bengali poet.
With reference to Sri Lankan Buddhism.
Autobiographical reminiscences of a civil servant from Sri Lanka.
Festschrift in honor of Lionel Wendt, 1900-1944, photographer, musician from Sri Lanka; includes his brief biography and reproduction of his photographs.
Reminiscences and memoirs of several contemporaries and associates of Khushwant Singh, 1915, Indic English author; chiefly on his works.
On the life and works of Pande Bechan Sharma, 1901-1967, Hindi author.
On the works of Raghubir Sinh, 1908-1991, historian from Rajasthan, India with chief reference to his writings on Rajasthan and Maharashtra.
Contributed articles on the works of contemporary Nepali authors from India.
Study of the works of Dharmvir Bharati, b. 1926, Hindi author.
Anthology of papers selected from those presented at a seminar organized by Sahitya Akademi, New Delhi on March 14-16, 1998.
Contributed articles chiefly on the usage of Hindi language.
Origin and evolution of Hindi drama in the past hundred years; a study.
On the demand of a separate state for Uttar Khand Region, India and an account of the events; chiefly covers the period 1994-1995.
Study of Hindi literature on dalits by contemporary dalit authors.
Contributed articles on the life and work of Gajanan Madhav Muktibodh, 1917-1964, Hindi author.
On Chattisgarhi grammar, idioms, proverbs, and folk songs.
On Rama, Hindu deity.
Dictionary of linguistics chiefly phonetics, phonology and orthography.
On the life and work of Jai Prakash Narain, 1902-1979, freedom fighter and statesman.
On the life and work of Jai Prakash Narain, statesman.
Selection of humorous and satirical writings.
On the antiquities belonging to Sikh rulers preserved in United Kingdom.
Panjabi fiction writers on their technique of writing novel; papers presented at a workshop organized by Kendari Panjabi Lekhaka Sabha on 12-13 August 2000.
Critical study on Panjabi narrative poetry.
On the partition of Punjab.
Contributed articles on the life of Brahamajagadisha Singha, Panjabi critic.
Articles on life in Delhi, India.
With reference to India; contributed articles.
Held during Mar. 3-4, 2000, Jodhpur, India.
With reference to socio-cultural and literary history of Orissa, India.
Contributed essays, most on Indic philology.
Genealogy of Bhattarais, sub-caste of Brahmans in Nepal.
Contributed articles on Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Deva, King of Nepal, b. 1945.
Collection of poems in praise of Aishwarya Rajya Laxmi Devi Shah, Queen, consort of Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Deva, King of Nepal, b. 1949; volume to commemorate 52nd birth anniversary of the Queen.
Collection of poems in praise of Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Deva, King of Nepal, b. 1945; volume to commemorate 56th birth anniversary of the king.
Study on sculptors and craftsmen of India.
Travelogue on the United States by a Bengali author.
Description of author's visit to Czechoslovakia in 1960s.
Critical articles on the works of Jibanananda Das, 1899-1954, 20th century Bengali poet.
Study on humanization of Hindu Gods and Goddesses in Vedic literature.
Study on western influence in Bengali poetic literature of the 19th and 20th century.
On some Hindu vratas and religious customs used to be followed by Bengali Hindu women in 18th century in Bengal, India.
Articles chiefly on Bengali literature.
Critical articles on short stories of different Telugu authors.
Text with commentaries of the Act of Bangladesh.
Social conditions of the people of CHT Region of Bangladesh who had participated in the fights with the government of Bangladesh for the recognition of their rights and later surrendered.
Index of Malayalam manuscripts at the Oriental Research & MSS Library, University of Kerala.
On the musical instruments of Kerala, India.
Folk songs.
On ayurvedic treatment for children.
On the history of Mangalappuzha Seminary in Kerala, India.
On educational and social development of Kerala, India.
Contributed articles presented at a seminar on Kerala renaissance and social conditions in Kerala.
Study on the Hindu temples in Kerala, its legends and sagas.
Collection of essays on the history of Malayalam language.
Collection of articles on history of Kerala, India.
Autobiography of Sebasttyan Valloppilli, b. 1911, a Catholic bishop from Kerala, India; also contains history of Christianity in Kerala.
Biography of Pi. Ke. Em. Abulhasan, an Islamic scholar from Kerala, India.
Screen play.
Social life and customs of the people of Assam, India.
Complete works of a 20th century Assamese poet.
Contributed articles on the works of Candrakumara Agarawala, 1867-1938, Assamese poet.
Social life and customs of Ahom people of Assam, India.
Early Assamese Vaishnavite poetry; includes brief interpretation.
Selections from various issues of "Seuji seuji", Assamese journal on poetry.
History of Assam, India from 1228 to 1826.
Complete collection of novels by a 20th century Assamese author.
By various poets.
Articles on varried topics of contemporary Telugu literature.
Tantric work on the cult of Srividya, Hindu deity and Yantras for rituals.
Review of films acted by Akkineni Nagesvararavu, b. 1924, a Telugu actor.
Travelogue of a Telugu journalist comparing cultural life of United States of America and Andhra Pradesh, India.
Neo-tantric yantras of Hinduism.
On Chandahsutra of Pingala, work on Sanskrit prosody; includes Telugu interpretation of the text.
Complete works; includes editorial introduction.
Verse work on self-realization.
Essence of Dwags-po Bka-brgyud-pa's doctrine.
Writings, chiefly on social life and civilization of Thailand.
History and developments of missionaries and Church of Christ in Thailand; volume brought out at its 60th anniversary.
Contributed articles on royal court procedures, various royal ceremonies, and customs in Thailand.
Report of a survey on child labour in Thailand.
Historical novel; relates to the Anuradhapura period, 3rd cent. BC-10th cent. A.D.
Weapons used by soldiers in the army of Genghis Khan, 1162-1227, Mongol ruler.
Tariff law and legislation of World Trade Organization; with some reference to Mongolia.
Biography of Esen Taish, 1407-1454, Mongol ruler.
Biography of ancient Mongol rulers.
Buddhist oracles in Mongolia and on Cho. Luvsan, 1901-1937, oracle practitioner.
History of Mongols during 1147-1898.
General encyclopedia; with emphasis on Mongolia.
On Mongolian history.
On Buddhist logic; with special reference to Inner Mongolia and Mongolia.
Encyclopedia on the traditional herding, employment, social life, and economic conditions of the Mongols.
On Genghis Khan, 1162-1227, Mongol ruler.
Two texts on Madhyamika philosophy according to Bka-brgyud-pa tradition.
History of Mdo-khams Chu-bzi Sgan-drug Bstan-srun Dan-blans-dmag, guerilla organization of Tibet fought against Chinese armies.
Study on the songs of Hasana Raja, 1854-1922; includes selected songs written by him.
On the work of some contemporary painters of Bangladesh.
Articles chiefly on political events of Bangladesh between 1970 to 2000; includes transcripts of interviews with the author.
Study on ten compositions by various composers in Carnatic style of music; includes text.
With reference to India in general and Tripura state in particular.
Introductions to works on Islamic literature; written by Islamic scholars of Deoband school of Islamic thought.
Life and works of Kalidas Gupta Raza, Urdu poet; contributed articles.
Study on Kodagu language.
On various Carnatic musicians.
On the works of Jan Nisar Akhtar, 1914-1976, Urdu poet.
Rural conditions of a village in Malenadu Region of Karnataka.
On the life and works of Gurugovinda Vithaladasa, 1894-1983, Kannada religious poet.
History of Carnatic music in the court of Wadiyars, rulers of Mysore, Princely State.
Exhaustive study on Carnatic classical music.
Critical articles on modern Kannada literature.
On the life and works of Niranjana, 1923-1992, Kannada author.
Biography of Em. Vi. Laksminarasimhayya, first saxophone player Carnatic style.
Articles on culture, nature, and aesthetics in India; with special reference to Karnataka.
On Shiism.
On trade union movement in India; with special reference to Karnataka.
Study on Kannada Lingayat poetry from that part of Karnataka which was once a part of Hyderabad, Princely State.
Study on Kumararama, legendary hero from Karnataka, as depicted in historical chronicles (kaiphiyattu) in Kannada prose literature.
Articles, chiefly on Kannada literature.
Study on rural condition in Kannada literature.
On the life of Rsabhadeva, Jaina Tirthankara.
Festschrift honoring Du. Nim. Belagali, b. 1931, Kannada author; comprises contributed articles on his life and works, alongwith his brief autobiography.
Devotional songs, with beat and melody indication.
Autobiographical memoirs of a former inspector general of police from Bangladesh; includes political and administrative events of erstwhile East Pakistan and Bangladesh during 1950-1990.
Collection of selected short stories by a Bengali author from Bangladesh.
Cultural history of Bengali, South Asian people till 1947.
Study on photographic coverage and status of photojournalism in the newspapers of Bangladesh.
Contributed articles on Titasa ekati nadira nama, a novel by Advaita Mallabarmana, 1914-1951, Bengali author.
Cultural history of Bengalis from Bangladesh from 19th century onwards; contributed articles.
History of India since early period.
Study on influence of the Ramayana of Valmiki, as reflected in Bengali literature during 15th to 19th century.
Ten short stories by contemporary Telugu authors; includes brief backdrop and evaluation of the stories.
On the evolution of criticism of modern Telugu drama.
Play on the life of T. Prakasam, 1872-1957, first chief minister of Andhra Pradesh; based on his autobiography "Na jivitayatra".
On the life of Telugu poet Garimella Satyanarayana, 1893-1952.
Complete works of a Telugu author and humorist.
On Kausalya, Hindu mythological character.
On the art of painting; includes bio-bibliography of modern Telugu painters.
On history of Oriya literature from 15th cent. to 20th cent.; includes bio-bibliography of authors.
On Sanskrit riddles.
On Telugu light music; includes bio-bibliography of composers.
On anti-marxist interpretations of Marxism by K. Balagopal, a prominent human rights lawyer in Andhra Pradesh.
Collection of articles on contemporary Telugu literature; on values and beliefs in literature.
Autobiography of Tibetan political prisoner Rwa-sgren Bstan-pa-tshe-rin, b. 1936.
Critical appreciation of 20th century Urdu literature.
Life and works of Muhammad Sharfuddin Sahil, Urdu scholar and crtic.
Self criticism of a Sri Lankan Tamil author's life and works.
Includes bibliographical references (p. 138-139).
In the Indian context.
Collection of papers presented at a National Seminar on "Development Experiences in the Indian Economy: Inter-State Perspectives" held in New Delhi on Dec. 1-2, 1997.
On the life and works of Mayangnokcha, 1901-1988, educationist and teacher from Nagaland.
Collection of limericks.
In the context of Sri Lanka.
Country papers of Workshop on "Drug Abuse Prevention Programme in Asia for Marginalised Youth."
Papers submitted at a training seminar at Colombo, Sri Lanka.
On the works of Bhupi Seracana, 1935-1989, Nepali poet.
Study on the Nepali folk literature.
Dictionary of Doteli dialect of Nepali.
Anthology of contemporary Nepali poetry.
Study on representation of women in Malayalam novel.
A biography of Vaikkom Muhammad Basheer, b. 1910, a Malayalam fiction writer.
Critical study on Oru sankirttanam pole, a novel by Perumpatavam Sridharan, 1940.
Legends about the Guruvayoor temple in Kerala, India.
A brief history of Calicut, India; a city in Kerala.
Contributed articles on the life and works of a great percussion music maestro, Mattannur Sankarankutti, from Kerala, India.
Collection of selected short novels of a Malayalam author.
Study on the history and Christianity of Kerala, India during the 19th century.
Travel writings of a Malayalam novelist on his visit to Russia.
Collection of prize winning short stories by woman authors.
On Telugu poets of Golconda, India and their contribution to Telugu literature; papers presented at a seminar held on 03/30/2000 at Hyderabad, India.
Critical articles on Buddhism; most with reference to Sri Lanka.
Bibliographical life of modern Telugu authors; includes photo feature.
Collection of papers read at a seminar on the life and works of Popati Hiranandani, Sindhi writer.
Songs by a 20th century Bengali poet; includes critical comments on his life and works.
Birth centenary commemorative volume on the life and works of Kazi Nazrul Islam, 1899-1976; contributed articles, reminiscences, etc.
Collection of folk poems and songs; includes introductory comments.
Critical articles chiefly on Bengali literature, by an eminent writer and educationist.
Contributed articles on Bengali films and film making with reference to West Bengal, India.
Comprehensive history of Golog Zangzu Zizhizhou place in Tibet and Buddhist temples in Golog area.
Articles chiefly on Bengali literature from 1000 A.D. to 1400 A.D.
Autobiography of Tibetan woman civil servant and political situation of Tibet during Chinese invasion.
Polemical writing on the recognition and authenticity of reincarnated 17th Karmapa O-rgyan-phrin-las-rdo-rje, b. 1985.
Study on a genre of folk drama, "Bolana", from West Bengal, India; includes texts and music in letter notations of the songs of the drama.
Letters of Amiya Chandra Chakravarty, Bengali poet and scholar, addressed to Pramatha Chaudhuri, Bengali writer and editor.
Contributed articles on the Ramajanmabhumi-Babari Masjid controversy.
Handbook on the super cyclone that hit Orissa, India in 1999.
On religious thoughts and ethics in works of Saraladasa, Oriya poet.
Handbook on Kanika, Orissa, India.
Contributed articles chiefly on Oriya literature; festschrift in honor of 60th birth anniversary of Gaganendranath Dash, Oriya author and critic.
Study on humor in Sanskrit literature; includes samplings of Sanskrit verses with commentary and translation.
Articles chiefly on administrative and social issues affecting people of West Bengal since 1947.
Administrative and social conditions of Bengal from 1845 to 1855; collected articles reproduced from the Bengali periodical "Rangapura bartabaha".
History of Munda, Indic people, from early period to 1960s now residing in Bihar and parts of West Bengal, India.
On the theme of modernity as reflected in the novel Cokhera bali by Rabindranath Tagore, 1861-1941.
Contributed articles on various genres of folk drama prevalent in  rural West Bengal, India.
On Lakshmi (Hindu deity).
On the contribution of Arunodai, an Assamese monthly magazine for enrichment of Assamese culture and literature.
Anthology of love poems by 20th century Assamese poets.
Critical articles on history of Assamese literature from 19th to 20th century.
Collection of proverbs.
Literary articles.
Brief biographies of celebrities from Tamil Nadu.
On modern Telugu prose poetry.
Contributed articles on feminism in Andhra Pradesh, India.
On the life of Cakilam Srinivasaravu, 1923-1996, politician from Andhra Pradesh, India; contributed articles.
Collection of reminiscences of friends and comrades of Nilam Rajasekharareddi, 1918-1994, a communist and politician of Andhra Pradesh.
Life and times of Osman Ali, Nizam of Hyderabad, 1886-1967.
On the works of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938, Urdu and Persian poet.
Includes editorial introduction.
History of Oudh, India.
Articles, chiefly on 20th century Urdu literature.
On the works of Mir Taqi Mir, d. 1810, Urdu poet.
Contributed articles, chiefly on Urdu poetry.
On poverty management in Indian context.
Collection of letters.
On the life and works of Vyasaraya Ballala, 1923-2008, Kannada author.
Articles on modern Kannada literature.
Historical analysis of the origin of Bants or Nadavas, caste from Tulunadu, Karnataka.
On the the life and works of Narasimhasastri Devudu, 1896-1963, Kannada author.
On the life and works of Bi. Puttasvamayya, b. 1897, Kannada playwright and novelist.
Complete works of a Kannada author.
History of the erstwhile Keladi Kingdom and Bekal Fort in Karnataka.
On the life and works of Caduranga, b. 1916, Kannada playwright.
Encyclopedia, chiefly of Hindu temples in Karnataka.
On traditional games and amusements from Tulunadu.
Perambulation of Madhva, 13th century Hindu philosopher and Vaishnavite religious leader, in Tulunadu.
On Hindu temples from South Kanara and Udupi districts of Karnataka.
On the life and works of Kota Shivarama Karanth, b. 1902, Kannada author.
On the life and works of Ram. Sri. Mugali, b. 1906, Kannada author.
On the life and works of Chandrasekhara Kambar, b. 1938, Kannada author.
Study on the life and works of Kuvempu, b. 1904, Kannada author.
By various authors.
Contributed articles on various aspects of Vittal, town in South Kanara District, Karnataka; published on golden jubilee of Vithala Vidyasangha, educational institution.
On the life and works of Vinayak Krishna Gokak, 1909-1999, Kannada author.
Study on minor dynasties of Karnataka.
Representative medieval Lingayat poetry in Kannada.
On the life and works of E. En. Murtirav, b. 1900, Kannada author.
Study on the life and works of Dattatreya Ramachandra Bendre, 1896-1981, Kannada author.
Study on the life and works of D.V. Gundappa, Kannada author.
Compilation of the rates of sales tax applicable to the goods in the schedules annexed to 24 states sales tax acts.
Articles on 20th century Kannada literature.
Miscellaneous aspects of Bangalore City as experienced by the author.
Artticles on Kannada poetry and langauge.
On Tulu civilization.
Folk songs.
Directory of Tulu authors and artists from Tulunadu.
On the life and work of Bharatitirtha, Jagadguru of Sringeri Mutt, Saivite monastery.
Excerpts from dialogues from Yaksagana plays, delivered by Seni Gopalakrsna Bhatta, b. 1918, Yaksagana performer.
History of freedom movement of 1799 in Vittal, town in Tulunadu, Karnataka.
Study on significance of water and fire in Hinduism and in Kannada folklore.
Commemoration volume brought out at bicentenary celebration of Tulunadu, which was named as Canara in 1799.
By various 20th century Kannada authors.
On the life and works of En. En. Kakkata, a Malayalam poet.
On Ahmadiyya, a sect in Islam.
On Islamic traditions; Shiah viewpoint.
On Urdu ghazal.
In defence of Ahmadiyya sect in Islam.
Murder in the name of God; Ahmadiyya interpretation.
Articles on Persian literature.
Collection of editorials chiefly on Urdu literature published in "Gulban", Urdu bimonthly; includes critical appreciation.
Collection of quotations of Mahatma Gandhi, 1869-1948, Indian statesman.
On Hindustani classical music; translated from Marathi.
Didactic tales and fables; translated from Sanskrit.
On Mongolian wolves and on folklore on them.
Buddhist prayer-book and articles on the ritual of offering to the mountain of Khentii Aimag, sacred motherland of Genghis Khan, 1167-1227, Mongol ruler.
On the life and works of D. Natsagdorzh, 1906-1937, Mongolian author.
Chiefly on Mongolian traditional customs and medicine.
History of Mongolian sculpture.
Research work on ancient Mongols and other ethnic groups.
Collection of articles on religious and traditional significance of scapulars in Mongolia.
Political situation in present day Burma; articles.
Activities of the Nuin nam to E khyam Sa ya re nhan Phvam phrui re Konci (State Peace and Development Council), in development of Burma.
On the works of selected Burmese short story writers; includes sample of their works.
On attaining Nirvana, emancipation from rebirths.
On politics in Burma, 1990-2000; articles.
Life and work of Ashin Vicittasarabhivamsa, b. 1911, Burmese Buddhist monk.
Didactic letters for girl child.
Economic development in Kachin State since 1994.
Cover title.
Biographies of contemporary scientific inventors and industrialists in Burma.
Rules of life for the Burmese, based on the code of conduct for Buddhist laymen.
Gospel of Matthew in Burmese; mimeographic reproduction of the hand-written manuscript of and translated by Rev. Adoniram Judson, 1788-1850.
Buddhist doctrines in practice.
A study; comprises articles that appeared in Guardian monthly magazine, published from Rangoon, in issues for August 1962-May 1964.
Report with reference to various places of project coverage in Burma.
Code of conduct in society according to Islam.
Words from Urdu primer with equivalents in Arabic, Burmese, and English; includes pronunciation in Burmese alphabet.
Conduct for the youth in Burma.
On the code of conduct for Muslim women, as instructed in Koran and Hadith.
History and description of Puik san, a village in Pakokku District, Burma.
On the qualities considered to be negative in a woman as per Islamic teachings.
Handbook on religious practices in everyday life for Muslim women.
On Shafaat, mediation between God and man, according to Islam.
On the day of judgment according to Islam.
Islamic interpretation of dreams.
On Islamic code of conduct for women.
History of the Brahmans in Burma.
On the world of devils in Islamic concept.
Teachings of a Burmese Buddhist monk, on Buddhist precepts.
Burmese proverbs, with their background legends.
On the contribution to Tamil journalism by C. Rajagopalachari, 1878-1972, Indian statesman and author.
Study on the society, culture and ideology of Jaffna district in Sri Lanka.
Complete short stories of a Tamil author.
Selected short stories of a Tamil author.
Selected short stories of a Tamil author.
Tamil language dictionary.
Includes translation of second and fourth treatises called Bsad rgyud and Phyi rgyud of the Rgyud bzi along with life of great physician-saint Gyu-thog Yon-tan-mgon-po.
Life and works of Abdushshakur Faruqi Lakhnavi, 1876-1962, Indian Islamic scholar.
Interview of Anvar Shaikh, b. 1928, Urdu writer about the works of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, 1877-1938; Urdu and Persian poet.
Articles on 20th century Urdu literature.
On Urdu poetry.
Teachings of a Burmese Buddhist monk.
History and description of Kusinarum Bhu ra, pagoda in Moulmein, Burma.
Articles on Burmese medicine.
On Burmese theater and theater songs.
History of nine Buddhist shrines and pagodas in Pakokku District, Burma.
On the true spirit of Buddhism as taught by the Buddhist priests in Burma.
Stories for children.
On animals in the Burmese folk poetry; articles.
On Gurkhas, Nepalese people, settled in Burma.
On the life of Abulhasan Ali Nadvi, b. 1913, Indian Islamic scholar.
Bow songs in praise of Rama, Hindu deity.
On literary tradition as propounded by Arumuga Navalar, 1822-1879, Tamil scholar and Saivite leader from Sri Lanka, and his followers.
Selected short stories of Acokamittiran, b. 1931, Tamil author.
Selected speeches, mostly on Tamil language and literature, by M. Karunanithi, b. 1924, Tamil author and former chief minister of Tamil Nadu.
Study on Tirukkural, ancient Tamil didactic poetry, by Tiruvalluvar, Tamil poet; a new perspective.
Commentary on an anthology of Saivite hymns.
Politics, as reflected in the works of Paratitacan, 1891-1964, Tamil author.
Study on the depiction of contemporary history of Tamil Nadu, India, in Tamil poetry.
Selected short stories of a Tamil author.
Based on Tamil Sinhalese conflict.
History of Pallars, a schedule caste in Tamil Nadu, and their evolution in politics.
Anthology by women writers.
Social ideas in the works of Swami Ramalinga, 1823-1874, Tamil religious poet.
A study.
Public administration in Tamil Nadu.
Study on the grammar and literary style in Tamil epics.
Complete works of a Tamil poet.
On the life and activities of Mu. Pi. Palacuppiramaniyan, b. 1939, Tamil author and literary critic.
History of Tamil research.
Study on the construction of language in Tamil literature.
Critical analysis of a novel by Ka. Vai. Palanicami, Tamil author; contributed articles.
Brief biography of various literary personalities and literary critics of India.
Contributed articles on Tamil litterateurs of Tirunelveli District; includes their brief biography.
Dictionary of herbs used in Siddha system of Indic medicines.
Author's rendering of folk stories of Madurai district in Tamil Nadu.
Tamil, Tamils, and Tamil Nadu in the world of internet.
Critical analysis of the writings of Acokamittiran, b. 1931, Tamil author; includes samples of his works.
Critical analysis of the works of Cuntara Ramacami, b. 1931, Tamil author; includes samples of his works.
Critical analysis of the writings of La. Ca. Ramamirutam, b. 1916, Tamil author; includes samples of his works.
On history of Oriya literature.
Contains the number of enterprises, employment, wages and salaries, items of income and expenses, net operating surplus and data by business size.  Some data are classified by State.  Additional detail, including various operating ratios, is not included in this publication but available on request.
Seventeen-year-old Ellis finds himself in a series of increasingly bizarre situations in the twenty-four hours following a chance meeting with a childhood acqaintance and three mysterious sisters.
Moriori tree carvings in the Chatham Islands (Rekohu), New Zealand, were recorded and located. Trees with carvings were found in 5 separate areas on Chatham Island: Te Waroa, Hapupu, Taia, Lake Kairae, and New Barker Bros. Ltd. Block. Carvings on 147 trees were recorded using stereophotogrammetry. The location of each tree was recorded by cadastral survey. The locations are shown on maps of each area, and tables of coordinates are provided. Comments, based on field observations, are made about the reasons for the carvings.
Examines the incidence of low pay, earnings mobility and transition patterns of low paid adult wage and salary earners.  A feature of the paper is that it examines how recent joblessness impacts on the subsequent labour market transitions of these people.
An illustrated collection of fifteen traditoonal tales including "The Frog Prince," "The Three Spinners," and "The Wolf and the Seven Little Kids."
Trailing home behind her mother after a long morning of shopping, Dorothy imagines that all sorts of frightful creatures are trying to hurry her along.
An illustrated collection of twenty-four nonsense poems on a variety of topics.
Inspired by his grandchildren and by children he sees at school, Mr. Elliot, the school custodian, decides to learn how to read.
The feasibility of the aerial application of bait to kill wasps was investigated as a technique for large-scale poisoning of wasps in areas of 1000-5000 ha. Bait attractiveness to wasps was determined and interest in baits by non-target species recorded.
An introductory textbook on Russian civil law, particularly parts I and II of the Civil Code of Russia, which took effect in 1995-96.  The text consists of summaries of law school lectures.  Chapter headings are: The concept of civil law. Civil legal relationships. Citizens as the subjects of civil law. Legal entities. Deals/contracts. Limitation of actions. Property and other material law. General section of the law of obligations. Primary civil-law contracts. Copyright. Patent rights. Obligations for causing harm. Inheritance law.
A collection of lectures on the subject of hooliganism, including excerpts of decisions by the Supreme Court of the RSFSR and published judicial practice.  Excerpts of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation are cited to distinguish hooliganism from related crimes.
Collection of serial publications of Shimane-ken covering labor, wages, and directory of labor union; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Shimane-ken covering health insurance, employer and employee insurance.
Collection of serial publications of Shimane-ken covering school, youth activity, and library.
Collection of serial publications of Shimane-ken covering aguriculture, forestry, silk industry and fishery.
Collection of serial publications of Shimane-ken; covering local government's politics, policy and finance.
Collection of serial publications of Shimane-ken; covering commerce, industry and enterprise.
Collection of serial publications of Shimane-ken; covering traffic control, disaster prevention, and public safety.
Collection of serial publications of Saitama-ken, covering public health,  hygine, environmental protection; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Saitama-ken; covering welfare, social security, and safety measurements.
Collection of serial publications of Saitama-ken, covering agriculture, forestry and live stock, silk industry and fishery ; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Saitama-ken covering commerce, industry, and enterprise.
Collection of serial publications of Saitama-ken; covering price index,  wage, labor, income, and taxation.
Collection of serial publications of Saitama-ken covering schools, education, and libraries.
Collection of serial publications of Saitama-ken covering local government policy, public works, and enterprices.
An overview of Afro-American history, emphasizing the struggles of black Americans to achieve full citizenship and overcome discrimination as well as their contributions in science, the arts, politics, sports, and other fields.
Cremation volume for Chinda Chanthrason, 1914-1998; comprises her brief biography, condolences, and works on Thai government agencies reorganization by her son Prof. Woradet Chanthrason.
Study on need for educational reform in Thailand.
Study on money, money market, and financial institutions with reference to Thai economic conditions.
Compilation of 688 black-and-white illustrations from 16 Dover nature coloring books.
When a pet tarantula spider goes looking for a treat, she frightens the entire family.
Diagrams and instructions for mastering more than twenty advanced yo-yo tricks plus a review of the basics.
A collection of poems arranged in such categories as "Mystery," "Animals," "Childhood," "War," and "Love."
Describes sights and events of interest in Boston, including historic buildings, the Boston Public Garden, Beacon Hill, and the Freedom Trail. Contains related games and activities.
Recounts the involvement of Odysseus and the other Greek heroes in the Trojan War and the hardships and adventures endured by Odysseus on his way home from the war. Site reconstructions, photographs, and other archeological evidence depict the civilization of the Greek world at the time of this legendary story.
Includes war narrative, biographies of fellow soldiers and return visit to Okinawa in 1995.
All the barnyard animals sing their favorite tunes, and invite preschoolers to join in with a woof, a peep, a moo and a cheep.
Follows the journey of the Wise Men from their homes to Bethlehem.
A rhyming Christmas story introduces numbers, from ten joyful angels to one baby Jesus.
Relates how the shape, colors and texture of candy canes can symbolize the essence of Christmas.
Winnie the Pooh always says "please," but needs practice to remember to thank his friends.
Mickey Mouse finds something special about every day of the week in this rhyming tale.
Martin and Pauline look for the owner of a wallet they find and help catch a thief in the process.
Birds and animals hiding behind lift-up flaps encourage the reader to copy their movements.
A simple poem introduces the active life of the bumblebee.
In this rhyming tale, Roo invites Winnie the Pooh to spend the night, and they have fun in the bathtub.
While visiting Egypt with her parents, Anna follows a cat into a tomb and meets Nefertari who gives her a tour and explains about ancient Egyptian gods and customs.
On board pages.
Provides the words and, at the push of a button, the melody to four songs about modes of transportation.
All of the animals help prepare the manger for baby Jesus.
In 1926, a childless couple takes in an abandoned baby boy who, despite being mentally handicapped, grows to display special talents, and finds a happy niche for himself in their English countryside community.
Pop Eyes and the other frogs keep bullying Hugo, who is only a very small frog with a very small croak, until his friends help him find his voice.
Bedtime Bear gathers up all the other toys, and supervises as they exchange kisses, hugs and lullabies, then snuggle in for the night.
Pop-up pigs preparing for a birthday party illustrate this retelling of the classic nursery rhyme.
Children imitate the actions of animals, including running like a horse and slithering like a snake.
A little boy chooses the correct clothes to wear in different kinds of weather so that he can play outside with his toys.  Accompanying stickers allow the reader to help the boy get dressed.
Children imagine what they would do if they were a firefighter, astronaut, veterinarian, race car driver, baker, painter, pilot, conductor or teacher.
A baby shakes things all through the house looking for a lost rattle in this rhyming tale.
Photographs and simple text show happy, surprised and sleepy faces intended to stimulate and entertain babies.
In 1834, five-year-old Jane DeBow is brought to Sioux territory in what is now Minnesota, where she is raised by both the missionaries that kidnapped her and the Dakota people they are trying to convert to Christianity.
A boy gets help from a magical friend to compete in a sumo wrestling exhibition in this Hawaiian version of Cinderella.
A common man proves to be more princely than aristocrats in this Hawaiian version of The princess and the pea.
A little girl puts on special outfits to visit the Arctic, Africa, the South Seas, the Wild West and a fancy party.  Accompanying stickers allow the reader to help the girl dress up.
While on a field trip to study native plants, Kenneth and Aleesa are transported to Hawaii in the 1890s, where they see first-hand the final days of the reign of Queen Liliuokalani and learn about native rights.
In late Victorian England, a young Englishman attempts to discover why a feeling of deep depression seems to overpower all who enter the ancient home of Holmescroft.
"Billy, Navy Wife forms a matched set with A Different Kind of War (See: D769.64 .M5), the chronicle of the World War II service of Wilma Miles' husband, Vice Admiral Milton (Mary) E. Miles"-- Forward.
Sunny continues to grapple with the fact that her mother is dying of cancer.
A collection of short stories about Nintotem City, a fictional small college town in southern Indiana.
Martin is frightened when he is kidnapped by a man who turns out to be his mother's boyfriend, but when the plan to get money from Martin's father goes awry and things get even more confusing, Martin finds an ally in the kidnapper's daughter.
Colorful board books show Babe and his friends with words describing pictures that correspond to the alphabet, colors, numbers, and sounds.
Describes new creatures that are made by combining inanimate objects with real animals.
Discusses the properties of electricity and describes how it is made and used.
Pooh is trying to think but is distracted by all sorts of noises, which the reader can copy by shaking the book.
Each of the March sisters tries to spend her tenth birthday in her own special way, and learns that growing up sometimes means putting others first.
In two turn-of-the-century tales, a young Englishman and an artist have unexpected encounters with the supernatural which cause each of them to make life-changing choices.
Faith's Scottish grandmother and father teach her to choose faith over fear in her daily life on the nineteenth-century American frontier, even when she meets the local Indians.
A runaway teen from the city finds a home and hope with a crawfisherman as they fight the seas together in a remote area near Dongara, Australia.
Scenes from the Middle Earth fantasy world of dragons, wizards and goblins are illustrated in this book of pop-ups, pull-tabs and excerpts from the text.
Preschoolers are introduced to a variety of textures as they find everyday objects hidden behind fabric swatches.
Rhymes, illustrations and simple instructions introduce four simple games to play with babies.
It's bedtime and Pat is nowhere to be found, but the reader may search for the bunny behind a variety of flaps to lift and touch.
In this wordless picture book, a girl and several woodland animals see a beautiful sight while walking in the woods one snowy evening.
While trying to cope with the hostility of her new stepsister, eleven-year-old Zibby finds that she must also deal with two ghosts, one annoying and one truly dangerous, who live in her dollhouse.
A bully is beating up students in Jake Sherman's eighth grade class and it looks as if no one can stop him, until Jake causes his buddy Josh to switch bodies with the principal.
While investigating a case of a missing person and a cat, The Puzzle Club learns the message of Easter: that because Jesus rose from the dead and promised He would be with us forever, nothing is hopeless.
In Margaret River, Australia, two seventh-grade outsiders become rescuers of injured animals and of each other, too, as they overcome their weaknesses through surfing, tutoring, and friendship.
One more night of flour soup and chopped tomatoes is more than Italian farmer, Piero, can stand, but when he loses his temper he and his wife accidentally invent one of the world's most popular foods.
By lifting flaps on each page, the reader helps Curious Kitten discover many interesting things in the house and back yard.
By lifting flaps on every page, the reader shares Little Lamb's adventures as he experiences his first spring.
When Augustus finds a clown's nose and puts it on, his drab, gray world is transformed into a circus of color and excitement.
Retells the Easter story, focusing on what one might have seen, heard, smelled and felt while travelling to the tomb and finding Jesus gone.
When a mysterious stranger takes up residence in the treehouse they've just built, Bill and the gang learn a lesson about racism.
The reader is invited to guess who wears a purple hat, colorful buttons of various shapes, and other unusual attire.
Provides historical and cultural information as well as a guide to the sights of Chicago and its suburbs.
A humorously illustrated collection of funny and thought-provoking poems about insects.
Highlights baby books, preschool and picture books, poetry and anthologies, early readers, fiction, special needs, award winners, and titles appropriate for toddlers.  A section on how to use the internet to look for children's books is also included.
The gang has trouble on the water as Bill, Circus and Little Jim are caught in a flood of Sugar Creek, then Poetry, Dragonfly and Bill are canoeing on Pass Lake, Minnesota when a big storm hits.
Neither the return of Big Bob Till, Dragonfly's report that his mother saw a ghost, nor a mysterious note warning that a cave is haunted will keep the gang from spending a night alone there.
In 1937 twelve-year-old Isabel Harrington lives in Seattle and dreams of seeing Walt Disney's Snow White, but when homeless men steal Christmas gifts from her father and people insult her best friend's family just for being Japanese American, she learns ways to combat injustice.
Ben plays with the box his mother's new washing machine came in, pretending it is a spaceship, a submarine, and a ledge for battling dragons.
Pooh Bear and his friends share Christmas stories, both classic and new, and rediscover that friends are the best gift of all.
A good prince, turned into a frog by a spiteful wizard, exacts from a princess a promise which she is reluctant to fulfill, despite his kindness and her desire not to hurt him.
Story is interspersed with emails as well as journal and diary entries.
Sarah-Jane and her two cousins try to uncover the identity of the mysterious old woman who makes the sock monkeys sold at the local craft store.
Illustrated and recorded version of a song that suggests there may be bugs, frogs, or lobsters on others, but not on the singer.
A young boy visits his grandmother in Holland, Michigan during the Tulip Time Festival and enjoys seeing a windmill and parades, hearing stories and music, and looking for the perfect souvenir.
A dinosaur travels the world as a "dinotourist" visiting the leaning tower of Pisa and other famous landmarks, much to the distress of the other tourists.
His neighbor's new African gray parrot gives Titus and his two cousins a new mystery to solve.
A mouse with an unusual name shares his musical gift with a widowed concert pianist.
Elmo draws animals and other figures on the sidewalk and invites the reader to do the same.
Float, fly, or drive along as a young jet gets caught in a storm, a fire engine goes on his first call, a tugboat saves a rowboat, and other vehicles do their jobs.
Rhyming text and illustrations that teach how to tell time present an hour in a small boy's life one hectic Monday morning.
The adventures of a mischievous young boy and his friends growing up in a Mississippi River town in the nineteenth century.
Tigger loves bouncing and telling tall tales, but what will happen when he's all bounced out?
An illustrated collection of fifteen nursery rhymes, including both popular and lesser-known selections.
The familar folktale is recast in a modern city setting with a young girl as the main character.
Celebrates the bells, bustle, treats and love that make up Christmas celebrations.
While investigating a case of a missing person and a cat, The Puzzle Club learns the message of Easter: that because Jesus rose from the dead and promised He would be with us forever, nothing is hopeless.
A fairy tale playset which includes simple retellings of Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, and Cinderella.
In early twentieth-century New York State, twelve-year-old Polly uses her determination and skills to help give the beautiful race horse, Pretty Lady, another chance to be in the winner's circle.
Simple text and illustrations portray children talking about their feelings, fairness, and getting along with others. Each book includes suggested activities and summaries of related stories.
A snowman answers the question, what can you do with snow?
A rhyming tale in which Santa describes his Christmas Eve activities.
A rhyming tale in which a young angel learns about the fun of being in a heavenly band.
A rhyming tale of Santa's youngest reindeer, who plays in the snow and practices for the day he'll help pull the sleigh.
A short rhyme and pop-up illustrations present Bitty Bear's trip to the circus.
Flip the pages to see Woody dance with Jessie, then turn the book over and watch Slinky Dog rescue Rex.
The Little Engine takes a group of toys, from one little clown to ten bright kites, all the way to town.
The Little Engine and a clown discover a variety of colors in the world around them.
Santa Claus spends Christmas Eve delivering presents, then returns to the North Pole for a wonderful surprise.
A colorful puppy spends a day playing.
A colorful kitten spends a day playing.
A fire truck describes its trip to a fire and how it helps rescue the people there.
Miss Mouse has a new tea set and wants to have a party, even if Little Mouse doesn't like tea.
A pig demonstrates all the ways to get dirty.
A very special cow invites the reader to sing, dance and more.
Presents names and pictures of the faces of familiar farm animals.
Presents names and pictures of the faces of familiar zoo animals.
A pink octopus and other ocean creatures help teach about colors.
A group of friends introduce counting as they play a variety of sports.
Elmo's Sesame Street friends are hiding from him, and the reader can help find them.
As Old MacDonald works around the farm, he counts all the animals.
Social and political satire on the frontier region of Tijuana by editor-author of Baja California (Mexicali, 1965). This work was awarded the state cultural institute's "Premio Estatal de Literatura" for cultural journalism in 1998.
Children's literature published in the Occupation Period (including some during WWII) covering fiction, picture books, comic books, plays, poems, biographies, and adaptations of foreign books; including incomplete sets and duplicates.
Children's literature published in the Occupation Period (including some before and during WWII) covering fiction, picture books, comic books, plays, poems, biographies, and adaptations of foreign books; including incomplete sets and duplicates.
Children's literature published in the Occupation period (including some before and during WWII) covering fiction, picture books, comic books, plays, poems, biographies, and adaptations of foreign books; including incomplete sets and duplicates.
Collection of serials published by Yamagata-ken; covering the economics, income, and consumer economy; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Yamagata-ken; covering mining, manufacturing industry, and trade.
Collection of serial publications issued by Yamagata-ken; covering laboring, wage, and laborer's insurance; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Yamagata-ken; covering publication, catalog, and index.
Collection of serial publications of Yamagata-ken; covering medical insurance and hygienic survey, chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Yamagata-ken; covering welfare and social security.
Collection of serial publications of Yamagata-ken; covering agriculture, forestry, live stock, fishery.
History of Burma between 1939-1960.
A brief history of Aceh.
Presents the principles that define a Jew's relations to self, neighbor, community, world, and God using short passages taken from a wide variety of sources.
Children's literature published in the Occupation period (including some before and during WWII) covering fiction, picture books, comic books, plays, poems, biographies, and adaptations of foreign books; including incomplete sets and duplicates.
Brochure summarizing research activities in the Dept. of Electrical Engineering during the period October 1981-November 1987.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken, covering public health, hygine, environmental health; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken covering local finance and taxation; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken covering economic condition, income, and consumer index; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken covering local library's bibliography and index.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken covering education and culture.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken covering local government policy, population, and city planning.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering education, school, and library related materials.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering fire extiction and emergency management.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering traffic control, crime, rehabilitation of criminals, and juvenile delinquency.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering civil engineering, rural development planning and water supply.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering statistics, and local government policy; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering hygine, pollution, and hospital.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering commerce, industry and enterprise.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering employment, working class, and labor union list.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering social service, welfare, and insurance.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering agriculture, forestry, live stock, and silk industry.
Collection of serial publications of Tokushima-ken; covering income and taxation.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, posters, and informational publications issued by Maarakh explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its 1988 candidate slate.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, posters, and informational publications issued by Degel ha-Torah explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its candidate slate. In the 1988 election for the 12th Keneset, Degel ha-Torah captured 1.5% of the total vote, received 2 mandates, and 2 Keneset seats.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, posters, and informational publications issued by Agudat Yisrael explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its candidate slate.  In the 1988 election for the 12th Keneset, Agudat Yisrael captured 4.5% of the total electoral vote, received 5 mandates, and 4 Keneset seats.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, posters, and informational publications issued by the Mapam party explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its candidate slate. In the 1988 election for the 12th Keneset, Mapam captured 2.5% of the total vote, received 3 mandates, and no Keneset seats.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, posters, and informational publications issued by Minor political parties explaining their platforms, and urging voters to cast ballots for their candidate slates. Also includes 1 poster displaying all party symboles.
Miscellaneous posters.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, and posters issued by Rats explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its 1988 candidate slate.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, and informational publications issued by the Kakh party explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its candidate slate.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, posters, and informational publications issued by Shas explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its candidate slate.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, and posters issued by Mafdal explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its 1988 candidate slate.
Miscellaneous fliers, leaflets, posters, and informational publications issued by the Likud party explaining its political platform, and urging voters to cast ballots for its candidate slate.
Supplement to "Nanyo shiryo, I-IV and Hoi"; contains research reports on various aspects of Southeastern and South Asia .
Collection of serial publications of Yamagata-ken; covering traffic accident and juvenile delinquent.
Collection of serials published by Yamagata-ken; covering government policies and statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Yamagata-ken; covering education, chiefly for adult education.
Collection of serial publications of Yamagata-ken; covering agriculture, forestry, live stock, fishery.
Collection of serial publications of Wakayama-ken; covering commerce, industries, labor, and social security.
Collection of serial publications of Wakayama-ken; covering Wakayama-ken government policy, finance and disaster prevention.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken covering fisheries; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken, covering agriculture, forestry and live stock industry; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken covering disaster prevention and public works.
54 song sheets, 24 of which were printed by Charles Magnus.
Halloween had always been Jeffrey Becker's favorite holiday, but this year things are different.  He has a new friend named Max -- who happens to be a ghost -- and Max is determined to put the "trick" back in "trick or treat."
Signet book.
Beatrice and Richard, her neighbor since childhood, discover mutual love after a trip to far-off Zaire.
Though Karen King had been nominated homecaming queen as a joke, it wasn't funny to her. She hated football. Besides, what could more demeaging than paraded around on a float in front of bunch gaping guys?
Moran was something of a grind. Her only concern was getting good grades so she could qualify for a special school. The one day in physics class, she heard a voice: " Hey, gorgeous. How about a date? The problem was -nobody else heard the voice."
Graphic story comics adapting the work of Anne McCaffrey and Nathaniel Hawthorne and other world-famous fantasy authors.
Graphic story comics adapting the work of Isaac Asimov and O. Henry and other world-famous mystery authors.
Graphic story comics adapting the work of Edgar Allan Poe and Jack London and other world-famous authors of chilling tales.
In order to regain the throne, Jason sets sail on the Argo to obtain the fleece guarded by a terrible serpent dragon.
The cheerleaders visit the fortune-teller, Madame Magda,and they get a lot of strange advise.  Is Madame Magda right?
Trina has read every book in the Fairy School library. Twice! She's bored with the same old fairy tales. If only she could find the best book ever -- one that's bigger than a toadstool and never has to end. But that's not possible, even in Fairyland. Is it?
A man plays mother to four abandoned children. He is J.D. Grayson of New York State, a doctor who adopted them in the hope of curing his loneliness. Helping him is Kelsey Malone, a social worker, so maybe he will land a wife too.
On October 26, 1881, nine men met in a street in Tombstone, Arizona Territory. Within fifteen blistering seconds, three spilled their lives out into the alkali dust. The remaining six, including Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday, lived to face trial, and to kill again.
Doctor Dolittle's garden is teeming with insects, including a giant moth from a world beyond earth.
When a classmate is diagnosed with leukemia, the students at Clearwater Crossing High School organize a fund-raising carnival. After they've formed teams to work the booths, the members of one team find they couldn't be more different. Becoming surprisingly close-knit, the group drifts back to their regular lives when the carnival is over. Can they come together again when an unexpected tragedy strikes?
Stevie, Lisa, and Carole are still best friends, but even among best friends time brings changes. Then an accident leaves a girl's life in the balance, and eveyone is looking for someone to blame. Can best friends survive this test?
Carole Hansen and her horse Samson, Stevie Lake and her horse Belle, and Lisa Atwood are competing to win in the Colesford Horse Show.
Jessica wants a teaching assistant to notice her, while Elizabeth wishes Sam would get a clue. But things can get complicated when other friends, like Chloe, Dana, Todd and Nina, are involved.
Jessica Wakefield is rocking everyone's world at the Florida Specialized Security Academy. The only person she can't impress is her drill sergeant, Vanessa. Meanwhile, Elizabeth Wakefield's off-Broadway dreams are turning into nightmares.
The tragic results of an alcohol-related crash test the faith of the members of Eight Prime.
Jesse's mom is coming for a visit but not everyone is excited about her visit.  Melanie begins to wonder if there is more to life than Clearwater Crossing.  Nicole's cousin Gail almosts costs them both their jobs at Wienerageous.
When an expedition into uncharted waters to find the homeland of the legendary Dark Sailor ends in disaster,Benedikt, a young bard, finds himself stranded in a mysterious unknown world,the pawn in a deadly game of politics and religion that could destroy a kingdom's precarious balance of power.
Original lunar tales from some of today's finest science fiction writers--including Brian Aldiss, Gene Wolfe, Brian Stableford, and Alan Dean Foster.
Afraid her own people are exploiting her extraordinary powers, Sira chooses exile on a distant planet, hoping to build a new life, but trouble follows her there as well.
The approaching Festival of the Moon could signal the ultimate triumph of the Shining Court, or humankind's final chance to defeat the powerful demon lord--Allasakar, Lord of the Hells.
Leah thinks her battle with cancer is over, but the disease that haunts her past has struck her kind and gentle stepfather. At first, Leah is angry, but soon it turns to fear as she contemplates losing the first real family she's ever known.
Stevie and Gabriel challenge each other in a rodeo.
Lisa is injured when the horse she is riding stumbles.  Can the horse care for her and keep her safe until help arrives?
The Saddle Club's friend from England, Lady Theresa, otherwise known as Tessa, is coming for a visit, which Veronica views as a chance for revenge against Tessa for snubbing Veronica when the Saddle Club was in England.
The Saddle Club is involved in two projects: helping Brittany Lynn find the perfect horse, and taking care of a not-so-perfect horse, Magoo, who is a very demanding guest.
The reader's plot choices determine the course of this story about a determined hockey player who moves to a new town and is faced with the choice between signing up with the school hockey team or a renegade team coached by a former NHL player.
You have two weeks in New York with uncle Harry; at first things go well, but then they begin to go wrong.
Janet Howell is throwing a huge end-of-school bash. As one of the most popular girls at SVMS, Janet's party is sure to be the biggest event of the year, but all the attention she's getting is changing her from a simple pain in the neck to a cruel and vicious nightmare. Is anyone brave enough to stand up to the most popular firl in school?
The entire sixth grade is going cave exploring, and Elizabeth Wakefield is thrilled. But when the guide breaks his leg, the sixth graders must find their way out of the underground maze in time to save their injured guide.
Jessica Wakefield and her friends are excited about spending one of their last weeks as sixth graders working at the mayor's special Outreach Fair. But volunteering isn't as easy as it looks. Meanwhile, Elizabeth, busy at work in a soup kitchen, stumbles upon a mystery.
Sweet Valley Middle School is over-crowded and twins Jessica and Elizabeth may be moved to a new junior high.  The twins and their friends plan to spend what might be a final night together, camping out and playing Truth or Dare.  But these friends who thought they knew one another so well are about to discover a truth more shocking than any dare.
The Sweet Valley Middle School Valentine's Day dance is filled with mismatched couples. Can the partners sort themselves out and find true romance before this night to remember becomes a night to forget?
Tash is at an abandoned Jedi fortress on the remote planet Dantooine. She senses something dark in the ruins and begins a terrifying journey into an evil world, where she is forced to fight to the death her own brother and uncle.
Alex hates summer camp, especially after he notices that the creepy stories told around the campfire are all coming true.
Jessica, Elizabeth and their friends have been invited to a New Year's Eve party.  But not everyone is going to live to ring in the new year...
When Nina Harper and Bryan Nelson see the sign, they think it's too good to be true: all they have to do is watch television with electrodes attached to their heads while someone takes notes, and they'll get paid. But no one mentioned the side effects, or the violent changes in the subjects' behavior afterward.
Everyone at Riverside High is talking about the winter dance. For three couples, it will be one magical night that will change their lives forever.
When Vanessa meets Russell, she begins comparing her boyfriend, Ervin, to him, and Russell always wins. But Vanessa's commitment to Ervin means she and Russell can only be friends.
An action-adventure novel featuring a group of Canadian terrorists who come to the U.S. and abduct the commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps. An elite team of marines goes after them, only to run into opposition from rightwing U.S. militias.
When best friends Tess and Tameka captain different soccer teams in a bog camp play-off, the competition may strain their friendship.
When Tess joins a new soccer team she discovers that winning is not the most important thing.
Fiona is a good soccer player who could be great--if only she didn't have an allergy attack every time she looks at something green. When her overprotective parents decide that playing soccer is too risky for her health, the Stars encourage Fiona to stand up for herself. But when she shows up for a game without her parents' permission, Fiona gets into big trouble, and may never be allowed to play soccer again.
There are two Wakefield twins in the marching band, but only oine drum.
Stacey and Claudia never dreamed anything could threaten their best friendship.  But when they both fall for the same boy, a big rivalry begins.
At the threshold of the next century, Tristan Connor lives in a completely computerized America, a mix of virtual and actual realities. Tristian's clone, a dark-minded genius named Devon, has programmed a computer virus that is about to blow the entire system apart. With the electronic clock ticking down to doomsday, Tristan must find his evil clone before it's too late- for everyone.
While spending the summer working as an au pair girl for a couple in England, Maris discovers that the husband is a werewolf intent on blooding her and making her one too.
Elizabeth Wakefield can't wait to attend the prom on the arm of Devon Whitelaw, but will she be swept away by romantic memories when her ex-boyfriend, Todd Wilkins, wants to be alone with her one last time? Meanwhile, Jessica Wakefield has been ditched by her prom date, and she wonders if she'll be spending the big night all alone.
Twins Jessica and Elizabeth Wakefield are preparing for the junior prom. Jessica and her friend Lila have rated all the guys at school on a list of who's hot and who's not, and when the list leaks out, the guys want revenge. Elizabeth told both of her ex-boyfriends that she needed time to herself, and now she's without a date for the prom.
Jessica Wakefield can't believe that her older brother has fallen for her best friend Lila Fowler. Her twin, Elizabeth, agrees that Steven is making a big mistake, so they devise a plan to snuff out the romance. Meanwhile, an arsonist is still at large, and is preparing to strike Sweet Valley High.
Samantha tries to juggle the events of her senior year and keep her relationship with her steady, Pip, fresh when he tells her they should date other people.
Graphic story comics adapting the work of Isaac Asimov and Andre Norton and other world-famous Science Fiction authors.
Vicki jumps at the opportunity to host a foreign exchange student from Norway. She includes Karin in all her plans--even her dates with Jeff. Then Karin and Jeff start spending time together without her. Vicki can't help feeling betrayed.
Biography of the young singer who began her career on the 1990's update of the "Mickey Mouse Club" television show.
Stacey's friends are crushed when they hear that she is moving back to New York City. How will the Baby-sitters Club cope without her?
Darlene finds it difficult to step out of her famous football player father's shadow.
Includes seven microcomputer programs to identify mind-control victims, master a life-or-death video game, and steer a mini-sub past hungry sharks.
Depicts a friendship between a sightless teenage girl and a sighted boy, in which the boy attempts to strengthen the friendship by spending a day blindfolded.
A teen-age boy tries to come to terms with various aspects of his life, his relationship with his often drunk and abusive father, the menace of a local bully and his gang, and his love of running.
"...a girl born without fear.  No rules, no limits, no fear."
A 15-year-old makes several discoveries about human nature while helping the local suffragettes elect the first woman mayor of Gloriosa, Kansas.
McGee, Gwen, Mary Bubnik, Zan and Rocky are taking ballet lessons because their mothers think it will be good for them.  In the process of learning how to be ballerinas, they become good friends.
Called back to London on a special work assignment, a young woman has persistent misgivings about leaving her house and children in the care of the strange couple hired by her husband.
Life is difficult for Gardner Waterford after his family is forced to move from their Park Avenue apartment to Columbus Circle.
When P.T. Barnum decides to take Jumbo to America, Aunt Louisa and the Oxford children band together to save the animal and begin The Elephant War of England.
Edmund Dantes, unjustly convicted of aiding the exiled Napoleon, escapes after fourteen years of imprisonment and seeks revenge in Paris.
A slam book is a cross between a yearbook and an autograph book.  The reader chooses who the "bests" are.
Melanie tries the seven tips for flirting that she read in a teen magazine and finds that they work too well.
Carole, Stevie and Lisa have made big plans for the overnight campout for the students of Pine Hollow stables. When Stevie's parents refuse to pay unless she improves her grades, she decides to start hew own business and raise the money instead.
Embossed leatherette autograph book, containing signatures of major artists in jazz and popular music, as well as several other prominent entertainers, collected personally by the donor.
Reproduces three collections in the Music Division of the Library of Congress: the Damrosch-Tee-Van collection; the Damrosch-Blaine collection; and the Mannes-Damrosch collection. These collections represent the papers of Leopold Damrosch (1832-1885) and three of his five children: Frank, Walter, and Clara.  Also included are the papers of Clara's husband, David Mannes (1886-1959) and their two children, Leopold and Marya.
Reproduces transcripts, photocopies and translations of Spanish documents from the Archivo General de Indias, Papeles de Cuba, Archivo de Simanca, and others; primarily from the 17th and 18th centuries.
Reproduces transcripts, photocopies and translations of Spanish documents from the Archivo General de Indias, Papeles de Cuba, Archivo de Simanca, and others; primarily from the 17th and 18th centuries.
Reproduces 1154 published scores by North and South American composers of the 20th century, arranged in order by composer's last name.
Reproduces selected eighteenth-century Russian imprints in the Law Library of Congress: 126 editions and 158 copies in 138 volumes. Titles selected from the following Law Library of Congress collections: 18th-Century Russian Law Collection (Library of Congress), Russian Imperial Collection (Library of Congress), Yudin Collection (Library of Congress).
Contains population-related data based on responses to the 1996 census. Includes information regarding the names, place and date of birth, identification number, nationality, sex, and educational status of people residing in Madrid from April 24 to April 30, 1996.
Contains after action reports and photos from 1964-1970 pertaining to personnel assigned to Detachment B-52 (Project DELTA), including employment policies and historical summary, personnel losses, unit and individual awards, personnel roster.
Includes two recently-discovered stories (Yippee for winter, and On with the snow) from the mid 1930s, which celebrate the humor and charm of Mickey's fun-filled escapades.
Full-text of the papers presented at the 2000 AWWA Water Reuse Conference.
Features motion pictures, sound recordings, photographs, and original magazine articles.  Includes histories of Edison's invention and manufacture of motion pictures and sound recordings, and a special biography page on Edison, inventor of the phonograph, kinetograph, and kinetoscope.
Digital images of 3042 pieces of sheet music published in the United States between 1850 and 1920 selected from the collections in the Rare Book, Manuscript, and Special Collections Library, Duke University. The selection presents a significant perspective on American history and culture. The sheet music chosen for digital reproduction represents a wide variety of music types including bel canto, minstrel songs, protest songs, sentimental songs, patriotic and political songs, plantation songs, Civil War songs, spirituals, dance music, songs from vaudeville and musicals, "Tin pan alley" songs, and songs from World War I. The collection is particularly strong in antebellum Southern music, Confederate imprints, and Civil war songs. Piano music includes marches, variations, opera excerpts, and dance music (waltzes, quadrilles, polkas, etc.)
Chronicles the economic period of the 1920's in the United States through books, pamphlets, legislative documents, selections from consumer and trade journals, photographs, short films, and audio selections of Coolidge speeches.
"The development of early American animation is represented by this collection of 21 animated films and 2 fragments, which spans the years 1900 to 1921. The films include clay, puppet, and cut-out animation, as well as pen drawings. They point to a connection between newspaper comic strips and early animated films, as represented by Keeping Up With the Joneses, Krazy Kat, and The Katzenjammer Kids. As well as showing the development of animation, these films also reveal the social attitudes of early twentieth-century America."
Presents 397 pamphlets from the Rare Book and Special Collections Division, published from 1824 through 1909, by African-American authors and others who wrote about slavery, African colonization, emancipation, reconstruction, and related topics.
Represents a cumulation of the ten-volume dictionary catalog of the Dance Collection, published in 1974, and the supplements that have been published as the annual Bibliographic guide to dance. Covers all aspects of dance, from performing art to ritual, from all cultures and countries, and in all media.
Electronic version of the twelve-volume printed work by the same title. Features introductions and outlines for each book of the Bible, commentaries by seventy-eight biblical scholars, complete text of New International version of the Bible, original Greek text, and Aramaic, Greek, and Hebrew transliterations.
Provides full text searching of Commonwealth and NSW acts and regulations, federal and state court decisions, decisions of federal and some state administrative tribunals, and reports of the NSW Law Reform Commission. Also offers full text of the High Court of Australia bulletin. Includes extensive links to other Australasian legal resources on the Internet.
Maintained by the National Centre for Australian Studies at Monash University, provides information on 6,000 Australian cities, towns, and suburbs drawn from historical gazetteer entries and related visual materials. Entries are arranged alphabetically by name of locality or local government area. Most entries include a concise history and some contain cited references.
Presents a transcription of the 1880 Cherokee Nation census, complete with census card numbers added in 1900. Transcribed entries include names, race, age and sex, with additional remarks by the original census takers.
Contains four volumes of Delaware Bible records by Donald O. Virdin & Donald M. Hehir (1991-1994). A compilation of Bible records originally collected by members of the Delaware chapters of the Daughters of the American Revolution, primarily covering the late 1700's through the early 1900's.
Contains works on the following families:  Hight-Hite Families of Sussex and Surry Counties, Virginia, from about 1634 - Includes information on about 1,333 descendants with a full-name index of 2,736 names;  Prindle-Pringle Family - Utilizes a ninety-year-old, previously unpublished manuscript, researched and compiled from 1881 to 1906 by Franklin Cogswell Prindle, then modified and updated by Edith May (Hendley) Tallmadge in the 1930s. Robert E. Wallace made further additions expanding this information to the 1960s. The index includes almost 3,750 names and women are listed by both maiden and married names; The Family of Samuel Wallace - Samuel W. Wallace was born in 1795 near McConnelsville, York District, North Carolina. The genealogy traces more than 1673 descendants with additional information on the Kirby, Hodges and Davis families. The index includes over 3,500 names; The Family of Thomas Wallace - This never before published genealogy is of Thomas Wallace of York and Chester Counties, South Carolina. The book contains about 823 descendants and includes a full-name index of about 1,585 names. Includes probate records, Perry County, Alabama land grants, records from Fishing Creek Presbyterian Church, Revolutionary War records, land grants and estate administration of Jonathan Wallace.
Conference papers.
Electronic image reprints of documents containing the rolls of individuals from Virginina who were active in the colonial navy forces during the Revloutionary war.  The material was reproduced from the National Archives Microform collection.
World Wide Web (WWW) site of the National UFO Reporting Center, an organization founded in 1974 by Robert J. Gribble. The Center receives, records, corroborates, and documents reports from individuals who believe they have observed unidentified flying objects (UFOs). Provides access to listings of sightings, organized by date.
Presents information about the Sierra Club, a nonprofit, member-supported, public interest organization, headquartered in San Francisco, Calif. Notes that the group promotes the conservation of the natural environment by influencing public policy decisions. Contains political and environmental news, upcoming club outings, and membership information. Provides access to the club chapters and a site search engine.
The society's scope is specifically conserving wild flowers and wild places through education, research, advocacy, protection, rescue, and propagation. Included are lists of some of the registered native plant sites, a list of nurseries supplying propagated plants native to Virginia, and VNPS sponsored events such as local plant sales.
Features the National Women's History Project, a nonprofit corporation based in Sonoma County, California. Notes that the project established National Women's History Month, maintains the clearinghouse of women's history information, issues catalogs of related materials, produces history products, and conducts training. Offers access to an online catalog and ordering information for a free print catalog. Provides information about programs, events, and National Women's History Month. Contains a listing of women's history organizations and museums.
Titles in this series have been selected from, but not restricted to, the Short-title catalog of books printed in Italy and of Italian books printed in other countries from 1470 to 1600, now in the British Museum. Includes incunabula and 16th century books in all fields printed in Venice, Rome, Padua, and other printing centers.
Based upon titles that have been selected in part from the bibliography by Suzanne P. Michel, entitled: Repertoire des ouvrages imprimes en langue italienne au XVIIe siecle.
Reproduces 832 works related to 638 trials held in the United States, mostly from the nineteenth century.
A collection of quotes concerning aspects and effects of advertising. Includes quotes on agencies, honesty, professionalism, sales, and other topics.
Presents the USA CityLink Project, a U.S. city and state listing for the WWW provided by Blake & Associates. Includes a press release about the Project for use by cities on the directory, as well as information on adding sites or sponsoring the site. Includes an overview of the directory and a seasonal site focusing on a city. Lists cities alphabetically by state. Contains information on each city's relocation services, special events, tourist attractions, restaurants, climate, time zone, and historic sties. Posts contact information for the Project via telephone and fax numbers, as well as e-mail. Offers access to a site search engine and sponsors' home pages.
This site, which is maintained by the National Library of Australia, provides information about Australian governments at the Commonwealth, state and local levels. As such, it includes links to Commonwealth government department websites, official state and territorial websites, and Australian political party websites, as well as contact information for Commonwealth government departments and information about Commonwealth and state flags and emblems. The emphasis here is on "government" as commonly conceived in the Westminster system, i.e. executive departments and agencies. Researchers seeking information on the legislature should search the Parliament of Australia home page
Home page for the National Library of Australia, providing information about its collections and services, including a Web interface for the NLA computer catalog searchable by author, title, subject, and control number; a listing of Australian journals online; PANDORA, a searchable archive of Australian Internet sites; and PADI, a collection of online resources relating to preservation and archiving of digital information.
Transcript of Institute of Transportation Engineers Conference held at Irvine, California on April 2-5. 2000.
Provides data from the 1997 agricultural census, including number of farms, land in farms, land use, irrigation, crops, livestock, poultry, value of farm products sold, hired farm labor, production expenses, and operator characteristics.
Revised Standard translation of the Bible. Includes software designed by Christian Technologies Inc.
Revised Standard translation of the Bible. Includes software designed by Christian Technologies Inc.
Forty-one technical lead reports or documents published by EPA's National Program Chemicals Division Technical Branch, as well as data files and data documentation associated with three of the reports.
Provides a step-by-step guide for conducting community-wide natural disaster risk and vulnerability assessments, using a case study from the New Hanover County, North Carolina region.
Presents a spatial ground-water data base developed for environmental monitoring in Carson Valley, Nevada and California. Includes information on ground-water monitoring sites, ground-water-altitude contours, and depth-to-water contours. Documentation and summary information are included for each spatial data set. Software to access and perform basic geographic operations on the data sets is also included.
This study, part of NAWQA Program, is one of 59 units of the nation's most important basins and aquifer systems which will help support development and evaluation of management, regulatory and monitoring decisions by Federal and local agencies to protect and enhance water resources.
Phase III of the Long Valley Exploratory Well includes a preliminary stratigraphic column and a general description of well lithology.  Also includes high-resolution digital photographs of every core box (10 feet per box) as well as scanned images of pieces of recovered core and compressed, "unrolled" images of the individual core pieces (core scans).
Collection of historical and genealogical resources for the state of Indiana.
Contains all five volumes of the Woodville Republican series, covering the following dates: December 18, 1823-December 17, 1839; January 4, 1840-October, 30 1847; January 8, 1848-January 9, 1855; June 22, 1878-December 25, 1880; and January 1, 1881-December 22, 1883. Entries for all volumes are chronologically arranged and an index is included. Includes abstracts of marriages, deaths, religious and community activities, court proceedings, military matters, elections, illnesses, murders, Masonic Lodge celebrations, divorces, and slave data.
Collection of Civil War history books.
Provides data from the 1997 agricultural census, including number of farms, land in farms, land use, irrigation, crops, livestock, poultry, value of farm products sold, hired farm labor, production expenses, and operator characteristics.
Presents several works on Revolutionary War records from New Hampshire as well as a master index to four of the works.
Presents extensive extracts of genealogical data pertaining to Virginians and West Virginians who served in the Revolutionary War, as derived from the pension and bounty land warrant files in the National Archives. Covers men who served for Virginia in the war, those who resided in Virginia or West Virginia either before or after the war, and those whose immediate family lived in either of these two states.
A page of the National Archives and Records Administration's Web site. The Genealogy Page provides finding aids, guides and research tools for using genealogical materials, including immigration and naturalization records, located in their research rooms and regional facilities. Also includes links to other genealogical resources on the Internet.
Sponsored by the Statue of Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation, this site contains a searchable database of more than 22 million passengers and crew members who came through Ellis Island and the Port of New York between the years 1892 and 1924. Includes information about the American Family Immigration History Center on Ellis Island, information about the Ellis Island Immigration Museum, and a searchable file of the names on the American Immigrant Wall of Honor.
A collection of items or digital files from each of the 62 inaugurations from George Washington's in 1789 to William Jefferson Clinton's in 1997, and will include items from the 63rd inauguration of 2001. This presentation includes diaries and letters of presidents and of those who witnessed inaugurations, handwritten drafts of inaugural addresses, broadsides, inaugural tickets and programs, prints, photographs, and sheet music. An important component is the collaboration with the Avalon Project at the Yale Law School, which permits the site to offer Yale's online presentations of the inaugural addresses from Presidents Washington to Bush with associated searchable text transcriptions.
Collection of historical and genealogical resources for the state of Maryland.
Electronic image reprints of documents containing the rolls of individuals from Virginina who were active in the colonial army during the Revloutionary war. The material was reproduced from the National Archives Microform collection.
A collection of works on Massachusetts cemetery inscriptions.
A collection of newspaper abstracts from southern Maryland, taken from the Port Tobacco times and Charles County advertiser, 1844-1898.
Collection of genealogical and historical resources about Connecticut.
A collection of works on Tennessee court records and history.
A collection of six books of Winchester, Virginia's history compiled by Dola S. Tylor.
Collection of biographical sketches of the earliest settlers of Bucks County, supplemented by genealogical data on the county's first families and prominent men. Sketches generally describe the subject's place and date of birth and death, spouse, children, residence, occupation, and any notable incidents or achievements.
Features more than 31,000 articles, highlighter and sticky notes, online updates and links to World Book archives, thousands of pictures, and a 225,000 unabridged dictionary.
Dialogue discussion of rhythm and rhythmic notation principles also espoused in the author's Principles of rhythm, and, Rational metric notation.
"The first major work of its kind to discuss international stock markets, this encyclopedia is essential for anyone interested in investing in today's global markets. Because of the increasing globalization of businesses, American investors can no longer limit themselves to information about the U.S. stock market. These two volumes define over 2,000 terms dealing with the history and practices of international stock markets in industrialized as well as developing countries, and discuss individuals, institutions (such as banks, brokerage and leveraged buyout firms), events, and slang terms relating to stock markets. The readable entries provide accurate, up-to-date information of interest to the burgeoning number of private and professional investors. This work is a valuable addition to school, public, and academic library collections."--"Outstanding reference sources 2000", American Libraries, May 2000. Comp. by the Reference Sources Committee, RUSA, ALA.
Consists chiefly of technical manuals and catalogs of the Soviet machine-tool industry most of which were exhibited at the Vystavka dostizhenii narodnogo khoziaistva SSSR in Moscow. The catalogs include diagrams and operating instructions and each catalog has Chinese characters on its title page. The machines displayed are designed for such uses as metalworking, furnaces, pipe fittings, motors, minings, smelting, steel, rolling stock, oil-well drilling, and printing.
A ... complement to any Introduction to Sociology text, this reader includes a variety of timeless, well-known selections keyed to introductory sociology topics. Fundamental topics can be explored from their foundations up as the ground-breakers who built the discipline are presented. Thinkers such as Mills, Marx, DuBois, and Goffman are included to give you an understanding of where the discipline got its start. Modern-day classics by luminaries such as Kozol and Ritzer will show you where it's going. -Back cover.
Designed as a training curriculum for families. Its aim is to strengthen family connections and avoid addictive behavior by youth by creating a nurtuing environment wherein children and parents learn self-control and mutual respect. The first three modules are for parents, the last two, for children.
Describes the brief history of the Dakota Rattlers baseball team of Bismarck, North Dakota and the independent Prairie League. Includes anecdotes about minor league baseball in the northern Great Plains.
[This book first] provides a foundation for a Catholic understanding of justice. [It next] examines key issues related to justice including: poverty in America, global poverty, sexual identity, marginalized groups, and stewardship. [Finally, the book] examines Catholic teaching on peace and current issues related to peace. -http://www.harcourtreligion.com.
An alphabet book detailing the social life, customs, and history of the Chinook Indians.
Presents a brief look at some of the hockey superstars who have scored 1000 goals in their careers, including Jovanovski, Leetch, and Chelios, as well as Hall-of-Fame legends like Orr, Potvin, and Park.
Contains twenty-two mazes based on a true historic event.
The stories reveal through heartwarming stories and mind-challenging insights that our Heavenly Father walks among us and patiently expressing himself to us in nature and science, and through the passion of humanity the life-changing fruits of the Spirit, the solid everlasting foundations of our faith and the amazing manifestations of history.
Kenneth and Aleesa, working on an extra credit project about Socrates, suddenly find themselves in ancient Athens, where they meet the famous philosopher and try to save his life.
Inspirational guide to living life fully by examining the influence of other people, personal values, and plans for the future.
Discusses the roles and duties of dogs and horses that help police track fugitives, sniff out drugs and bombs, or help with crowd control, and explores their selection, training, and off-duty care.
Valuable expert tips that can turn you into a champion Pokemon player.
The archive consists primarily of photographs documenting buildings, urban renewal efforts, and historic preservation. Many of the photographs document the Washington, D.C. area.  Projects for the General Services Administration (GSA) show US government buildings through the United States. Projects for the Urban Land Institute document urban settings such as San Antonio, Texas and the greater Los Angeles, California region. Also included are photographs of President Ronald Reagan meeting with Republican Senatorial candidates and photographs of Lexington, Virginia. In addition, there are two photographs taken near the crash site of United Airlines Flight 93 in Shanksville, Pennsylvania.
In 2007, the photographer began to add born digital photographs to the archive, beginning with a large project documenting the Library of Congress buildings; continuing the GSA building documentation; and in 2009 launching the Carol M. Highsmith's America project to document each state in the United States, starting with Alabama.
Ed: University of York, UK, Collection of new essays on various countries' offset policies.
Presents a year in the life of a typical one-room school.
Short stories.
A young boy discovers that, no matter how many toys and pets he has, with Jesus as his friend he has all he needs.
On the trial of Giulio Andreotti (1919- ), acquitted in 1999 of association with the Mafia.
A richly illustrated history of the justice system of Kazakhstan over the past 80 years, including a chronology of important events and biographies of important figures in the various commissariats and ministries, remarks by past and present officials.  Special attention is given to the activities of the Ministry of Justice since Kazkhstan gained full independence. Bilingual parallel text in Russian and Kazakh.
Jenny believes that she is a guardian angel who, by watching over her brother, will keep him from death.
Luke is frustrated by his conservative and overbearing art teacher, until he visits a museum and finds validation for his own special way of looking at the world.
Reproduces more than 6,000 documents used to prepare the three-volume scholarly edition "The Emerging Nation: A Documentary History of the Foreign relations of the United States under the Articles of Confederation, 1780-1789," published by the National Historical Publication and Records Commission. Consists of selections from the official papers of the United States Congress; British, French, and Spanish government records; and unofficial documents. The diplomatic despatches, private letters, and other documents from archives, libraries, and historical societies, including the National Archives, the Library of Congress, and French and British sources, reveal actions and events in the formative years of U.S. diplomacy. Part I consists of copies of documents used in the preparation of the scholarly edition. Part II consists of copies of documents not printed but of significant value to a fuller understanding of early U.S. Foreign relations.
Alice wishes for something really big and special for her birthday, but what she gets isn't what she'd hoped for.
A collection of articles concerning criminal investigation procedures, written by teachers and graduate students of the Academy of Administration, Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs; the Volgograd, East-Siberian, Far-Eastern, Ural, Cheliabinsk juridical institutes of the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs; the Moscow Institute of the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs; the Krasnoiarsk and South-Ural state universities; the Krasnoiarsk State Agricultural University; and by workers in various agencies.
A collection of papers on measures to prevent economic crime presented at a Ministry of Internal Affairs seminar in Voronezh in 1999. Paper topics included, among others: Creation of market relations and ensuring the economic security of Russia. Anti-state terrorism: concept and categories. On criminal accomplices as discussed in article 189 of the criminal code of the Russian Federation. The shadow economy: concept, structure, estimating its size. Criminal responsibility of juveniles involved in economic crimes. Bribery in economic criminality. Investigating economic crimes. Illegal drug trafficking as a source of income in the shadow economy. Interpol and international cooperation in the war on economic crime.
A poem about peace and harmony for all living things.
Because the Taliban rulers of Kabul, Afghanistan, impose strict limitations on women's freedom and behavior, eleven-year-old Parvana must disguise herself as a boy so that her family can survive after her father's arrest.
CD-ROM includes 300+ practice exam questions, automatic score reports, & a searchable version of this study guide.
Jolynn wonders if success will bring her singing group, Kaleidoscope, together-- or tear it apart.
When the Chamber of Secrets is opened again at the Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry, second-year student Harry Potter finds himself in danger from a dark power that has once more been released on the school.
A star tells of the important things it does on the first Christmas, such as guiding the wise men and lighting the way for the angels.
Santa tells why Christmas is his favorite time of year.
Provides a look inside the bottom of a boat, identifies different kinds of boats, and presents sounds or activities associated with things one might see from a boat, such as crashing waves and splashing fish.
Depicts children showing their ability to do such things as skate, swim, or blow bubbles as the reader turns die-cut shapes.
A boy climbs to the top of a magic beanstalk where he encounters a mean giant, is rescued by a giantess, and grabs a hen laying golden eggs.
Three simple rhyming stories describe Dorothy's friends in the land of Oz.
Lady's pampered uptown world is turned upside down when she falls head over paws for Tramp, a fun-loving mutt with a charming bark and an appetite for adventure. Read-along audiocassette features music from the movie.
As a detective dog, on the trail of his missing biscuit, questions his friends, they each reply that they eat only a particular food, such as a mouse who eats only cheese.
Read along and listen as three kittens lose their mittens while playing in the snow.
A young girl finds a surprise when she arrives at her grandmother's house with a basketful of treats.
When the tugboats' work is done for the day, they have time to splash and play.
Elmo washes his blanket at the laundromat.
A simple rhyme about underwater animals.
Ernie plays with his favorite bath toy.
Depicts various body parts and encourages children to identify their corresponding features, as they learn to appreciate them as God's gifts.
Winnie the Pooh and Eeyore find a pumpkin and decide to take it home, but all their friends want it, too.
Slimey and his fellow worm astronauts take a trip to the moon in a spaceship.
Simple words and pictures identify plants and animals found on a farm and picnic supplies that come from them, such as jam from strawberries or a blanket from a sheep.
Simple words and pictures identify different people and places in town, as well as the vehicles associated with each, such as a captain and his ship, or a family and a car.
When five puppies dig under the fence and go into the wide world in search of strawberries, they find all kinds of fun and games, including some the reader can play.
A cow learns that trying new things is nothing to fear as she writes her name, ties on her bell, and learns country dancing at school.
A shy young bug learns that meeting strangers can be fun.
Paul and Judy play with their rabbit, write letters to Santa, decorate the Christmas tree, and open presents.  Feature textures to feel, flaps to lift, elements to move, and a scratch and sniff candy cane.
While trying to prove to Nala that he can be scary, Simba learns a valuable lesson in friendship.
In this rhyming tale, Dumbo's mother tells him she will love him, no matter where he will go or what he will do.
Kidnapped by a greedy toy collector, Woody is sad until Bullseye, Jessie, and the Old Prospector show him that he was once the star of a hit television show.
A school bus describes its busy day carrying children to school, on a field trip, and back home.
Study of the history and contemporary sources of philosophy in Colima.
OECD member countries were invited to co-operate with a second review of the Implementation of the OECD Procedural Guidelines on Trade and Environment, by responding to a questionnaire.  This document contains a copy of the original questionnaire, and a compilation of the responses of the 25 OECD governments replying, plus that of the European Commission.
Photographs of fifty years of life at French beaches, with an essay by Marie Darrieussecq.
Articles from The instrumentalist for first year music educators.
Discusses the history of shark attacks on humans, the reasons why sharks attack, the importance of sharks to the world's oceans, and the need to save endangered species.
Two cats team up to rescue, defend, and nurture a baby mockingbird.
Harry's enemies seek to separate him from all he holds dear, as Garth and Meagan are forced to make choices that could leave Harry permanently lost in Jerusalem during the first century A.D.
Contains brief eyewitness accounts of various military and general historical events.
A collection of stories about Christian hymns. Each chapter includes the real-life inspiration behind the hymn, a devotional thought for meditation, Scripture verses, and the complete musical score.
The story of the growth and demise of White City, a town in the Flint Hills area of east-central Kansas.
From the early days of professional wrestling -- including the careers of Andre the Giant and Minnesota's new governor, Jesse Ventura -- to the latest moves on the mat, read all about the on-screen antics and off-screen achievements of these popular personalities.
With the help of his friends, Pooh explores feelings from happy to gloomy, from excited to shy.
When Pooh uses his five senses, he finds a sweet surprise!
After years of living in foster homes Gilberto feels lost and neglected but tries, with the help of his drama teacher, to fit in with his peers at school.
Jelena had learned one thing from the war in her Bosnian homeland: that friends can become your worst enemies, so how can she learn to trust her new American classmates?
Tina returns to her hometown, knowing her controversial past has followed her.
Toilets don't talk but that's exactly what's happening in Pete's bathroom.
A Vietnamese-American girl tries to reconcile her family's culture with her growing interest in an American boy and his way of life.
An American boy attempts to convince an Iraqi youth that his attentions towards his sister are sincere.
A chance friendship with an elderly ex-magician helps Jared come to terms with the tensions in his own family.
Pulltabs, foldouts, foldovers, wheels, and more enhance this interactive concept book about shapes as brightly colored stars, squares, rectangles, and other shapes are presented.
A collection of inspirational stories, quotes and poems.
Stories and pictures to make learning alphabet sounds enjoyable.
System requirements: Windows 95/98/NT.
A guide to jogging and walking, and related benefits and cautions.
This book discusses the career of a Webmaster, including the skills needed, the opportunities for work, and the challenges for the future.
This book discusses the causes of deafness, the types of deafness that can be identified, the effects of deafness on people's lives, and the help that exists for the hearing impaired.
Big Ben helps the Kooties Club members with their science projects.
Winnie the Pooh and the rest of the gang from the Hundred-Acre Wood help Tigger find his real family.
After a fishing accident, thirteen-year-old Walker finds himself transported back in time to the Michigan Territory of 1824, where he becomes friends with his ancestors.
A trip to Sea Park takes an unexpected turn when Tommy and Chuckie believe they must take home one of the sea creatures.
The reader is asked to count to ten as more and more of Wilbur Bunny's relatives arrive for a special birthday party. On board pages.
Tigger starts daydreaming about all the tiggers in his family tree, including acrobat tiggers, hula-hooping tiggers, and tiggers of every size and shape!
A biography of the country lawyer who became America's sixteenth president, leading the nation during the Civil War.
A biography of George Washington, the general who led the American army in the Revolutionary War and then became the first president of the United States.
Presents an assortment of events, news items, and facts for each day of the year 1988.
Executive summary. -- Markets and application. -- Collaborative opportunities. -- Patents. -- Bibliography. -- Figures. -- Tables.
Fifty stories, written for mothers to share with their sons, that will help little boys understand the experiences of people in the Bible. Each story is accompanied by a "Becoming a Man of God" page and "A Mom's Touch" page.
"Featuring No law and a new order and Fear of faith."
Weenie, a good witch, with special powers only on Halloween, is forced to find a new home in a hurry so that she will be able to fulfill her customary Halloween magic.
Contains six games using a board and pegs.  Ages 6 and up.
Elmo takes a ride on a moonbeam.
Shake the magic globe to help make Ernie's wish come true.
"Elmo needs help, and with a little shake-shake-shake of his magic globe, you'll help him make the very best wishes of all"--P. [4] of cover.
A compilation of the best materials from the third year of the quarterly children's magazine, Holidays & seasonal celebrations.
In 1956, high school junior Grace Foster doesn't see the racial injustices in her hometown of Lipscomb, Alabama, until a friend points them out, but she soon discovers a cause worth fighting for.
Emma slips away from her parents at the Grand Exhibition of 1893 in Chicago to see Buffalo Bill's Wild West show and Annie Oakley.
Little Eagle finds an orphaned baby buffalo, cares for him, and releases him back into the wild. Includes facts about the buffalo and its history in North America.
Highlights the major events in the history of the Old West and profiles some of the people who settled that area.
Tim gives his report on how tornadoes are formed just before one touches down in his town.
Follow Eli, a little black bear, as he snuggles with his mother, learns to swim, faces the danger of an adult male bear, and learns the survival skills he will need as an adult.
Follows the experiences of Kooski, a gray wolf, from birth to adulthood. Includes factual information about the natural history of wolves.
Adam is determined to be just like the other boys at camp even though he is deaf.
"Eddie wants to be a cowboy. And who better to learn from but cowboys-- Uncle Hank, Uncle Charlie, and the other cowboys on the Bar W Ranch."
Menus and recipes to celebrate all sorts of seasonal occasions.
During the Great Depression, Hank Proctor has to put aside his dreams of becoming a doctor to care for his parents, amidst worry that his father will do something desperate.
Recounts the legend of Starved Rock, in which Illini Indians, blamed for the death of Chief Pontiac, battle the chief's followers and become trapped on top of the rock.
Astronaut dogs on a space station take a space walk to make a repair, then send a probe to investigate a planet.
A biography of pop music star Mariah Carey which includes information about her childhood, musical influences on her career, and major awards.
Explores that changes that occur each season, and provides directions for simple experiments to demonstrate why they do.
Information for children on use of creative keyboard characters when using chat rooms on the internet.
Can a Manoa girl find happiness with a Waimanalo cowboy and remain a part of her singing group, Kaleidoscope?
A streamlined approach to developing a working personal defense system, with a focus on survival.  Includes discussion of legal aftermath of successful self-defense.
A story book with 53 stickers. The stickers are to be used to advance the educational concepts of associations and matching: identifying and sorting colors.
Contains step-by-step instructions for drawing the characters from the movie.
"Contains new biographies of Lewis Wetzel, Betty Zane, Jonathan Zane, Sam McColloch, and Sam Brady"--P. 4 of cover.
A collection of illustrated letters from Father Christmas recapping the activities of the preceding year at the North Pole. The letters were written by the author to his children.
An illustrated version of the well-known poem about the highwayman and his true love, the innkeeper's daughter.
When Mr. Willowby's Christmas tree is so tall that he has to cut the top off, he unwittingly provides trees for various people and animals.
Simple text and photographs describe a train ride, including the work of the engineer and the conductor.
A young boy finds all sorts of uses for his new potty until he is ready to use it to pee.
When Mouse wonders what has made a loud noise and questions the other farm animals, they each demonstrate that the sound they make is nothing like the one he heard. Readers assemble a puzzle to reveal the noisemaker.
In 1837, fifteen-year-old Kate Barnett and her eleven-year-old brother, Will, set out from Pennsylvania alone to join their father on his Texas homestead, on an adventure filled with outlaws, dangerous rivers, wild animals, and help from unexpected sources.
During a lesson about Easter a teacher speaks sharply and says something unkind about mice, frightening two little visitors from the room, but when they lead her to an egg that has fallen from its nest, the teacher shows genuine kindness.
A field mouse finds himself in the Field Museum when the roof of his former home is transported there with the rest of the bones of a dinosaur named Sue.
Seven Easter eggs are hidden in the Hundred-Acre Wood.  Lift the flaps and help Winnie the Pooh find them all.
Explains what computer hacking is, who does it, and how dangerous it can be.
"A rainbow of ribbons magically appears when you open the pages"--P. [4] of cover.
An adaptation of the novel that follows the adventures of a boy and a runaway slave as they travel down the Mississippi River on a raft in the mid-nineteenth century. Includes author, setting, and character information and vocabulary words.
Puzzle and storybook that tells the true story of Jesus' birth. Read along and discover the surprise picture in the "puzzling" story of God's amazing power.
Puzzle and storybook that tells the true story of Moses and the Red Sea. Read along and discover the surprise picture in the puzzling story of God's faithfulness.
30 plans for intergenerational gatherings that are meant to help participants grow together as the body of Christ.  Each plan has a them description, premeal fun, table talk, and post meal fun component.
While helping Bear decorate for the holidays, his friends work together to make one of the nicest presents ever.
A simple story, with glow-in-the dark pages, of Christmas traditions.
Bear and his friends prepare a special birthday celebration for Pip and Pop, including a surprise gift.
On the day before Christmas, everything is ready in Santa's workshop except for the magical glittery touches that the Christmas fairies bring.
Thomas takes in the sights, sounds and smells of the circus.
Learn ways to treat the pain of muscle strains and pulls, stress-related disorders, premenstrual discomfort, over-exertion, accidents, and other back injuries with homeopathic medicine.
A young bear is proud when he sings his ABCs, upset when a friend gets paint on him, and excited about a surprise.
Elmo and his friends from Sesame Street get dressed to go out, with the reader's help.
Relates the adventures of three little pigs who leave home to seek their fortunes and how they deal with the big bad wolf.
In this cumulative tale, a wakeful flea atop a number of sleeping creatures causes a commotion, with just one bite.
Introduces airplanes and other things that float or fly through picture puzzles, objects to count, and a list of what to take on a trip.
Introduces sounds made by cars, depicts different kinds of vehicles, and describes an exciting race.
When two young people realize they are having the same frightening dream, they begin searching for an explanation for this mysterious coincidence.
Novel.
A roundup of the alphabet featuring Texas facts, photos, and illustrations.
A textbook for United States history from the Civil War to the present, with maps, charts, activities, study questions, and review chapters.
Rising Sun, a Native American youth, undertakes a journey to learn the wisdom of nature and how to live in harmony with the Earth.
When his parents leave a young boy in charge of the farm for a day, chaos erupts as the animals take over the house. Includes words to the chorus and some verses of the folk song.
When he loses his place as fourth fiddler in a noble household, Sebastian sets out into the world to seek his fortune.
The life of a thirteen-year-old Harlem youth on his way to becoming a confirmed heroin addict is seen from his viewpoint and from that of several people around him.
Discusses the reproductive system and the various methods of birth control and how they work.
Explains what date rape is, how to avoid it, and where to find help if you are a victim.
Rhyming couplets and lift-up flaps help the reader identify all kinds of Christmas things.
Rhyming couplets and lift-up flaps help the reader identify pictures of Halloween things.
An object-oriented drawing program, for designing, page layout, and animated Web graphics.
The adventures of an unusual dog, part St. Bernard, part Scotch shepherd, that is forcibly taken to the Klondike gold fields where he eventually becomes the leader of a wolf pack.
Don Sabino, un murcielago de la ciudad, ayuda a Simon, un murcielago del bosque. Le explica como son los seres humanos, donde viven los diferentes tipos de murcielagos en la ciudad, y que comen.
Don Sabino, a city bat, helps Simon, a bat from the forest, by explaining to Simon what humans are like, where the different kinds of city bats live, and what the bats eat.
Octavia Woodbridge's adventures as a member of a Girl Scout Troop in Savannah in 1916.
Traces the history of this American harvest celebration and the development of its symbols and legends.
Examines the origins of Christmas symbols--trees, ornaments, Yule logs, Santa Claus, cards, Christmas colors, and many other holiday observances.
Because Shawn and his dog Keeper were born on the same day, they share a wonderful party on their sixth birthday, until it appears that Keeper has eaten the cake.
Transition was never going to be easy, even with the highly promising long-run outlook. Not only was the process itself a major theoretical and policy challenge, but politics and economics were bound to interfere. And yet, with some spectacular exceptions, most countries are now on the right track.
Lessons from world experience about the consequences of exchange rate overvaluation (the frequent cause of trade crises), the consequences of trying to defend an overvalued exchange rate, and the most appropriate policies for resolving an overvaluation.
What policies can emerging markets use to improve risk management in open, liberalized markets?
As Kaleidoscope prepares for SummerBash, Ronni's on a crash diet and Kea is trying to keep his father from remarrying.
"...combines communicative approaches to learning English with structural ones .... suitable for high school and adult learners who possess basic literacy in their first language."--p. [4] of cover.
A little girl falls down a rabbit hole and discovers a world of nonsensical and amusing characters.
An integrated curriculum for middle schools introducing issues of the Susquehanna River Basin through issue investigation and hands-on activities.
The Teletubbies dance together.
"...an unusual way to fold several connected Japanese paper cranes from piece of paper."
Contains nine lessons on spreadsheets, charts, and slide shows for Clarisworks users in grades six through twelve.
Discusses a variety of educational and game software for children  with suggestions for setting up a computer system. Includes a 3 1/2 in. disk with 6 shareware programs for children.
Curricular activites for teachers of Grades 1-3.
For preschool and kindergarten teachers, this book is designed to introduce new and creative hands-on learning into the classroom. Choose from an abundance of creative projects and activities for any time of the year that are teacher-tested and convenient.
"28 stories by the master of erotic illustration and comic art, reproduced from Eric Stanton's original drawings, for the first time in full color."
In the 1920s, adventurer Rick O'Connell and librarian Evelyn Carnahan are searching for an Egyptian artifact when they inadvertently resurrect High Priest Imhotep, a powerful, malevolent mummy seeking revenge.
Rhyming tale of the love between animals and their babies, which is more than all the sand on the beach, all the leaves in the fall, or all the stars in the sky.
A rhyming tale comparing the love between animals and their babies to the most colorful things in their world, such as a red apple, an orange sunset, and a silver moon.
Winnie the Pooh and his friends decorate eggs, then get together to celebrate Easter.
As survivors of an enemy invasion of their homeland, Ellie and her friends return to Australia as guides for soldiers from New Zealand who plan an attack on the Wirrawee airfield.
Collection of serial publications of Toyama-ken covering labor, employment, wages, and directory of labor union; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications relating to social services in Toyama-ken, Japan; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications relating to transportation in Toyama-ken, Japan; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications relating to business, commerce, and industry in Toyama-ken, Japan; chiefly statistics.
Report of the Nepali Govt. five year plan in brief.
Collection of serial publications of cities, and towns of Shiga-ken covering local government.
Although mistreated by her stepmother and stepsisters, Cinderella meets her prince with the help of her fairy godmother.
The star of nursery poem fame plays hide-and-seek with a little bear every night, and worries the night she can't find him anywhere.
In 1863, fifteen-year-old Private Allen of South Carolina, captured at the Battle of Gettysburg, decides to switch his allegiance to the Union and is sent to fight "savages" in Dakota Territory, where he confronts his prejudices and learns what heroism really means.
When a magic door appears, each Teletubby knocks--and finds a big hug on the other side.
In 7th century Ireland, Sister Fidelma investigates the death of a Celtic chieftain. A blind deaf-mute monk has been charged with murder, but the sister thinks he is innocent.
Reflecting all tax law changes as of August, 2000, this guide helps to pinpoint legal deductions, credits and exemptions covering the subject from basics to more complex details.
A family of moles has adventures doing homework, going swimming, and taking trips to the amusement park and the cinema.
"A complete guide to understanding the test and preparing your child for a successful test-taking experience"--Cover.
"From Acrobaterpillar to Sopranosaurus, here's a pop-up menagerie of the most curious and delightful creatures you're likely to meet."--Cover, p. 4.
An illustrated collection of twenty traditional tales from Ethiopia.
Fresh out of school herself, eighteen-year-old Mabel takes a teaching job in a farming community similar to the one where she grew up.
Blue and Steve skidoo to the planets and need help identifying them. Includes 27 stickers that complete the illustrations.
Jerry Valfer is a Holocaust survivor of Theresienstadt concentration camp, the "model" camp.
Rhyming tale of a primary school student whose concern about germs leads him to create a potion that not only cures every disease on earth, it grows a little hair, as well.
The JumpStart gang get ready for the science fair, overcoming untimely setbacks hour by hour.
Eager for adventure, CJ follows the directions of a map anonymously mailed to him.
Hopsalot the Rabbit can hardly wait to show his friends that he can count to ten.
Professor Utonium invents a superhero suit and starts fighting crime along with the Powerpuff girls, Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup.
Compares the political careers and respective philosophies of the only two North Carolinians to ever chair the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations.
A guide to obtaining funds for a TCC (Teens, Crime, and the Community) program.
Find and match the shapes to solve six easy riddles.
Presents a biography of basketball's latest superstar.
Introduction...the Sidekicks -- Nicholas Brendon : the comic relief -- Scott Foley : resident dork or darling? -- Joseph Gordon-Levitt : an alien in Hollywood -- Seth Green : the ultimate in cool -- Joshua Jackson : king of the creek -- Chris Klein : he gets everyone's vote -- Ashton Kutcher : that '70s hunk -- Matthew Lawrence : oh, brother! -- Matthew Lillard : the screen's sexiest psycho.
Scooby-Doo and the gang go looking for a missing cat and end up in a very strange puppet factory.
Scooby-Doo and the gang decide to have some fun at a water park.
From the files of BigHugs.Com, three unforgettable true stories of real people who have been separated from their soul mates, and their quests to be reunited.
The adventures of a Serbian cavalry officer during the Napoleonic Wars. The novel comes with a pack of tarot cards and the way they turn up determines the sequence in which the chapters should be read.
When Winnie-the-Pooh visits his friend Rabbit, he gets stuck in the entrance hole.
Eeyore has lost his tail and his friend Winnie the Pooh finds it for him.
A secret Valentine might be a mom, a dad, a best friend, or guess who?
An illustrated collection of singing games, dancing games, jump rope and ball-bouncing rhymes, and other action and game rhymes, complete with instructions.
Explains the structured discipline system which enables parents and children to find happiness.
A look at the real science behind the science fiction film, Titan A.E.
When the beatings she receives from her cruel aunt get worse, Kazy decides to run away from her home in seventeenth-century England and take her little sister Beth with her.
Tucker the terrier visits the circus.
Ideas, resources, and a list of childrens' books that can be used to implement guided reading.
A Halloween story with pages that glow in the dark.
"This book has two goals: 1) to help parents recognize aggressive behavior in their children and act before it becomes a problem, and 2) to show parents how they can teach their children to stop using negative aggressive behaviors and learn new positive behaviors"--P. 3.
Each spread introduces an AlphaKid, a target letter, three words that start with that letter, and a sentence that tells a simple story.
Blue and Steve get ready for bed.
A young mermaid named Pearl is nervous about singing at the Fish King's birthday concert, but her undersea friends give her gifts that help her to gain confidence.
Child supervision ; Home safety ; Money management ; Communication ; Stress ; Sexual abuse ; Medical needs ; Nutrition ; Education ; Social support ; Housing.
A very young child learns that different surfaces can display his or her reflection.
When a baby elephant falls into a pit, the rescue plane must fly  past several dangers in the African jungle to reach it. The reader helps by winding up a toy plane and letting it follow the built-in tracks.
Introduces keyboarding and word processing with exercises for building typing skills and for creating reports and projects, using either a Macintosh computer or a PC.
A study, made over a number of years by a research scientist, on the subject of why some rifles shoot very well, some shoot fairly well, and others shoot poorly.
Sick with influenza during the 1918 epidemic and separated from her two sisters, a young Jewish girl living in Boston relies on the help of an old German man, and her visions of angels, to get better and to reunite herself with her family.
When she begins receiving bizarre threatening messages from someone who seems to know her every move, teenage Ashley, after seeking help from the neighborhood tough guy, comes to realize that she alone can end the stalker's reign of terror.
In the cornfield that provides a home to a colony of grasshoppers, two life-long neighbors and best friends share a series of adventures.
Using family photographs and quotes from her books, the author provides glimpses into her life.
Kirsten and her family celebrate their first Christmas in their new home on Uncle Olav's farm in mid-nineteenth-century Minnesota.
Just before the Revolutionary War, nineteen-year-old Harry and his twenty-three-year-old sister, Sukey, move their few possessions by hand cart to start their own farm on the western Pennsylvania frontier.
A short rhyme and a map present Bitty Bear's trip to visit her grandmother.
Members of the Prairie Youth Chorale fly from Chicago to New York City to sing at a youth chorus festival in this story with an appended nonfiction guide to sites of interest to school children.
An alphabetical introduction to the history, geography, culture, industries, and recreations of Canada.
Gives an overview of the state of Missouri, including its history, notable sights, people, and recreations.
While looking for his dreidel, Max helps various members of his family find other symbols which they need to enjoy Hanukkah dinner.
On Christmas Eve, Mother Cat declares that it is almost time for her baby to arrive, so Father Cat rushes her to the hospital, but not before he prepares a Christmas surprise for Sally, Huckle, and Lowly.
Angelica goes to the mall and sneaks off on her own to become the Kiddie Queen of Cost-a-lot.
Chuckie is afraid of everything!
On Christmas Eve, Papa Penguin tries to hang stockings for himself, Mama, Baby, and Little Penguin, but Little Penguin's red stocking is behaving very strangely.
Presents a board book with different textures which apply to the game of football.
Toddler prayers and scripture passages to bless the day.
Invites the reader to help Max the mouse as his mother teaches him new words.
Introduces the concept of opposites through simple examples, such as a closed then open umbrella, and being inside then outside the house.
Brings together many of the most important advances in organic chemistry of the last century and can be read at several levels.
Using letters sent home supplemented by later accounts entitled "Battle Story," J. Ted Hartman has compiled an account of his experiences as a tank driver during the closing days of World War II.  This compilation, which covers the Battle of the Bulge, the fall of Germany, and the weeks following the Third Reich's collapse also includes maps and a report on the author's visit to England and Belgium fifty years later.
Includes science activities in electricity, light, crystals and more.
Flaps, tabs, word balloons, and pop-ups illustrate the geography of the Earth and solar system.
Explains why floods occur, describes the effects of flooding, and discusses methods of flood prevention and control.
Solves decorating dilemmas by teaching you how to look at a room piece by piece, in seven layers from the floor up.
Presents facts about a wide variety of sea creatures, plus directions for a board game and other games and activities that feature denizens of the deep.
Provides abbreviated versions of ten classic tales in picture book format, with illustrations from the Walt Disney animated films.
Illustrated version of the traditional nursery rhyme is accompanied by cards which have simple questions about the story on one side, and an illustration on the reverse.
Illustrated version of the traditional nursery rhyme is accompanied by cards which have simple questions about the story on one side, and an illustration on the reverse.
Illustrated version of the traditional nursery rhyme is accompanied by cards which have simple questions about the story on one side, and an illustration on the reverse.
Describes the daily lives of American pioneers who explored and settled the territories west of the Appalachians.
An edition of Shakespeare's comedy, including discussion of its production, themes, patterns, language, and author.
Taking care of a cat and a baby brother turns into a series of comic adventures when George wakes up to find himself shrunk to the size of a mouse.
Separated from his own species as a hatchling and raised by a clan of lemurs, Aladar's life is plunged into chaos when a meteor shower forces him to join a group of migrating dinosaurs searching for a safe nesting ground.
This book, written by an airline captain and aviation career counselor, is a compilation of articles on a variety of subjects ranging from the concrete mechanics of finding a flying job to the subtle nuances of attitude and personal presentation.
A series of prayers for all occasions help children celebrate and give thanks for the world around them.
Virtues such as love, loyalty, hope, and courage are explained in easy-to-understand language, and illustrated with stories and poems from the Bible, classic tales, and historical and contemporary stories.
Simple recipes for children to make.
Peter learns how to measure inches and feet.
Provides facts about different kinds of ants, their anatomy, way of life, and ecological importance.
All Blue's friends are busy so she soon comes up with something fun to do, all by herself.
Lil and Phil can't get along until they are split up and miss each other, and Chuckie and Tommy must find a way to reunite them.
"A substantial contribution to English encyclopedias of German literature, this authoritative two-volume set features in-depth treatment of the authors, works, topics, and influences of German literary studies. Arranged in A-to-Z format, the articles are both definitive and critical."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
The Teletubbies enjoy jumping.
Provides an overview of the physical and emotional changes brought about by puberty in girls.
A home medical reference for common people in 1897.  The intent of the authors was to promote general physical and mental health by dispelling the myths and mysteries of the human body and the medical sciences.
Introduces six colors through photographs of babies' faces as they wear or play with brightly-hued objects.
Explores various mathematical concepts--such as randomness, symmetry, dimensions, and pi--and relates them to everyday life.
China's unique combination of emissions charges and pollution abatement subsidies has given China's most heavily polluting industrial firms incentive to invest in pollution abatement.
Replacing family allowances with childcare subsidies in Russia might have a strong positive effect on women's participation in the labor force and thus could be effective in reducing poverty.
How does incomplete trust shape the transaction costs in trading assets? And how does it affect resource allocation and pricing decisions from rational, forward-looking agents?
Hungary's government has made great progress toward revealing the true fiscal cost of its budgetary and off-budget programs, containing the financial risks of its policies, and improving the management of public expenditures and contingent liabilities.  Although far from complete, fiscal adjustment in Hungary has been successful not only in cutting the budget deficit but also in reducing less visible aspects of fiscal vulnerability.
The growth of agricultural productivity is widely believed to be low.  But this study finds the productivity rate in agriculture to be higher than that in manufacturing, both on average and for groups of countries at different stages of development.  This suggests that a large agricultural sector need not be a disadvantage for growth performance, and may be an advantage.
During a period of trade liberalization (1985-89), when Mexican manufacturing experienced an important inflow of foreign direct investment, manufacturing sectors with heavy foreign direct investment received greater protection in import-competing sectors.  With the move toward greater openness, the influence of industrial and foreign-investor lobbying on policy formation was reduced.
A positive historical shock to external spreads can lead to an increase in domestic spreads and a reduction in the cyclical component of output.  Shocks to external spreads immediately after the Mexican peso crisis had a sizable effect on movements in output and domestic interest rate spreads in Argentina.
In a country where financial intermediation is highly inefficient (with the enforcement costs of loan contracts very high, for example), or in one experiencing great volatility and large adverse shocks in output, the likelihood of an inefficient equilibrium is great.  In East Asia it may be in the interests of both debtors and creditors to collectively reduce the face value of debt, to reduce inefficiencies in the financial sector.
Property rights in China are moving in two different directions.  In some villages, private rights are secure and to some degree marketable; in other villages, individual rights are increasingly restricted and suject to more regulation and reallocation.  Administrative reallocation tends to promote more equal access to land, but the price paid for the social insurance of land tenure may be forgone investment.
There may be a compelling discontinuity to financial sector development in that banks need to be supported early in development but need to be "weakened" later, at the expense of bank rents, to foster further development.  The important question for policy is when and how to generate and manage this discontinuity so that it is not forced on society by costly and traumatic events such as bank failures.
Countries need suitable mechanisms for balancing the risks and benefits of financial openness, including mechanisms through which to provide insurance to citizens, through the marketplace or through redistributive policy, and thus to avert political pressure for capital controls.  Capital mobility as a policy objective gained currency and support only after significant trade liberalization and only in democratic countries that had established the ability to repond to citizens' demands for national economic security.
The increase in investment abroad during the past two decades may help explain the simultaneous worldwide rush toward free trade.  The entry of foreign capital may change the political game, increasing openness to international trade no matter what form the foreign capital takes (whether entering by acquiring equity in existing domestic firms or by bringing foreign firms into the host economy) or what its trade orientation (whether it enters the export or import-competing sector).
In China, where collectives own farmland but farmers may hold "use rights" to the land, a case can be made for a property rights system with incomplete security of tenure but with strong transfer rights, which permit "specialization without regret"-- so farmers can recoup the value of an investment even if they exit farming.
Some corruption of employees will exist when managers are constrained in setting rewards and penalties.  Attempts to reduce corruption need to address these constraints.  Raising salaries without raising expected penalties will have higher costs than benefits.
When foreign aid undermines institutions, countries can become aid-dependent, even if donors and recipients have the best intentions.
Small states, no different from large states in income and growth, should receive the same policy advice large states do.  Because of their greater openness, they may be more vulnerable to volatility in terms-of-trade shocks--but their openness pays off in growth.
A survey of more than 50 empirical papers shows that the adjustment costs of trade liberalization are small relative to the benefits.  Moreover, manufacturing employment typically increases with trade liberalization.  The limited data suggests that trade liberalization reduces poverty.
In this sample of 49 Latin America, OECD, and transition economies, it is the ineffective and discretionary administration of tax and regulatory regimes--not higher tax rates alone--as well as corruption, that increases the size of the unofficial economy.  And countries with a large unofficial economy tend to grow more slowly.
In the plague-riddled years of the early twenty-first century, the inhabitants of a small village live in fear until an enigmatic stranger arrives, offering a prophetic glimpse at the Book of Destiny, and the hope of salvation.
Taken from the annual proceedings of the Conference, the 'memoirs' are obituaries.
Franklin loves his stuffed dog, but now he wants a real pet.
Describes a baby's activities from morning until night.
Join in the wacky activities of Tommy as he spends a day exploring the world with his pals.
"Hundreds of abstracts culled from 30 years of journal articles, case reports, and clinical studies published on alternative medicine.  Assess the hard-to-find clinical research and evidence that's been gathered on the herbal preparations, homeopathic products, and nutraceuticals your patients are using and inquiring about."--P. 4 ofcover.
Presents facts, superstitions, and other information about rabbits, vampires, dogs, cats, and other creatures, along with puzzles and quizzes that feature characters from James Howe's Bunnicula series.
"...the Rugrats are caught up in Grandpa Boris's retelling of the Passover story, with Angelica imagining herself as the first female pharaoh--and Tommy as Moses, pleading with her to "Let my babies go!"
Chuckie isn't seeing too well and must visit the eye doctor to get his first pair of glasses.
A collection of ninety knock-knock jokes, riddles and jokes about the Rugrats babies and their friends.
Professor Oak sends Ash on a mission to the Orange Islands, where surprises await the young Pokemon trainer at every turn.
Ready to put aside her mourning clothes, Elsie spends an idyllic  summer with her family in seaside cottages on Nantucket Island, where minor disturbances include a test of Lulu's obedience and of Zoe's faith and trust in God.
Presents retellings of stories from the Old and New Testaments, accompanied by poems, prayers, and songs from around the world.
Uncle Ted gets Scooby-Doo and his friends to help find dinosaur bones for the museum, but the bones turn up missing. Can Scooby and his friends find the bones?
A young boy and girl enjoy their first weekend of football and fun at Texas A & M University.
An informational number book that tells the traditions of Texas A&M University.
An alphabet book that tells some of the traditions of Texas A & M University.
Timothy learns about being accepted and making friends during the first week of his first year at school.
Paddington, the well-loved bear from "darkest Peru," sets off on more merry mishaps including enrolling in school and receiving a visit from his Aunt Lucy.
Angelica pretends to be a queen in order to teach the babies manners, but the lesson does not turn out as she expects.
Tommy and Chuckie visit an ice cream factory and create a new flavor of their own.
Little Rabbit wants to give his grandmother an Easter egg and so he asks various birds if they can lay one. The reader lifts flaps to see each bird's eggs.
Scooby and the gang are enjoying the county fair until a Revolutionary War ghost shows up and ruins even Shaggy's appetite.
Blue is making her first book and she needs help! There are 34 word and picture stickers that preschoolers can use to help Blue complete a song, a poem, and even a story that she wants to put in her book.
Winnie-the-Pooh's day includes brushing his fur, eating honey, writing a letter, and doing things for his friends.
Tigger the toy tiger bounces his way though a busy day by trying his friends' favorite breakfast foods, learning his numbers, and playing games.
A pictorial history of the Civil War, using photographs taken by Mathew Brady and his assistants.
Lift the flap illustrations reveal what cat, walrus, frog, bat, shark, and people are having for dinner.
The link between household poverty and child labor is much stronger in Pakistan than in Peru.  Providing good schools in South Asia could help reduce child labor.  The link between child labor and adult labor markets varies with gender.
It is difficult to design and implement an effective safety net for banks, because overgenerous protection of banks may introduce a risk-enhancing moral hazard and destabilize the very system it is meant to protect.  The safety net that policymakers design must provide the right mix of market and regulatory discipline, enough to protect depositors without unduly undermining market discipline on banks.
Transition economies are at different stages of integration into the world trading system.  Most remaining reforms and adjustments must be initiated by the countries themselves.  But the United States and the European Union can help by reviewing their policies toward "nonmarket" economies.
"Overboard! is not only a challenging, documented history of the U.S.S. J.P. Kennedy, Jr., but is also a provocative narrative which provides details concerning a dramatic episode regarding a young woman (Clair Dostal) who fell off the Kennedy in 1963.  It tells of the ensuing lawsuit against the United States government and the results of the U.S. Department of Justice investigation"--Jkt.
Eleven-year-old Harriet keeps notes on her classmates and neighbors in a secret notebook, but when some of the students read the notebook, they seek revenge.
As the result of an accident a young girl is faced with the responsibility of foiling a Hanoverian plot to put St. Paul's Cathedral on rollers and roll it into the River Thames during the coronation of James IV.
Provides step-by-step instructions for creating bracelets in a variety of patterns.
Based on the video game of the same name.
More than two hundred years ago, two thousand people lived in the town of Williamsburg, Virginia.  This book tells you what it was like to grow up in colonial days, before there was a United States of America.
Contributed articles.
In 1848, thirteen-year-old Abby and her friend Luke leave her uncle's Hawaiian ranch and count on God's guidance as they search for lost treasure that could help her family.
On Mars in 2039, fourteen-year-old, wheelchair-bound, virtual-reality specialist Tyce Sanders must discover why oxygen is leaking out of the space station's dome in time to save those who live there, and in the process develops a new relationship with God.
In an experimental community on Mars in 2039, events lead fourteen-year-old virtual-reality specialist Tyce Sanders to question his beliefs about aliens and lead him to a new relationship with God.
On Mars in 2039, in the aftermath of a quake, fourteen-year-old virtual-reality specialist Tyce Sanders makes a startling discovery that could change life for everyone in the universe and bring Tyce to a new relationship with God.
Who lives in the kitchen and likes to bake?  Who splashed in the tub and makes lots of bubbles?  Blue has written rhyming riddles about some of her friends and it's up to readers to guess who the riddles are about.
Blue is having a costume party, and everyone's invited.
An unpainted, hand-carved nutcracker shaped like Santa Claus brings a boy and his father Christmas joy for many years.
Two friends have many things they can do together.
Count Munch, a very unusual vampire, disrupts the local chocolate festival by stealing the finest chocolates and hiding them in his castle.
"This well-written, well-researched reference source brings together monastic life with particular attention to three traditions: Buddhist, Eastern Christian, and Western Christian."--"Outstanding Reference Sources," American Libraries, May 2001.
Huckle and Lowly help Sally Cat with her counting using a nursery rhyme.
Special friends help Woodchuck send a valentine to Mouse when he is sick with the sniffles.
Introduces the letters of the alphabet while telling what happened at kindergarten when Miss Bindergarten was too ill to come to school.
Inspired by the journey of Lewis and Clark and the Corps of Discovery, this cookbook includes historical quotations from the journals of the Lewis and Clark Expedition and reproductions of works by Karl Bodmer, John F. Clymer, Charles M. Russell, and Charles Wilson Peale. The recipes use both wild ingredients and today's flavors and styles.
Eleven-year-old Erika has difficulty adjusting to life in Minnesota when her family moves there from Germany in 1880, but a special Clydesdale horse not only helps her fit in, but also saves her life.
Convinced that she is wanted only as a servant in her new home with relatives on a Wyoming ranch, orphaned, eleven-year-old Abby is unhappy until she finds and befriends an injured Mustang and determines to try to save it no matter what the cost to herself.
Single-word descriptions of a playful dog's antics introduce pairs of opposites.
Kipper the dog learns his colors.
Kipper the dog experiences rain, sun, snow, ice, fog, wind, hail, and finally, a rainbow.
Kipper the dog counts himself, hedgehogs, hamsters, hens, tortoises, moles, chicks, frogs, snails, and ten friends in this presentation of the numbers from one to ten.
Explains the origins of and relates stories associated with familiar Halloween symbols.
Describes the history and programs of the Girl Scouts and presents year-round activities for Brownies.
Talia's family moves from Bethesda, Maryland to Washington, D.C. in this story.  Appended nonfiction guide to sites of interest to young people.
While her mother is covering the Sydney Olympic Games for U.S. television, fourteen-year-old Eliza reluctantly comes along and finds adventure and romance as she explores the city. Includes a brief guidebook to Sydney.
Collection of serial publications relating to adult and juvenile crimes, transportation and fire prevention in Tochigi-ken, Japan; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications relating to education and culture in Tochigi-ken, Japan; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Tochigi-ken, covering agriculture, forestry and live stock, and silk industry; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Tochigi-ken; covering school and environmental health.
Collection of serial publications of Tochigi-ken; covering social security, social service, and welfare.
Collection of serial publications of Tochigi-ken; covering water control and public work.
Collection of serial publications of Tochigi-ken; covering taxation and finance.
Collection of serial publications of Tochigi-ken; covering local government's politics.
Collection of serial publications of Tochigi-ken; covering labor, salary, household income, and commerce, industry.
Collection of serial publications of Tottori-ken covering education and culture.
Collection of serial publications of Tottori-ken covering fishery, commerce, and industry.
Collection of serial publications of labor and economic statistics of Tottori-ken.
Collection of serial publications of Tottori-ken covering local government policy, income, and pollution.
Collection of serial publications of Shizuoka-ken covering labor, employment, wage, and consumer economy statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Shizuoka-ken covering aguriculture, forestry, and fishery.
Collection of serial publications of Shizuoka-ken covering hygine, environment, and health.
Collection of serial publications of Shizuoka-ken covering local government, public work, and taxation.
Collection of serial publications of cities, and towns of Shizuoka-ken covering local government.
Collection of serial publications of Shizuoka-ken covering schools, education, and libraries.
Collection of serial publications of Shizuoka-ken covering fire prevention, and transportation.
Collection of serial publications of Shizuoka-ken covering commerce, industry, and enterprise.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken, covering agriculture, forestry and live stock industry; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken, covering public health, hygine, environmental health; chiefly statistics.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken; covering taxation, finance, and local politics.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken covering school, education, and bibliography of local government.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken covering labor, employment, and consumer economy.
Collection of serial publications relating to adult and juvenile crimes, transportation, fire and flood controll in Shiga-ken.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken; covering insurance, social service and social security.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken; covering price index,  wage, and income.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken; covering local government's policy.
Collection of serial publications of Shiga-ken covering commerce, industry, and enterprise.
Intended primarily for middle school general music classes; may also be used in high school and selectively in grades 3-5. Teaches rhythm and appreciation for the music of West Africa and the Caribbean primarily through the use of percussion instruments and rhythmic patterns from those areas. Focuses on helping students meet the National music standards of the United States.
At first glance, Hubbert appears to be presenting both pro and con agruments regarding the suitability of dancing. However, the discussion is weighted toward the common discourse found in this genre of antidance literature. Hubbert argues that although dance was practiced in biblical times, it was performed by and for women. Additionally, he concludes that dance is bad for the health and a waste of time and money.
This detailed travelogue, the concluding part of a two-volume work written primarily for a British readership, discusses the United States' geological resources and offers critical observations about the manners and customs of its different peoples. It was written over a decade after the author explored St. Peter's River--the "Minnay Sotor" of the book's title--in 1835, and draws upon the journals he kept along the way. A Canoe Voyage (volume 2) deals with Featherstonhaugh's return journey to the east coast. His route, interrupted by many detours and excursions through what is now the state of Wisconsin, took him from Fort Snelling and Galena to St. Louis and its environs. Traveling by steamer along the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers to Paducah, Kentucky, Featherstonhaugh then journeyed down the Tennessee River to Tuscumbia, where he caught a train to Decatur. From this point, he journeyed by steamer, stage, and dugout canoe, to areas described as "Cherokee country," then onward to Georgia, the Carolinas,Virginia, and Washington, D.C, his ultimate destination. In this volume, Featherstonhaugh inveighs against fraudulent land speculators, slavery, the treatment of the Cherokee, and the bad manners of fellow travelers. He found much to admire in the beauty of the Southern Appalachians and the hospitality of John C. Calhoun, the celebrated Southern statesman.
Peter Hardeman Burnett (1807-1895) spent his early years in Tennessee and Missouri, serving as a district attorney in the latter state. In 1843 he joined an emigrant party bound for Oregon, where he became a prominent and controversial lawyer, judge, and politician in the new territory. In 1848, he went to California in search of gold and soon became a business and political leader of that territory. Recollections and opinions of an old pioneer (1880) contains Burnett's recollections of his early life in Missouri, his career in Oregon, and his decision to join a wagon train to California in the summer of 1848. There he seeks gold for six months before resuming the practice of law and the pursuit of politics. Elected a judge in August and governor in December 1849, Burnett turned to the practice of law in the 1850s and the business of banking in the 1860s. He touches on his various professional pursuits and his home life in Sacramento.
This is a small compendium of statistics, charts, timetables, and political information published by the Michigan Central Railroad. It includes lists of members of state boards, the state legislature, and officers of military regiments. Population figures, vote tallies, and numbers drawn from the report of the state treasurer for fiscal year 1884 accompany useful commercial intelligence such as the locations of local post offices and national banks or names and sites of regional newspapers. Thee are schedules for railroads and circuit courts, and a brief geographical and historical summary. Advertisements range from notices of available land to railroad routes, heating devices, tobacco, insurance, and hotels and restaurants. Much of the book's material directly or indirectly promotes the Michigan Central Railroad.
This pamphlet brings together a series of letters originally published in theChicago Price Current under the pseudonym Massabesic. They chronicle the writer's travels through Michigan's towns and cities by the Michigan Central Railroad as well as by water transportation and coach. Schooley emphasizes the growth and financial development of these burgeoning communities in the late 1860s. He discusses each town's local attractions, newspapers, educational and religious facilities, fiscal health, sources of wealth, retailing and distribution of goods, and agricultural and industrial production; however, he does not always provide the same amount of information for every community. Schooley also includes "An Essay on the Credit System," which analyzes the pitfalls of extending credit and buying "on time,"and an essay on the "Commercial Independence of the Northwest," which encourages the manufacture and distribution of the Upper Midwest's finished products through Chicago.
This pamphlet consists of photographs of views and landmarks in various locales along the southern shore of Lake Superior: Marquette, St. Ignace, Ishpeming, Champion, Collinsville, Sault Ste. Marie, and Mackinac Island. The scenes include several large hotels, picturesque landscapes, Father Marquette's grave, locks around the waters of the Sault accommodating large ships, the International Railway Bridge, and the Lake Superior Iron Mine. B.F. Childs of Marquette, Michigan is the photographer, and he evidently intended the pamphlet to appeal to the tourist trade, since the illustrations are arranged as if in a souvenir scrap-book.
This descriptive discussion of the Lake Superior country emphasizes geographical features and is directed primarily towards those interested in locating and exploiting the region's mineral deposits of copper and iron. Nevertheless, it is written as a travel narrative, with the author progressing along the shoreline areas, noting their scenic beauties and providing anecdotes and opinions along the way. The reader is told what to wear and what transportation facilities and amenities will be found en route. The book lists mining companies already functioning in the area and gives information about their management and the nature of their operations. Among other information, there is also a glossary of mining terms, a list of grantees, a short vocabulary of French and local Indian words, and a list of steamship and sailing vessels.
This is an account by Henry Rowe Schoolcraft (1793-1864) of his discovery of the Mississippi River's source, Lake Itasca, in 1832. Schoolcraft was an Indian agent for the region, and he assembled an expeditionary party of thirty, including Ozawindib (an Ojibway guide and interpreter), an army officer, a surgeon, a geologist, and interpreter, and a missionary. They set out with instructions from Secretary of War Lewis Cass to effect a permanent peace among the region's Native Americans, persuade them to be vaccinated against smallpox, acquire demographic and scientific information, and establish definitively the origin of the Mississippi. Expedition Through the Upper Mississippi contains anecdotes and observations about the beliefs, customs, and history of the Chippewa [Ojibway] as well as the Sioux [Dakota], the Fox [Mesquakie], the Sauk, the Menominee, the Mandans, and various other Native American groups. The narrative proceeds chronologically along the route the expedition followed, with detailed descriptions of geographical features. This volume also includes a short account of a trip along the St. Croix and Burntwood (Brule) River, and has an appendix containing statistical and linguistic data, a list of shells collected by Schoolcraft in the West and Northwestern territories, official reports, a speech by six Chippewa chiefs about the war delivered at Michilimackinac in July 1833, and a discussion of the Upper Mississippi's lead-mining country.
Correspondence of W.B. Reed relating to certain letters, attributed to Gen. Samuel Smith, Gen. Anthony Wayne and others, reflecting on the character of Gen. Jos. Reed.  First published in 1842 and reprinted in 1856, the letters were attacked as forgeries by W.B. Reed, grandson of Jos. Reed.
Trouting on the Brule River is a literary account of genteel sportsmen's fishing expeditions during the summers of 1875 and 1877. Originally published in the Chicago Sunday Times and the Chicago Sunday Tribune, the book's chapters tell how a group of Chicago lawyers traveled by rail, foot and canoe to destinations along the Menominee, Michigami, and Brule Rivers in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The author describes the delights of fly-fishing in lyrical detail, along with bobbing for pike, shooting rapids, deer and duck hunting, and encounters with birds and animals. He romanticizes the expedition's Indian guides, believing that they lived in a state of nature.
The first part relates to the polar exploration of William Barents; the second, to early settlements of the Dutch in Maine and a later conquest by a naval expedition about 1674-1676.
In a series of letters, William Darby (1775-1854), who describes himself as a member of the New-York Historical Society, chronicles his journey up the Hudson, across New York to Ogdensburg and Sackett's Harbor (on Lake Ontario), and on to Buffalo and Detroit. Along the way, he spends time in Rhinebeck, Utica, Geneva, Niagara Falls, and other points of scenic or economic interest. He also discusses the St. Lawrence River and its commercial traffic at length, analyzing development on both shores and comparing the United States's and Canada's growth. Darby made the trip across Lake Erie from Buffalo to Detroit on the schooner Zephyr, stopping at such towns as Dunkirk, Cleveland, and Sandusky. His return trip to New York took him back along the American shore of Lake Erie to Buffalo and Albany (by way of Auburn, the Finger Lakes, and Schenectady). Appended to these letters are "general remarks" (which include excerpts of a speech by Governor Clinton to the New York State Legislature), a description of Ballston Spa, a letter Darby received about the not-yet-opened Erie Canal, and long excerpts from Bouchette's Canada. Darby tells us primarily about the geology and natural features of the areas he visits as well as their current and future economic prospects. He provides some demographic information and occasionally mentions local accommodations. The book is accompanied by two colored maps, one of which details the route he took for his journey.
This book recounts the experiences of a young, genteel wife adjusting to the military life and frontier conditions of life at Fort Winnebago, Wisconsin, in the early 1830s. She describes her perilous journeys back and forth to the early settlement of Chicago, her complex cultural encounters with a diverse frontier society, and her determination to instill her own standards of civilized behavior and Christian observance. There is abundant information on the customs, folklore, economic practices, life-cycle events, medical treatments, diet, warfare, environmental responses, social hierarchies, and gender roles of the different groups of people that Kinzie comes to know best. She also provides detailed portraits of individual native Americans, voyageurs, fur traders, missionaries, pioneers, soldiers, and African Americans who impressed her positively or negatively. As pieces of local and family history, Kinzie retells stories of settlers captured by Indians; battle scenes from the wars with the British, the Sioux (Dakota) and other native Americans; and the fall of Fort Dearborn.
John Ross Browne (1817-1875) of Kentucky, the official reporter for the California State Constitutional Convention of 1849, came to California in 1849 as an employee of the government revenue service. He traveled widely in the next two decades, including a stay in China as U.S. minister, before settling down in Oakland in 1870. Crusoe's island (1864) contains four short works: (1) Crusoe's island, an account of his visits to Juan Fernandez, the island off the Chilean coast where Alexander Selkirk's experiences are supposed to have been the basis of Defoe's Robinson Crusoe; (2) A dangerous journey, an account of Browne's 1849 journey by horseback from San Francisco to San Luis Obispo; (3) Observations in office, which summarizes his experiences as a functionary of the Treasury Department sent to the Pacific Coast in 1858 to examine customs houses, with chapters on a controversy in Port Townsend, Washington, concerning the sale of liquor to Native Americans and on the exploitation of Native Americans in California; and (4) A peep at Washoe, inspired by the latest "rush," that for gold in the Washoe region of the Sierra Nevada, including Browne's reflections on mining fevers and his recollections of his own travels through Nevada and California mining districts.
A narrative of travel in Washington Territory in 1853 and on the Isthmus of Panama in the preceding year.
Samuel McNeil left his shoemaking business in Lancaster, Ohio, in January 1849 for a trip to the California gold fields via Panama. Unlike many 49ers, he had sense enough to return home when he had accumulated enough gold to meet his needs. McNeil's travels in 1849 (1850) recounts the shipwreck that forced McNeil and his compatriots to travel overland from Texas to Mazatlan, where they obtained passage to San Francisco. He then describes prospecting at Smiths Bar on the North Fork of the American River, Bear River, Weaver's Creek, and other Feather and Trinity Rivers camps until August, when he took his stake of 2,000 and booked passage east.
A native of Frederick, Maryland, Luther Melanchthon Schaeffer sailed around the Horn to California in 1849. He spent most of the next two-and-a-half years in the gold fields, mining on the Feather River, Deer Creek, Grass Valley (Centerville) and other Nevada County sites. Sketches of travels in South America, Mexico and California (1860) gives an excellent picture of the international, interracial community of miners, with comments on social patterns, creation of local government, vigilance committees, and legal disputes in this society. Schaeffer also describes visits to San Francisco and Sacramento, Mexico, and Panama before his return to the East in 1852.
Benjamin Franklin Taylor (1819-1887) won renown as a war correspondent for Chicago newspapers during the Civil War. In peacetime he became a freelance writer best known as a poet. Between the gates (1878) is an account of Taylor's journey by train from Chicago to San Francisco in the 1870s and his summer in California. The trip west is covered in great detail as is his lengthy stay in San Francisco, with its Chinatown. From there, he journeys by rail to the Sonoma Valley, on to the geysers and petrified forest, the Russian River and Mammoth Cave, continuing by horseback through the San Joaquin Valley to the Yosemite. Briefer attention is given to his rail trip to Southern California with stops at Tehachapi, the Mojave Desert, Los Angeles, and the San Gabriel mission.
Edward S. Parkinson was a New Jersey newspaperman who traveled to California and Alaska in 1892. Wonderland, or Twelve weeks in and out of the United States (1894) is his account of that three-month adventure: a rail trip from New Jersey to California with side trips to Oregon, Washington, and Alaska. Highlights include visits to the Grand Canyon, Yellowstone and Yosemite, Portland and Shoshone; with a chapter on California resort hotels.
This promotional pamphlet provides brief descriptions of popular tourist destinations along the Upper Midwestern route of the Chicago and North-Western Railway in 1884. The Michigan communities of Escabana, Gogebic, Marquette, and Menominee are included, as are the Minnesota towns of Stillwater, Lake Madison, and Waseca. The information in the entries is not always consistent, but usually includes sites of interest, hotels and rooming houses (with occasional prices), and commentary on the health-restoring properties of the local air and water. A "How To Get There" section accompanying each entry alerts the reader to the number of trains going to a particular place as well as the best routes to travel. Engravings and a map accompany the text, as do a few tables analyzing the chemical properties of water. The pamphlet also includes brief descriptions of Yellowstone and other resorts further west, and an advertisement for the Chicago and Northwestern Railway itself.
Alexander Campbell, a state representative from Marquette, presented this address on February 6, 1861 to the Michigan State Legislature, which resolved that 5,000 copies of it be printed and distributed. Campbell extols the resources and development prospects of Michigan's Upper Peninsula, and attempts to balance prevailing assumptions about its frigid climate and long winters with positive descriptions of its dry, clean air and therapeutic value for invalids, particularly during the summer months. Among the area's natural advantages, Campbell cites natural harbors, abundant fisheries, mineral wealth (especially iron and copper), lumber (vast stands of hardwood timber), and agricultural potential. Though the winter air might be too bracing for those suffering from tuberculosis, Campbell believes that it virtually eliminates the feverish colds and barking coughs of damper, more changeable climates. He argues, however, that highways and ports must be developed to improve transportation and export of the region's products.
Hubert Howe Bancroft (1832-1918) moved to California from Buffalo, New York, in 1852. After a brief exposure to gold mining, he returned to the profession of bookselling, setting up shop in Crescent City. In 1856, he moved to San Francisco, where he founded H.H. Bancroft & Co., which soon became the state's premier bookseller and publisher. From 1871 to 1889, Bancroft labored on his Native races and history of the Pacific states, western Canada, and Alaska, which he published beginning in 1874, hiring qualified authors for the volumes and even sending out field workers who obtained dictated reminiscences from surviving pioneers. Literary industries: a memoir (1891) recounts his early life and experiences in California. He recounts his career as a businessman and his growing fascination with his hobbies of collecting books on Pacific Coast history and amassing the source materials for a multi-volume study of the subject. This is a book about the writing of history and preservation of source materials as well as the recollections of a leading early California businessman.
Discusses panorama of the battle by Theo. Poilpot.
This book provides full-page biographies of men prominent in Michigan's business, professional, political, educational, and cultural life in the late nineteenth century. Although the entries are not in alphabetical order, there is an alphabetical index on pp. xi-xiv. The entries are preceded by an extensive selection of historical background materials under such headings as "The Civil Commonwealth," "The Military Record," "Educational," "Material Interests," "Religious Organizations," and "Miscellaneous" (which discusses the political parties, liquor traffic, including prohibition laws, and also provides tables). The religion section includes information about church doctrine and polity for mainline denominations, and the educational section summarizes major institutional issues and conflicts at the University of Michigan.
This antidance treatise was directed at the large German-speaking population that settled in the midwestern section of the United States. Pfefferkorn's two main arguments are common in this genre of literature: dance is a waste of time and money and, additionally, is bad for the health. The author concludes that dance is sinful and dangerous, leading to carnal appetites and immoral thoughts and actions.
Rabbit is busy planting his garden and has no time to play the Easter Bunny this year. Pooh and his friends decide to help him plant, and in no time it is done, allowing Rabbit once again to play the Easter Bunny.
Susie Champney Clark was a Boston matron who visited California as a member of an organized rail tour forty years after the Gold Rush. The round trip from the Hub to the Golden gate (1890) describes that rail trip, with special attention to stops at Chicago, Pasadena, Santa Barbara, Riverside, San Diego, San Francisco, Oakland, Sonoma County, the Lick Observatory, Santa Cruz, Monterey, Yosemite, and Salt Lake City.
Charles Warren Stoddard (1843-1909) and his family left Rochester, New York, for California in 1855. In the 1870s and 1880s, he became a well known writer of travel books, most notably his South-Sea Idylls. He taught at Notre Dame and the Catholic University of America before retiring to California at the end of his life. In the footprints of the padres (1902) recalls Stoddard's boyhood and family life in San Francisco: schools, Chinatown, social life, Happy Valley, and the Vigilance Committee. He also describes a voyage to New York in 1857 with his ailing older brother and offers miscellaneous anecdotes of California missions, Monterey, and Theresa Yelverton.
While United States consul to France (1861-1864), Bigelow wrote Etats-Unis d'Amerique en 1863 in order to counteract the apparent desire of the French people for a  dissolution of the American Union, by showing them the relative importance of the commerce of the northern and southern states.
This small book was written to serve as an introduction for American children to the history, culture, and society of Puerto Rico at the turn of the century. It is clearly written and contains maps, illustrations and anecdotes intended to hold the interest of English-language readers, ages 10 to 15. In spite of its age, the book is still informative. The author's narrative is accurate, vivid and detailed and gives the reader a excellent snapshot of Puerto Rican life and culture before the introduction of North American influences. Recommended for all ages.
Regimental orderly book of the 5th Pennsylvania (formerly the 4th) under command of Col. Anthony Wayne. During these 3 months following Carleton's attempted invasion of October, 1776, the garrison at Ticonderoga consisted first of 5 brigades under direct command of Gen. Gates; about the middile of November the greater part of the troops was withdrawn, Wayne being left in command of the remainder.
Includes titles on all subjects, some in foreign languages, later incorporated into Memorial Library.
Relates to the deportation of the Acadians; the author considers the work of earlier historians and is especially critical of T. B. Akins the compiler of Nova Scotia archives I, and Francis Parkman.
An attack on the operating of Alexander Mackenzie and the Alaska gold mining co.
Helen Hunt Jackson (1830-1885) of Amherst, Massachusetts, turned to writing after the death of her first husband in 1863. Her marriage to William Jackson, a wealthy Denver Quaker, brought her to the West in 1875, and she soon became a Native American rights activist. She was sent west as part of a federal commission to investigate conditions among the Mission Indians in 1882, and her experiences as part of that commission inspired her famous 1884 novel Ramona. Glimpses of California (1902) reprints articles Jackson first published in 1883. She offers a narrative history of the California mission system and the early years of Los Angeles as a Hispanic community and the work of Junipero Serra as well as an analysis of the fate of the Mission Indians after those missions were dismantled. This section of the book is followed by a chapter on Southern California's "outdoor industries" -- livestock ranching and farming -- and one on Jackson's visit to Oregon.
Originally published in 1762 and reissued in 1765, this work borrows heavily from previously published materials, including the works of Locke, Goldini, and especially John Weaver's 1712 An Essay towards a history of dancing. Gallini (1728-1805) presents a history of dance, arguments for learning the art of dance, and a discourse on the minuet. Especialy interesting are Gallini's comments on European and non-European dance, and discussion includes practices in Britain, Spain, Naples, the peasants of Tirol, Russia, Turkey, China, Africa, and the Americas.
Loraine Pratt Immen (b. 1840) of Grand Rapids, Iowa, visited California in the winter and spring of 1896. Letters of travel (1896?) first appeared in a local newspaper. Mrs. Immen reported visits to Echo Mountain, San Diego, greater Los Angeles, Yosemite, Oakland, Santa Clara, San Jose, and San Francisco.
Concerning the relative number of troops furnished by Massachusetts and Indiana, in 1861 and 1862.  Also, comparing the military service of Massachusetts and other New England states, with that of the southern states during the revolution.
This is the autobiographical account of an explorer, government administrator, and scholar whose researches into the language and customs of the Chippewa and other Native American peoples of the Great Lakes region are considered milestones in nineteenth-century ethnography. After a childhood in Hamilton, New York, Schoolcraft gained attention for the reports and journals he wrote on trips west to explore mineral deposits in Arkansas, Missouri, and the old Northwest. Later, he joined the Cass expedition to the Lake Superior region, where he served as an Indian agent in St. Mary (Sault Ste. Marie) from 1822 to 1836. During that time, he continued to make regular exploratory journeys. On one of these, in 1832, he located the Mississippi River's source at Lake Itasca, Minnesota. From 1836 to 1841, Schoolcraft served as Michigan's superintendent of Indian Affairs and helped to bring about a treaty with the Ojibwa (1836), who as a result relinquished their claims to most of northern Michigan. Schoolcraft's memoirs are noteworthy for their detailed geographic, geological, political, military, folkloric, historical, and ethnographic information. Married to a woman of Native American background, he was sympathetic to certain aspects of the Indian societies he encountered. Nevertheless, he saw the sweep of new settlers into Indian lands as inevitable, and accepted as necessary the removal of Native peoples beyond the advancing boundaries of the Unites States. Schoolcraft believed that soldiers, diplomats, federal officials, and missionaries could do their jobs more effectively if they learned native languages and understood Indian customs. These motives, along with his literary aspirations, gave rise to his explorations of Indian cultural life. He discusses Indian myths and legends at length and talks about how he transformed them into his own Algic Researches (1839), the work that inspired Longfellow's "Hiawatha." Schoolcraft also corresponded or visited with Washington Irving, Thomas Jefferson, Albert Gallatin, and many of the era's other leading intellectuals, and details his conversations with them.
Charles Cornelius Coffin Painter was an agent of the Indian Rights Association, headquartered in Philadelphia. The condition of affairs in Indian Territory and California (1888) reports Painter's findings at the Seger Colony and Cheyenne, Arapahoe, Anadarko, Iowa, Comanche, Wichita, and Ponca agencies and reservations in the Indian Territory. In California, he visits Indian settlements and reservations at Cohuilla, Agua Caliente, San Ysabel, Mesa Grande, Captain Grande, and San Jacinto. He discusses incursions on Native American lands and schools for the Mission Indians and legal actions on behalf of the San Fernando Indians.
Blackbird (Mack-e-te-be-nessy) was an Ottawa chief's son who served as an official interpreter for the U.S. government and later as a postmaster while remaining active in Native American affairs as a teacher, advisor on diplomatic issues, lecturer and temperance advocate. In this work he describes how he became knowledgeable about both Native American and white cultural traditions and chronicles his struggles to achieve two years of higher education at the Ypsilanti State Normal School. He also deals with the history of many native peoples throughout the Michigan region (especially the Mackinac Straits), combining information on political, military, and diplomatic matters with legends, personal reminiscences, and a discussion of comparative beliefs and values, and offering insights into the ways that increasing contact between Indians and whites were changing native lifeways. He especially emphasizes traditional hunting, fishing, sugaring, and trapping practices and the seasonal tasks of daily living. Ottawa traditions, according to the author, recall their earlier home on Canada's Ottawa River and how they were deliberately infected by smallpox by the English Canadians after allying themselves with the French. Blackbird finds Biblical parallels with Ottawa and Chippewa accounts of a great flood and a fish which ingests and expels a celebrated prophet. He includes his own oratorical "Lamentation" on white treatment of the Ottawas, twenty-one moral commandments of the Ottawa and Chippewa, the Ten Commandments and other religious material in the Ottawa and Chippewa language, and a grammar of that language. Henry Rowe Schoolcraft appears in the narrative in his role as an Indian agent.
Captain Jacob Nix, a German immigrant, was the commander of the citizen forces defending New Ulm, Minnesota during the Sioux uprising of 1862. In this German language text, he provides a narrative account of the events and an unflattering portrayal of the Sioux.
A Southern Methodist minister, Oscar Penn Fitzgerald (1829-1911) of North Carolina was sent to California as a missionary by his denomination in 1855. He remained for more than twenty years, winning appointment as state superintindent of public education in 1867 despite his pro-Southern position during the Civil War. In the late 1870s, Fitzgerald returned to the East, editing the Nashville Christian Advocate, 1878-1890, and accepting appointment as a Southern Methodist bishop. California sketches (1880) is the first of his books dealing with his stay in California, providing brief anecdotes of his life in California in the mid 1850s: pastorate of churches in the gold-mining town of Sonora, 1855-1856, and in Santa Rosa and Santa Clara; editing the Pacific Methodist Advocate in San Francisco; and conflict between Northern and Southern Methodist churches in California.
v. 1 Discusses travels in the United States -- v. 2 Discusses travels in Mexico -- v. 3 Discusses travels in Central America and South America, particularly Panama and Peru.
Theodore Augustus Barry (1825-1881) and Benjamin Ada Patten (1825-1877) established their credentials as California pioneers by arriving in their adopted state before January 1, 1850. Men and memories of San Francisco (1873) gives later arrivals a detailed picture of the city as it existed a few months before California statehood. They describe the streets and the residences and business that lined each thoroughfare and alley as well as the men and women who owned those homes, boarding-houses, hotels, restaurants, saloons, stores, offices, and shops. They also chronicle the fire of May 1851 which destroyed so many of the structures they describe. While they focus on the city as it was in early 1850, their sketches of its residents extend further, often forming capsule biographies of their subjects.
Clarence King (1842-1901) of Rhode Island was a Yale-educated geologist and mining engineer who rode horseback across the continent in 1863. In California, he was hired to work on Whitney's geological survey of the state, and he went on to a distinguished professional career. Mountaineering in the Sierra Nevada (originally published 1872) begins with a summary of the geological history of the Sierras and then recounts King's experiences in the range, both as a member of the Whitney expedition and as a mountain climber, 1864-1870. Highlights include his ascents of Mount Tyndall, Mount Shasta, and Mount Whitney; survey of Yosemite Valley; and field trips in the Merced Valley. King provides anecdotes of the mountains' people and natural history along the way.
Salvador Brau was a historian, novelist, journalist, and essayist born in the western Puerto Rican town of Cabo Rojo in 1842.  This book is a compilation of journalism articles written between 1880 and 1894.  The last two decades of the nineteenth century were a time of intense political ferment in Puerto Rico.  The book reveals the author's knowledge of the forces contributing to the rapid change in the island's political and social climate.  Among the essays included in this work are "En plena luz" (Exposed), which exposes Brau's political principles and his opinions about Puerto Rico; "Asi como nosotros" (Just Like Us), which studies the political conditions in the island; "Busquemos el origen" (Let's Find the Origin), which discusses the relationships among Spanish settlers in the Americas and the colonies' needs for freedom; and "La Disciplina" (Discipline), which explains the principles and ethics a political party should follow in a democratic society.
The Lares Revolt of 1868 sought the abolition of slavery, freedom of the press and commerce, and the independence of Puerto Rico. Six hundred men, led by liberals, drew up a provisional constitution and declared the Puerto Rican Republic, but they were defeated in their first clash with Spanish troops. Despite the movements quick defeat, during the 20th century the revolt has come to be viewed as the beginning of Puerto Rico's struggle for independence. Perez Moris opposed Puerto Rican independence, but his work has served as an important study of the revolt.
Maurice Farrar was an Englishman authorized by Minnesota in 1880 to act as an Agent for the promotion of Immigration through lecturing in Great Britain. He spent five years in Minnesota during the late 1870s and, upon his return home, published this promotional work extolling the farming life there. The preface makes clear his intention of encouraging inhabitants of Britain to emigrate to a land seemingly unaffected by agricultural depression. His favorable review of Minnesota centers on Fairmont, in Martin County, which he describes as an "English colony" settled by natives of Great Britain from all walks of life. He then talks about the woods of Fillmore County and the town of Chatfield which he follows with a visit to a Chippewa reservation, White Earth. For much of the rest of the book, Farrar discusses sports, politics, and social life, finishing with a detailed exploration of factors that might induce one to emigrate. An appendix of agricultural crops, ploughing, appropriate housing and other practical information concludes this volume.
This amply-illustrated promotional guidebook, issued by the General Passenger Department of the Duluth South Shore & Atlantic Railway, describes in great detail the sights and recreational opportunities afforded visitors along Lake Superior's South Shore. The author follows the route from Sault Ste. Marie west to Duluth, including Marquette, Presque Isle and Macinac as well as other major stopover points, providing much local and geological history along the way. In words and pictures, the book depicts picturesque landmarks and scenic landscapes, mining, manufacturing, logging operations, fishing, hunting, and other wilderness activities, with some attention to the region's Indian groups.
Inigo Abbad y Lasierra (1745-1813) was a Spanish-born Catholic priest who became secretary to the bishop of Puerto Rico in 1773 and remained on the island for ten years. Abbad's Historia, originally published in Spain, is considered the first modern historical work on Puerto Rico. It begins with the Spanish discovery and conquest of the island and ends in the late eighteenth century. Chapters twenty through forty are devoted to the study of the island's climate, economy, population, geography and natural history. Acosta's edition is an annotated and enlarged version of Abbad's work, published eighty years after the original. Acosta brought the Historia up-to-date (1866) and incorporated much new information that had not been available to Abbad. Acosta added his corrections and additions to the end of each chapter. As Acosta approached his own time, he incorporated much new historical information. He also used his annotations as a vehicle to advocate the abolition of slavery in Puerto Rico and encourage Spain to reduce Puerto Rican trade barriers.
De Cordoba, who was secretary to the Captain General of Puerto Rico, 1816-1836, continued the history of Puerto Rico where Abbad left off and provided a rich resource of information on the island for the years 1783 to 1831. His work, however, is less than objective in its evaluation of Spanish rule during the period under study, and he attempts to justify continued Spanish control over Puerto Rico. De Cordoba was an eye-witness of some events described in the book. His narrative includes vivid descriptions and commentaries about historical personalities, based on his own personal experiences. He also emphasizes economic and statistical data about the island. The last chapter contains a useful list of Puerto Rican governors and religious leaders (from the Taino Indians until the early 1830s). The first volume of this six-volume set was published in the 1866 edition of Inigo Abbad y Lasierra's Historia geografica, civil v natural.
Van Middledyk's work was the first major historical study of Puerto Rico in English. Van Middledyk advanced Puerto Rican historiography by building on the works of Brau, Coll y Toste, and Acosta, and by consulting early Spanish chronicles. A librarian at the Free Public Library of San Juan, Van Middledyk possessed knowledge of and access to considerable primary source material. His history is sympathetic to the Indians and highly critical of Spanish colonial administration. Coming in the wake of American military occupation, the book sought to explain and justify control of the island by the United States.
Although the title of this manual would indicate a collection of cotillons (figure dances usually performed by four couples), the dances are, in fact, English country dances, performed by a column of men facing a column of women. The collection includes directions for fifty English country dances.
