Personal rights and the domestic relations / 
The sky pilot; a tale of the foothills, 
The martyrs' idyl, and shorter poems, 
Their silver wedding journey / 
Child verse; poems grave and gay, 
The successful man of business, 
A treatise on the civil and criminal jurisdiction of justices of the peace, 
A catalogue of the best books in every department of literature; 
James Henry Lane, the "Grim chieftain" of Kansas, 
A century of science and other essays, 
Vassar stories, 
Comparative statistical tables and charts of the commerce of the world / 
Songs of the Lakes and other poems. 
Reminiscences, 1819-1899, 
The treatise on metal mining, 
The queen's twin, and other stories, 
A new history of the United States. 
Personal reminiscences of the anti-slavery and other reforms and reformers. 
Through unexplored Asia, 
The loom of destiny 
Pictures from the lives of the great composers for children / 
Catalogue of the American Institute Photographic Salon. 
America to-day; observations and reflections 
The Baltimore society address book ... 
The man and his message; 
Treatise on orthopedic surgery / 
Beyond the hills of dream, 
Compendium. H. de Balzac's Comédie humaine, 
The story of Ronald Kestrel. 
The genealogy, history, and alliances of the American house of Delano, 1621 to 1899. 
Lessons on manners; arranged for grammar schools, high schools, and academies. 
Lessons on morals; arranged for grammar schools, high schools, and academies, 
Carmina sacerdotis, 
Love among the mistletoe, and poems, 
The Civil War by campaigns, 
God's rebel, 
The golden age, 
The white terror; a romance of the French Revolution and after; 
Hell's canyon; a poem of the camps, 
Little "Jim Crow", and other stories of children, 
Memoirs of a revolutionist / 
Philosophy of history; an introduction to the philosophical study of politics, 
Famous homes of Great Britain and their stories, 
Lalla Rookh; an oriental romance, 
Twenty lessons in letter writing and business forms; 
Famous actors of the day, in America : first series / 
The Transvaal; 
Mary: the queen of the house of David and mother of Jesus; the story of her life / 
Practical studies in the gifts, 
The rebel's daughter; a story of love, politics and war, 
The essentials of language and grammar / 
For the freedom of the sea; a romance of the War of 1812, 
Critical confessions, 
The light of Scarthey; a romance, 
Restoration of environments with radioactive residues : 
Plant structures; a text book of botany, 
Voices of freedom and studies in the philosophy of individuality, 
Friends and helpers / 
In vales of Helikon : poems / 
Gedichte, 
General digest of the decisions of the principal courts in the United States, England and Canada. 
Harper's pictorial history of the war with Spain; 
Swarthmore idylls / 
An alphabet of celebrities / 
Elementary astronomy; a beginner's text-book, 
A treatise on stenography / 
Madrine Doucet, a romance, 
A season's sowing, 
School hygiene, 
Sir Arthur Sullivan : life story, letters, and reminiscences / 
Parliamentary lessons, based on "Reed's Rules", a handbook of common parliamentary law. 
The worshipper of the image, 
Care and treatment of epileptics, 
First principles in politics, 
The white dove / 
The old order changes, 
Fighting in the Philippines; 
Politics for young Americans, 
A short table of integrals, 
The cost of living as modified by sanitary science. 
A modern reader and speaker, 
The v-a-s-e & other bric-à-brac, 
A Round table of the representative French Catholic novelists, 
The world and the individual / 
The talisman; a tale of the crusaders, 
In cap and bells, 
Pastor Gram : fortælling / 
The Rover boys in the jungle; or, Stirring adventures in Africa, 
Diseases of pigeons. 
French portraits : 
The house of a hundred lights. 
United States Courts of Appeals reports. 
Of such is the kingdom / 
The story of our flag, colonial and national, with historical sketch of the Quakeress Betsy Ross, 
Hampton and his cavalry in '64. 
The war in the Philippines, 
The collapse of the kingdom of Naples, 
Briton and Boer; both sides of the South African question, 
Speeches, debates, resolutions, list of the delegates, committees, etc. 
By-gone tourist days : letters of travel / 
The Grangers, and other stories. 
Guessing at heroes. 
How England saved Europe; the story of the great war 1793-1815, 
Federal clearing houses, 
The ladder of promise. 
Personal reminiscences of Cardinal Newman : 
Military heroes of the United States from Lexington to Santiago / 
The brushwood boy / 
Principles of political economy, with some of their applications to social philosophy. 
The spirit of laws, 
Pennsylvania stories, 
The light-bearer of liberty / 
Suspense / 
Thomas Paine. 
The works of William Makepeace Thackeray, 
Paris known and unknown, 
The story of France; from the earliest times to the consulate of Napoleon Bonaparte, 
The Castle inn, 
The technical procedures in filling teeth / 
A hand-book of Latin notes, 
World relations; man and the cosmic principle. 
The little heroes of Matanzas, 
Rhymes from the Round-up camp. 
The No-din;́ romance, history and science of the pre-historic races of America and other lands ... 
The trumpeters, and other poems / 
Paris, 1900; the American guide to city and exposition, 
Water-supply engineering; the designing, construction, and maintenance of water-supply systems, 
Daughter of the elm; a tale of western Virginia before the war, 
Bismarck and the foundation of the German empire, 
Earthwork out of Tuscany : being impressions and translations of Maruice Hewlett / 
The English income tax, 
Practical etiquette. 
The world's mercy, 
The history of Troop "A", New York Cavalry U. S. V., 
The divine creed; or, The only ground of union. 
Aunt Madge's story. 
Libro segundo de lectura, 
A system of legal medicine, 
Spots of wit and humor (original) / 
Auswahl aus Luthers deutschen schriften; 
Lovers alway; a wedding souvenir, 
Milton's L'allegro, Il penseroso, Comus, and Lycidas; 
A memorial of the town of Hampstead, New Hampshire. Historic and genealogic sketches. 
Original poems and spicy lectures 
The scalp hunters; 
The prodigal's prayer 
Sam Lawson's Oldtown fireside stories, 
The seekers / 
The prophets of Israel, 
Some players : personal sketches / 
Healthy exercise 
The Mormon Bible; a fabrication and a stupendous fraud; its condemnation of polygamy, 
Studies in state taxation with particular reference to the Southern States, 
Plane trigonometry, 
Forget-me-nots, 
Index-digest and notes to all civil cases contained in the Texas reports [1840-1899] / 
Our children for Christ, 
Some aspects of the Philippine question, 
Historical encylopedia of Illinois / 
Law and practice in accident cases ... 
The real Kruger and the Transvaal; the Britons' side, the Boers' side, the historical facts. 
A handbook of the life of the apostle Paul : an outline for class room and private study 
How women may earn a living, 
The treatment of diseases of the nervous system; a manual for practitioners, 
The filtration of public water-supplies, 
Idyls of the lawn; 
The nature and work of plants; an introduction to the study of botany, 
Experiences of gold hunters in Alaska, 
Buying time : television advertising in the 1998 congressional elections / 
Moody's great sermons; twenty-four discourses, 
History of the Scandinavians and successful Scandinavians in the United States. 
The detective tales of Edgar Allan Poe; 
Trois contes de Nöel [par] Madame Georges Renard, 
Our mysterious passenger, 
A plan to raise capital for manufacturing; 
Invisible light; or, The electric theory of creation. 
Picture study in elementary schools, 
The science of higher prisms / 
The history of money in America, from the earliest times to the establishment of the Constitution, 
Letters and recollections of John Murray Forbes / 
Autobiography ; Poor Richard ; Letters / 
Outline of the antiseptic treatment of wounds; for veterinarians. 
The purity and destiny of modern spiritualism : light for the seeker, hope for the weary hearted / 
Simplified lessons in the science of being, 
The county palatine of Durham; a study in constitutional history. 
Madame Dreyfus : an appreciation / 
Outlines of the comparative physiology and morphology of animals, 
Best methods of teaching in country schools, 
A history of American privateers / 
Wayside trees. 
The first and second books of Ovid's Metamorphoses : with Ovid's autobiography / 
One year of Sunday school lessons for young children; a manual for teachers and parents ... 
The monuments and the Old Testament; evidence from ancient records, 
Runes of the red race 
Moods, and other verses / 
Love and Mr. Lewisham;the story of a very young couple, 
A handbook for farmers and dairymen. 
The great operas; 
The barnstormer's companion; being a little book of ballads designed for recitation, 
Toyon; a book of holiday recitations for the children of the school, the home, and the church. 
Moses Drury Hoge: life and letters. 
Rembrandt; a collection of fifteen pictures and a portrait of the painter, 
To have and to hold / 
Bird notes afield; a series of essays on the birds of California, 
Dyes, stains, inks, lacquers, varnishes and polishes, 
200 lessons outlined in U. S. history, geography, English grammar, arithmetic, and physiology, 
A manifest destiny, 
The man with the hoe, 
2000 IEEE Intelligent Network Workshop proceedings : 
American telephone practice, 
A manual of church history, 
In the green wood, 
What is liberalism? / 
Primary exercises in arithmetic. 
Mary Paget; a romance of old Bermuda, 
The mode of Christian baptism, 
The Second regiment of United States volunteer engineers; a history, 
The nervous system of the child, its growth and health in education, 
Answers of the ages 
New, old, and forgotten remedies. Papers by many writers. 
A biographical dictionary of musicians, 
Gleanings from nature, 
New footsteps in well-trodden ways. 
Plants; a text-book of botany, 
Sigwalt und Sigridh; eine nordische Erzählung (frei Erfunden) 
Minnesota pleading / 
History of English literature / 
Mind and body; hypnotism and suggestion applied in therapeutics and education, 
A practical treatise on diseases of the skin, for the use of students and practitioners, 
Sixty years in Concord and elsewhere. 
Chronicles of "The Little Sisters" / 
The fortunes of a little emigrant, 
Church troubles; their successful management and effectual settlement. 
The rise of the Dutch republic; a history, 
Dwight L. Moody; 
Nervous and mental diseases. A manual for students and practitioners. 
Grandma's stories and anecdotes of "ye olden times." Incidents of the War of Independence, etc. 
The philosophy of history, 
Shakespeare's Julius Caesar; 
Big people and little people of other lands / 
The teaching of elementary mathematics; 
The nerve of Foley, and other railroad stories, 
Two gentlemen in Touraine, 
A history of the Spanish-American war of 1898, 
Surgical pathology and therapeutics, 
The international text-book of surgery, 
L'anglais tel qu'on le parle; 
Nathan Hale : a play in four acts / 
Some rustic rhymes / 
A Hundred fables of La Fontaine, 
Old Norse stories / 
Britain and the Boers. 
Briton and Boer; both sides of the South African question. 
Puritan preaching in England; a study of past and present, 
Soul help, / 
The Prologue, the Knight's tale, and the Nun's priest's tale, from Chaucer's Canterbury tales; 
Orations and essays of Marcus Tullius Cicero, 
The silver buckle; a story of the revolutionary days, 
Orations of Demosthenes, 
Some old masters of Greek architecture, 
Monopolies and trusts; 
Easy lessons for the unfoldment and realization of psychometry, clairvoyance, and inspiration / 
Souvenir of Alaska and Yukon Territory / 
Manual of graded sight-singing melodies for blackboard use / 
The Anglo-Boer conflict; its history and causes, 
Salámán and Absál; an allegory 
The theory of electrolytic dissociation and some of its applications, 
Poems 
Selections from Lesage's Gil Blas, 
Modern fish culture in fresh and salt water, 
Merck's report ready-reference, 
The wager and other poems, 
By the marshes of Minas, 
The psychology of Froebel's play-gifts. 
John Ruskin; a sketch of his life, his work, and his opinions, with personal reminiscences, 
A manual of surgery, 
Charles Sumner, 
American public schools : history and pedagogics / 
Whist; American leads and their history; with a review of later innovations in the game, 
[Waiting for the Master : and other poems / 
Matthew, the genesis of the New Testament; its purpose, character, and method, 
Verses, 
Municipal government, as illustrated by the charter, finances and public charities of New York. 
Deacon Bradbury; a novel, 
Shaksper not Shakespeare, 
The talker; a practical guide to the use of correct English. 
Captain Dieppe, 
Kate Wetherill; an earth comedy, 
A history of the people of the United States, from the Revolution to the Civil War / 
Under the eagle's wing, 
Man and his ancestor; 
The rise of the New Testament, 
Pictures & poems, 
Outlines of plant life : with special reference to form and function / 
The kings' lyrics; lyrical poems of the reigns of King James I and King Charles I; 
Practical agitation / 
Wyandot folk-lore, 
Charlemagne (Charles the Great) the hero of two nations, 
Birds of Kansas, 
Sewerage. The designing, construction, and maintenance of sewerage systems. 
The essentials of French grammar, 
Mr. Trunnell, mate of the ship Pirate. 
Life of the Rev. Henry Harbaugh, D.D., 
The story of Robert Raikes for the young; 
The Custom house, and Main street, 
The treasures of the Metropolitan Museum of Art of New York, 
A bunch of pansies. : Pansies for thought. / 
Lessons in elementary physiology, 
Songs of the shining way / 
"Snowflakes" 
The absent-minded beggar / 
Contes bleus, 
The judges' cave; being a romance of the New Haven colony in the days of the regicides, 1661. 
The prelude and the play, 
Cycles [poems] 
The New Yorkers and other people, 
In laughland / 
The autobiography of a quack : and, The case of George Dedlow / 
A term of Ovid : ten stories from the Metamorphoses, for boys and girls / 
In the deep woods, 
Plantation sketches, 
Thy brother Leonidas, 
The farmstead; the making of the rural home and the lay-out of the farm, 
Interpretations of poetry and religion, 
Der tausendmarkschein und andere erzählungen, 
Biblical chronology from the Sacred Scriptures, by revelation to man ... 
Discoverers and explorers / 
In His steps; "What would Jesus do?" 
The room of the rose : and other stories  / 
Reminiscences of Morris Steinert / 
Word book of English spelling, oral and written / 
The poetical works of Alfred, lord Tennyson ... 
A manual of ancient history. 
The awakening (The resurrection), 
American commerce, its expansion. 
Providence in America; or, The problems of self-government, 
Saunterings. 
The theory and practice of taxation, 
Key to Wells's New higher algebra, 
Schluck und Jau; scherz- und schimpfspiel, 
The life of William H. Seward, 
The Christ of Cynewulf; a poem in three parts: The advent, The ascension, and The last judgment; 
Guide to practical meat inspection, including examination for trichina, 
How to do it; to which is added, How to live, 
A New England boyhood, and other bits of autobiography, 
Life and song : poems / 
Good form and Christian etiquette 
... Moliére's L'avare; 
The Phonograph and how to use it : 
The making of Iowa, 
Honoré de Balzac, 
Commentaries on the laws of England  / 
Patent law. English ruling cases; 
The Christian and civic economy of large towns, 
Joan of the Sword Hand / 
Smith college stories : ten stories / 
A treatise on the law of private corporations, 
Poor people; a novel, 
Pastorn, hans egenskaper och plikter. Af teol. d:r H. Harvey ... 
Readings in the law of real property; an elementary collection of authorities for students, 
With Omar, 
Illustrations of balance and rhythm for the use of students and teachers, 
The spinsters' convention (The original "Old maids' convention"); 
Die versunkene Glocke; 
The rationale of fire rates; a study of the personal influences affecting fire insurance cost, 
The Southampton insurrection, 
Dynamometers and the measurement of power: 
Anglo-Saxons & others, 
D. Dinkelspiel, his gonversationings, 
Boys and men; a story of life at Yale, 
Songs of sun and shadow, 
Complete poems of Col. John A. Joyce / 
Coontown's 400, 
Talks to probationers. 
The Klondike stampede, 
The search of Ceres, and other poems, 
The middle ages revisited; or, the Roman government and religion and their relations to Britain, 
A history of politics, 
Elements of clinical bacteriology for physicians and students, 
A guide to the trees. 
American architecture, interiors and furniture, during the latter part of the nineteenth century; 
One hundred quatrains from the Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám; a rendering in English verse 
Notes on the Bacon-Shakespeare question, 
Laundry manual, 
Elements of botany, 
A hostage of war / 
Freckles and tan; illustrated verse, 
Knights in fustian : a war time story of Indiana / 
The story of John Adams, a New England schoolmaster; 
White butterflies : and other stories / 
The queen's garden, 
The confessions of an English opium eater; being an extract from the life of a scholar 
Dryden's Palamon and Arcite; 
The Farringdons, 
The voice of the people, 
Marcelle of the quarter, 
Chopin; the man and his music / 
Hunnewell; chiefly six generations in Massachusetts, 
The beginning of the armadillos / 
On diabetes mellitus and glycosuria, 
The chronic loafer, 
A selection of cases on constitutional law. 
The making of character; some educational aspects of ethics, 
A history of Tennessee from 1663 to 1900, for use in schools, 
The bewitched fiddle, and other Irish tales / 
The action and the word : a novel of New York / 
Faith and sight; essays on the relation of agnosticism to theology. 
Chants for the Boer, 
Paradise lost, books I and II, 
The domestic blunders of women, by a mere man. 
Men with the bark on, 
Red blood and blue, 
Pauline Archer. 
Robert Tournay; a romance of the French revolution, 
America, and other poems / 
The taming of the shrew / 
A manual of operative surgery. 
The campaign of the jungle; or, Under Lawton through Luzon, 
The history of language, 
The garden of Eden, 
The biography of a grizzly : and 75 drawings / 
An elementary physics for secondary schools, 
The story of the Boers : narrated by their own leaders / 
The toiling of Felix, and other poems / 
Sophia; a romance, 
Salons colonial and republican, 
The likeness of the night; a modern play in four acts; 
The romance of Robert Burns. 
Crystal and crown. 
Aids to teachers of School chemistry. 
Woman and artist, 
A translation of Giovanni Boccaccio's life of Dante; 
Robert Louis Stevenson, 
Jack pots : stories of the great American game / 
A ridiculous courting, and other stories of French Canada; 
The forms of prose literature, 
Jettatura / 
An illustrated dictionary of medicine, biology and allied sciences. 
A Kent squire; being a record of certain adventures of Ambrose Gwynett, esquire of Thornhaugh, 
The economics of distribution, 
Mandalay / 
The son of the wolf : tales of the far North / 
The Holy Spirit in the Old Testament. A thesis. 
South Africa; its history, heroes and wars, 
A gallery of farmer girls, 
American inventions and inventors, 
The medical diseases of childhood, 
An unpardonable liar, 
The Sabbath transferred, 
Garthowen; a story of a Welsh homestead, 
Progressive exercises in Spanish prose composition, with notes and a vocabulary, 
A ten years' war : an account of the battle with the slum in New York / 
Asepsis; or, Surgical cleanliness, a manual for physicians, students and nurses, 
The study of breeds in America; cattle, sheep and swine, 
The prose of Edward Rowland Sill : 
Sailing alone around the world, 
Sunday afternoons for the children; a mother book, 
Old Madame, & other tragedies, 
Lessons in language and grammar / 
Ethiope lays. 
Total eclipses of the sun, 
José (novela de costumbres marítimas) 
Jack-o'-lantern / 
Manuel de l'amateur de la gravure sur bois et sur métal au XVe siècle, 
Behá ʾUʾlláh (the glory of God) / 
Gen. Albert Pike's poems. 
Platt's Pitmanic dictation book, with shorthand key; adapted to the beginner or advanced student. 
The technic of mechanical drafting : a practical guide to neat, correct, and legible drawing / 
The gas-engine handbook. A manual of useful information for the designer and engineer. 
Catalogue of E.L. Roberts & co., 
Paul and Virginia / 
Will B. More letters; 
A summer in England, with a continental supplement; 
When we dead awaken : a dramatic epilogue in 3 acts / 
The arts of life / 
The grip of honor; a story of Paul Jones and the American revolution, 
The story of the nineteenth century of the Christian era, 
The burden of Christopher / 
Out of the foam. 
The soul and the hammer : a tale of Paris / 
The strength of Gideon, and other stories, 
The Mississippi Valley in the Civil War, 
The heiress of Cronenstein. 
For the queen in South Africa, 
Traveling in the Holy Land through the stereoscope; 
A boy I knew : Four dogs, and Some more dogs / 
Three men on wheels / 
Rudyard Kipling : a criticism / 
Our presidents, and how we make them, 
Life sketches of Rev. Alfred Cookman. 
From Iowa to the Philippines; a history of company M, Fifty-first Iowa infantry volunteers. 
The true citizen : how to become one / 
The angel of clay, 
Towards Pretoria; a record of the war between Briton and Boer, to the relief of Kimberley; 
The conception of immortality, 
The library of historic characters and famous events of all nations and all ages, 
Home geography, and the earth as a whole, 
A banker of Bankersville : a novel / 
His three wives; or, The bar-sinister, a Mormon study, 
A short history of monks and monasteries, 
The Jimmyjohn boss, and other stories / 
Sonnets and madrigals of Michelangelo Buonarroti / 
A short history of the United States; for school use, 
Tale for Christmas : and other seasons / 
History of the Free Baptist woman's missionary society, 
A condensed history of modern times, 
The dread and fear of kings 
General introduction to the study of the Holy Scriptures, 
The parsonage porch; seven stories from a clergyman's note-book. 
The redemption of David Corson, 
Memoir of Hayward Augustus Harvey / 
The valley of the great shadow, 
Fundamental church principles, 
The new complete arithmetic : for high schools, academies, and normal schools / 
Songs and romances of Buffalo, 
The coming democracy, 
Empress Octavia; a romance of the reign of Nero; 
Jim Wardner, of Wardner, Idaho. 
The touchstone [a story] 
The West End; 
Il pesceballo, opera in one act; 
El gobierno municipal / 
Uncle Sam abroad. 
Hiwa; a tale of ancient Hawaii 
A Cumberland vendetta; a novel, 
Life in Japan, as seen through a missionary's spectacles in the twilight of the 19th century, 
The path of dreams; poems, 
The vicar of Wakefield; a tale, 
Politics and administration; a study in government, 
Chemistry and physics. A manual for students and practitioners. 
Temprano y con sol, y tres otros cuentos de la eminente escritora española, 
How to teach birds, 
Back to Christ : some modern forms of religious thought / 
Popular astronomy; being the New descriptive astronomy 
Tennyson's The princess / 
Uncle Si; a comedy in four acts; originally produced ... under the title of "Paradise regained." 
Facts, fads, and fancies about teeth, 
Ames on forgery; its detection and illustration, with numerous causes célèbres (illustrated) 
The booming of Acre Hill, and other reminiscences of urban and suburban life, 
English words as spoken and written, for primary grades: 
From door to door; a book of romances, fantasies, whimsies, and levities, 
The Bible and its interpreter. 
Introduction to chemical preparations : a guide in the practical teaching of inorganic chemistry / 
Garnered sheaves from harvest fields in Ohio, Kentucky, and West Virginia, 
Oliver Cromwell and the rule of the Puritans in England, 
The ballad of Manila Bay and other verses, 
The honor of the name; 
The widow Lerouge; 
Historical nuggets ... 
Bishop Pendle; or, The bishop's secret. 
Lessons in nature study, 
A Christian but a Roman, 
Musings on the way [poems] 
A new system of occult training : West Gate philosophy. Book I / 
The life of Dwight L. Moody, 
La petite Fadette, 
Macbeth, 
Merchant of Venice; 
The faith of the ages; a series of meditations devotional and practical on the Apostles's creed, 
Stories of the Badger State / 
Ebb-tide, and other stories. 
The law of guardians in Pennsylvania, 
A book of verses 
American law; a treatise on the jurisprudence, constitution, and laws of the United States, 
The Alabama arbitration, 
Songs of every day / 
The light of day; religious discussions and criticisms from the naturalist's point of view, 
Literary interpretation of life, 
The Isle of the Winds; an adventurous romance, 
Elements of ethics, 
Atlas and epitome of special pathologic histology, 
Silas Marner : the weaver of Raveloe, 
A dream of a throne; the story of a Mexican revolt, 
The life of St. Mary Magdalen De-Pazzi, Florentine noble, sacred Carmelite virgin, 
Stanford stories; tales of a young university, 
George Washington, 
The ophthalmic patient; a manual of therapeutics and nursing in eye disease, 
Western wanderings and summer saunterings through picturesque Colorado, 
Theatres; their safety from fire and panic, their comfort and healthfulness, 
Language reading lessons; being supplementary work in language for the grammar grades, 
Five books of song, 
Unleavened bread / 
The ways of men / 
Modern electric railway motors; 
Old Westmoreland : a history of western Pennsylvania during the Revolution / 
Makin' rhymes 
To pay the price. 
X-talks and other addresses, 
Jean François Millet; a collection of fifteen pictures and a portrait of the painter, 
Nature's calendar; a guide and record for outdoor observations in natural history, 
Widow Magoogin, 
Outline history of English and American literature. 
The baron's sons; a romance of the Hungarian revolution of 1848, 
Romeo und Julia auf dem Dorfe, 
The work of the Holy Spirit, 
Travels in England, 
An adaptation of Graham's standard phonography to the Spanish language; 
The Library of Congress, architecture and mural decorations; 
Marjorie's quest, 
Evangeline; a tale of Acadie, 
Critical and historical essays, 
Miscellanies, 
The law of arbitration and award / 
A popular history of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America, 
The steam-engine indicator. 
Lenore and I; a love story in verse, 
Sermons on the blessed sacrament, and especially for the forty  hours' adoration. 
The monk and the dancer, 
And the stars saw, 
England, 
The practice of palmistry for professional purposes, 
Twenty years a fakir, 
New American stenography: a system of shorthand writing adapted to self-instruction. 
The prince who did not exist / 
Congressman Hardie : a born democrat / 
At the court of the king; being romances of France, 
Bequeathed; a novel, 
The cell in development and inheritance, 
Essentials of medical and clinical chemistry. With laboratory exercises. 
Fruitfulness <Fécondité> 
The head of Pasht, 
Libro primero de lectura / 
Foreign missions of the Protestant churches, 
A treatise on the liquor laws of Pennsylvania, 
The man that corrupted Hadleyburg, and other stories and essays, 
Four-leaved clover : being Stanford rhymes / 
The Magna charta of the kingdom of God; plain studies in Our Lord's Sermon on the Mount. 
Catalogue of etchings and dry points by Rembrandt, 
Elissa; the doom of Zimbabwe. 
From sand hill to pine, 
A compact of the farm laws of Missouri, and miscellaneous matter, 
Ohio decisions digest. 
Phonography for schools and colleges; a course of lessons in the Benn Pitman system, 
Belgian hares and how to raise them. A practical treatise on the care and management of the hare. 
An outline of political growth in the nineteenth century, 
The knights of the cross, 
The crucifixion : a narrative of Jesus' last week on earth / 
Voices in the night; a chromatic fantasia, 
True to himself; or, Roger Strong's struggle for place ... 
Monsieur Beaucaire, 
A practical treatise on sexual disorders of the male and female. 
Mabel Lee. A novel. 
Hôtel de Rambouillet and the précieuses / 
Helen Keller souvenir, no. 2, 1892-1899. 
A manual of medicine, 
The reign of law; a tale of the Kentucky hemp fields, 
Besieged by the Boers; a diary of life and events in Kimberley during the siege, 
My own life; 
Forty years in the medical profession, 1858-1898, 
The practical hotel housekeeper / 
Diana Tempest; a novel, 
The elements of vocal harmony, 
The rime of the ancient mariner, 
Boy; a sketch, 
Ein kampf um Rom, 
Introduction to zoology; a guide to the study of animals, for the use of secondary schools; 
The point of contact in teaching, 
The Boston cooking-school cook book / 
The chronicles of Sir John Froissart condensed for young readers, 
Practical dialogues, drills, and exercises for all grades, 
Commerce, literature and art: a discourse 
The story of Captain Meriwether Lewis and Captain William Clark : for young readers / 
William Sterling Lacy: 
A book of verses, 
The storied West Indies, 
How to know the wild flowers: a guide to the names, haunts, and habits of our common wild-flowers, 
In the wake of war; a tale of the South under carpet-bagger administration, 
A practical handbook on Sunday-school work / 
America's story for America's children, 
China, the long-lived empire. 
Ivanhoe; a romance, 
The judgment of Peter and Paul on Olympus; a poem in prose, 
The life of Isaac Ingalls Stevens, 
Frau Sorge; 
Der meister von Palmyra; dramatische dichtung in fünf aufzügen, 
The heart's highway : a romance of Virginia in the seventeenth century / 
Harold Godwin. A social satire, 
Mexic drill and pantomime; a drill for twelve girls, 
In circling camps; a romance of the civil war, 
David and his friends; a series of revival sermons, 
Baptist, why and why not; 
Fractures, 
Nein, 
Recollections of a lifetime, 
The paradise of the Pacific: the Hawaiian Islands, 
Words that burn : a romance / 
A history of the German Baptist brethren in Europe and America. 
Revivals and missions, 
African nights entertainment, 
The image breakers / 
The Christ myth; 
Choosing a lifework / 
A pair of knaves and a few trumps. A novel. 
Lessons in language work for fifth and sixth grades, 
Anne Gilchrist and Walt Whitman, 
History of the Prudential Insurance Company of America (industrial insurance) 1875-1900, 
The early poems of Oliver Wendell Holmes; 
Civilization in the middle ages; with an introduction to the source study method. 
European travel for women; notes and suggestions, 
The chemistry of the metals. 
Scriptural holiness / 
Reminiscences of the life and work of Edward A. Lawrence, jr., 
Evangeline; a tale of Acadie, 
The song of Hiawatha, 
The early poems of James Russell Lowell, including the Biglow papers; 
Heaven's distant lamps; poems of comfort and hope. 
The elusive Hildegarde, 
Practical composition and rhetoric, 
Dwight L. Moodys lif / 
Studies in church history / 
Pope's Essay on man, and Essay on criticism; 
Problems of expansion, as considered in papers and addresses. 
A breaker of laws, 
Famous geometrical theorems and problems, with their history, 
Readings from California poets, 
Flowers in the pave. 
North America : with an especially full treatment of the United States and its dependencies / 
Resurrection. (The awakening.) 
A new pronouncing dictionary of the Spanish and English languages; 
Anatomy, physiology and hygiene, 
The banker and the bear : the story of a corner in lard / 
Concerning cats; my own and some others. 
Er ist nicht eifersüchtig; Lustspiel in einem Akt, 
The Monitor and the navy under steam, 
Child life in many lands; a third reader, 
Social studies in England. 
A short history of American literature : designed primarily for use in schools and colleges / 
Villette. 
A new library of poetry and song: 
Speech of Edmund Burke on conciliation with the colonies; 
London to Ladysmith via Pretoria, 
The farmer in politics and prosperity / 
Memory; an inductive study, 
Robert Orange; 
Concerning Isabel Carnaby, 
The philosophy of American history. 
Atlas and epitome of diseases caused by accidents, 
Auras and colors : an esoteric system of teaching concerning halos, aureolas, and the nimbus / 
A treatise on chattel mortgages for Iowa. 
Bride roses; a scene, 
Economic crises, 
Georgie, 
A discovered country. 
Winning out; a book for young people on character building by habit forming, 
The story of the Western Reserve of Connecticut, 
Comenius and the beginnings of educational reform, 
Mark Hanna's "moral cranks" and--others : a study of to-day / 
Spherical trigonometry, for colleges and secondary schools, 
Cuba libre; a story of the Hispano-American war, 
Making a life, 
Diseases of the eye / 
Catherine Owen's new cook book / 
Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyām, the astronomer-poet of Persia / 
A history of English literature / 
Joel Dorman Steele, teacher and author; 
Sunbeams ... humor, sarcasm and sense 
T. Macci Plavti Captivi; 
Echoes from shadow-land / 
A little Puritan's first Christmas / 
Ballads of American bravery / 
As you like it : a pleasant comedy / 
The young bandmaster; or, Concert stage and battlefield, 
Untrodden fields; or, Absolute motion, and its application to celestial and terrestrial physics, 
Room forty-five : a farce / 
Dido, an epic tragedy; a dramatization from the Æneid of Vergil; 
Promenade of the Broadway belles; a drill for twelve girls, 
A debt of honor : the story of Gerald Lane's success in the far West / 
Lessons in botany. 
Pine Knot; a story of Kentucky life, 
How it happened; being a story in three books and several manners, 
Perfection in baking. 
Primary arithmetic, mental and written; new series. 
The problem of final destiny, studied in the light of revised theological statement, 
Tales from Tokio / 
A modern English grammar, 
Greeting to America; reminiscences and impressions of my travels, kindergarten suggestions, 
Smiles yoked with sighs, 
Comrades true, 
Monsieur de Camors; 
Index in Xenophontis Memorabilia, 
The Biblical theology of the New Testament, 
A book of poems, 
The web of life / 
Grammar school arithmetic, 
The ministerial directory of the Baptist churches in the United States of America ... 
A maid of the first century : a story for girls / 
Lyrics, 
The Oregon trail: sketches of prairie and Rocky-Mountain life. 
Rand, McNally & Co.'s handy guide to Philadelphia and environs, 
Le verre d'eau; ou, Les effets et les causes, 
The comedy of The tempest, 
The esoteric art of living / 
Religious movements for social betterment, 
The tenure of Catholic Church property in the United States of America / 
Pillars of orthodoxy; or, Defenders of the faith. 
Historic Duxbury in Plymouth county, Massachusetts, 
Conciliation with the American colonies; 
Lynchburg and its people. 
The heresy of Parson Medlicott, 
Cancer of the uterus; its pathology, symptomatology, diagnosis, and treatment; 
The problem of duty; a study of the philosophy of conduct, 
Almost as good as a boy. 
Red Jacket, the last of the Senecas; 
Anatomy, physiology and hygiene for high schools / 
On the Kentucky frontier; a story of the fighting pioneers of the West, 
Books that nourish us, 
The story of Andersonville and Florence, 
The jay-hawkers; a story of free soil and border ruffian days, 
Offical illustrated catalogue, fine arts exhibit. 
Life of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, 
First principles, 
Charles Sumner; his complete works, 
God's covenant with animals : a biblical basis for the humane treatment of all creatures / 
The poetry of the Psalms, for readers of the English Bible; 
Studies in Old Testament characters, 
L'Aiglon; drame en six actes en vers, 
A difference in clocks; a sketch in one scene, 
The Dabney will 
Bible characters  / 
Man and the spiritual world : as disclosed by the Bible / 
School arithmetic; advanced book. 
School arithmetic : primary book / 
Regeneration : being pt. II of the temple of the rosy cross / 
Foster's First book of practice at common law, in equity and under the codes. With forms. 
A Georgian actress, 
Poems, 
The trust problem 
The Republican party: its history, principles and policies. 
Armageddon / 
The adventures of the Pixies and Elaines, 
The universe in brief, as I understand it : with a description of earth and development of man / 
The earth stands fast: 
The practical hotel steward, 
The wild animal play for children, with alternate reading for very young children. 
A week on the Concord and Merrimack rivers / 
Battles and biographies of Missourians, or, The Civil War period of our state / 
Stories from the Arabian nights, 
Eben Holden; a tale of the north country, 
Kings in exile. 
Numa Roumestan, 
A royal enchantress; the romance of the last queen of the Berbers. 
German lyrics and ballads, with a few epigrammatic poems, 
Holiness triumphant ; 
Ada Vernham, actress; 
Rome : its rise and fall ; a text-book for high schools and colleges, 
Collected poems. 
Venus McFarland; a novel, 
The cruise of the Pretty Polly; a voyage of incident, 
The  salt-box house; eighteenth century life in a New England hill town, 
Good tidings, 
Leaves of grass, 
Spiritual lessons from the Brownings / 
Uropoietic diseases, 
The little earl / 
My good poems, 
The oil-chemists' handbook. 
The Middle five : Indian boys at school / 
Reveries of a bachelor; or, A book of the heart, 
Hannah More, 
Joan of Arc, the maid of Orleans. From Mitchelet's History of France. 
The circular study / 
Paul Vernon, prisoner. 
Meditations of Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 
A practical treatise on the law of replevin as administered by the courts of the United States ... 
The Crisis in China, 
Higher algebra, 
Songs of St. Matthew; a metrical paraphrase of his gospel, 
Essays in astronomy, 
Municipalities vs. private corporations. 
Great plays (English) 
The history of the passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ. 
A brief course in general physics, experimental and applied / 
The effects of a magnetic field on radiation; memoirs by Faraday, Kerr, and Zeeman. 
Christ, the man God, our redeemer. 
The mound by the way / 
Dix contes modernes des meilleurs auteurs du jour, 
The Great salt lake, present and past. 
The house-boat on the St. Lawrence. by Everett T. Tomlinson ... 
Confusion; an entirely new and original farcical comedy in three acts, 
An Indian giver; a comedy 
The smoking car; a farce, 
The boat club; or, The Bunkers of Rippleton; a tale for boys, 
Now or never; or, The adventures of Bobby Bright, 
Ups and downs of an army officer, 
The young man in business, 
Natural law in the spiritual world, 
New Testament theology, 
Business law for business men and students / 
A handbook of photography in colors ... 
The gateless barrier 
Physical culture / 
Evangeline; a tale of Acadia, 
Poems, 
Lucile, 
A collection of jewels / 
Questions on Shakespeare. 
Sons of the morning, 
"Smiles"; a book of recitations for girls, 
The crown of wild olive; four lectures on work, traffic, war, and the future of England, 
Lady of the lake / 
Romeo and Juliet / 
Doris and her dog Rodney, 
Protection and progress; a study of the economic bases of the American protective system, 
Rollo in Rome / 
All aboard; or, Life on the lake. A sequel to "The boat club," 
Flower fables, 
Life of a pioneer / 
Guide to historic Plymouth; 
Heroes and hero worship / 
Sartor resartus, 
The master-Christian; a question of the time, 
Essays, 
Patriotism : an oration delivered before the Phi Beta Kappa of Harvard College, 28 June, 1900 / 
Our soldier boy, 
From India to the planet Mars : a study of a case of somnambulism with glossolalia / 
One hundred years of medicine and surgery in Missouri; 
Grimm's fairy stories : supplementary to first reader / 
Mosses from an old manse, 
Twice-told tales / 
The story of Dago, 
Elements of spoken French, 
A history of England, for the use of schools and academies, 
A private chivalry : a novel / 
A general physiology for high schools : based upon the nervous system / 
Sisters three, 
The Seventieth Indiana volunteer infantry in the war of the rebellion, 
Victorious Democracy; embracing life and patriotic services of Hon. William J. Bryan. 
American telephone practice, 
Art history in the high school / 
The Charmides, Laches, and Lysis of Plato; 
Historical sketches and reminiscences of an octogenarian. 
Fifer-boy of the Boston siege, 
Elementary English composition / 
Marmion / 
Songs from Dixie land, 
The poems of Robert Louis Stevenson, 
A selection of cases on evidence at the common law. 
Poems, 
Until the day break; a novel, 
A treatise on mental diseases, 
A systematic, alphabetic repertory of homoeopathic remedies, 
Life of Major-General James Shields, hero of three wars and senator from three states. 
You and your doctor. How to prolong life; a practical book on health and the care of it. 
An outline of New Testament theology, 
The twentieth century telegraph cipher code, 
The girl at the Halfway house: a story of the plains, 
Little journeys to the homes of American statesmen, 
Departmental ditties, 
The light that failed, 
Mine own people / 
The phantom rickshaw / 
Plain tales from the hills / 
Poems, ballads and other verses / 
Soldiers three / 
The story of the Gadsbys ; In black and white / 
Under the deodars / 
Wee Willie Winkie. The city of dreadful night. American notes / 
The romance of Gilbert Holmes; an historical novel, 
Lalla Rookh; 
Illustrative cases in contracts. 
Sesame and lilies; three lectures, 
In the land of the columbine / 
In memoriam, The lover's tale, and other poems, 
Locksley hall; Day dream, and other poems, 
Roman life under the Caesars, 
Heroines of the Bible in art, 
China's open door; a sketch of Chinese life and history, 
Sir Roger de Coverley / 
Out for business, or, Robert Frost's strange career / 
Essays in colonial finance, 
A Georgian bungalow, 
Short story writing; a practical treatise on the art of the short story, 
The essentials of language and grammar, 
New ideas for American boys; the Jack of all trades, 
The fourth generation, 
Theodore Parker, preacher and reformer, 
Chardenal's French exercises for advanced pupils; 
The complete works of Geoffrey Chaucer; 
The story of the alphabet, 
The Princess Ahmedée ; a romance of Heidelberg, 
A tar of the old school. 
Counsel upon the reading of books / 
Little Sunshine's holiday, a picture from life 
Wounds in the rain; war stories, 
A tale of two cities, 
Discovery of anesthesia by Dr. Horace Wells. 
A little girl in old Washington. 
Men of Marlowe's, 
In the desert, 
Sam Houston, 
Friendship and Love. 
The Medea of Euripides, 
A practical treatise on artificial crown-, and bridge- work, and porcelain dental art, 
A text-book of the diseases of women / 
Clare Duval; a novel, 
The black gown, 
Quisanté : a novel / 
Elements of physics, 
Out with Garibaldi; a story of the liberation of Italy 
Maranatha: and other poems. 
The Howells story book; 
The Bennett twins, 
Napoleon III at the height of his power, 
Of the imitation of Christ, four books, 
Along French byways, 
Animal life; a first book of zoölogy; 
The strength of being clean; a study of the quest for unearned happiness. A Red cross address, 
The armed ship America; or, When we sailed from Salem, 
Plain tales from the hills, 
Meditations of the heart : a book of private devotion for old and young / 
The beginnings of English literature, 
The essentials of the English sentence, 
True bear stories, 
Nude souls; a novel, 
Richelieu and the growth of French power, 
Uncanonized; a romance of English monachism, 
Christianity in the apostolic age, 
Later love letters of a musician / 
Oliver Cromwell, 
Elements of physics, 
History of the 115th Regiment, Illinois Volunteer Infantry, 
Ivanhoe; a romance, 
The book of legends told over again, 
Over grass-grown trails. 
Cithara mea : poems / 
Whither / 
Story-tell Lib; 
A history of Hickman County, Tennessee; 
The hosts of the Lord, 
The fortune of a day, 
Virginibus puerisque / 
Afield and afloat. 
Ned, the son of Webb : what he did / 
The cardinal's rose; a novel, 
In the days of Alfred the Great, 
The English humourists of the eighteenth century / 
Refraction and how to refract : 
A prisoner in buff, 
Scouting for Washington; a story of the days of Sumter and Tarleton, 
Selected letters of Voltaire; 
Sigurd Eckdal's bride; a romance of the far North, 
Studies of animal life : a series of laboratory exercises for the use of high schools, 
Leaves of grass. 
Through the year with birds and poets [poems]; 
From the land of the shamrock, 
China against the world; 
China, the land of contradictions, 
An American text-book of physiology, 
Constitution and admission of Iowa into the Union / 
Bible school pedagogy; outlines for normal classes, 
The therapeutical applications of hydrozone and glycozone, 
The infidel; a romance, 
The spirit of the laws / 
Thoughts on social problems ; and Scripture readings in verse. / 
Poems from Shelley and Keats, 
Poems, 
Elements of algebra, 
Manual of instruction from Underwood & Underwood ... 
Complete trigonometry 
Plane trigonometry with four-place tables; being chapters I-VIII of a complete trigonometry, 
John Gibson of Cambridge, Massachusetts, and his descendants, 1634-1899. 
A scratch race; a comedy in one act, 
Sunbonnets; a farce-comedy in two acts, 
James Lyne's survey, or, as it is more commonly known, the Bradford map; 
Beadle's dime American speaker, 
The Dime ludicrous speaker; 
The law of bills, notes, and cheques / 
Hard-pan; a story of bonanza fortunes, 
Paul Jones, founder of the American Navy; a history. 
Introduction to the study of economics, 
Clearing-houses; their history, methods and administration, 
St. John Chrysostom : defence of Eutropius. 
Choice recipes, 
Fortuna y otros cuentos, 
A treatise on the law of roads and streets, 
The history of Little Goody Two-Shoes, otherwise called Mrs. Margery Two-Shoes ... 
The brass bottle / 
Shadowings. 
First aid to the young housekeeper, 
The penitentes of San Rafael; a tale of the San Luis Valley, 
Laird & Lee's vest-pocket standard English-Spanish, Spanish-English dictionary 
Macaulay's essay on Warren Hastings, 
The path of gold. / 
The bread line; a story of a paper, 
The Dutchman's fireside, 
Studies of plant life; a series of exercises for the study of plants, 
Fifty photographic views of the steamers of the Fall River Line; 
The historical development of school readers and of method in teaching reading / 
Harlequinade. 
The inalienable rights of man. 
The private memoirs of Madame Roland / 
The strenuous life; essays and addresses, 
Steps to oratory; a school speaker, 
Expansion under new world-conditions; 
My winter garden; a nature-lover under southern skies, 
College administration, 
America's economic supremacy / 
In the midst of alarms; 
Tommy and Grizel / 
Pippa passes / 
North Carolina sketches; 
The Rhodesians; 
Onesimus: Christ's freedman; a tale of the Pauline Epistles, 
Pictoris carmina, 
John Drew. 
Education and the philosophical ideal, 
Le comte de Monte-Cristo / 
Down south; 
Electro-therapeutics and X-rays. 
Patriotic eloquence relating to the Spanish-American war and its issues, 
Studies and appreciations / 
Jewish laws and customs : some of the laws and usages of the children of the Ghetto / 
Pathology and morbid anatomy. 
Heroes of our revolution, 
Victorious Republicanism and lives of the standard-bearers, McKinley and Roosevelt. 
Northern Georgia sketches, 
The trophies : sonnets / 
Play guide. 
The Prince of the house of David. 
Fortune's boats / 
Obstetric clinic. 
The courtship of Miles Standish, and other poems; 
Vision of Sir Launfal. 
Original rum convention / 
Morning echoes / 
Under the Great Bear, 
Elements of astronomy, 
Deutsche gaben. 
Rosen im schnee. Ein deutsch-amerikanishces weihnachtsspeil in vier bildern, 
Introduction to materia medica and prescription writing, 
Quincy Adams Sawyer and Mason's corner folks; a novel; a picture of New England home life, 
My sister Henrietta / 
An album of negro educators. 
The isle of unrest, 
Pen pictures. 
A midsummer-night's dream, 
The law of mortgage foreclosure for Illinois, 
The young and old Puritans of Hatfield / 
A text-book of pathology, 
Patroon van Volkenberg a tale of old Manhattan in the year sixteen hundred & ninety-nine, 
An object of pity, or, The man Haggard / 
Tacitus De vita et moribus Julii Agricolae et De Germania. Tacitus, Agricola and Germania; 
The girl and the governor / 
Chloris of the island; a novel. 
Ednah and her brothers / 
Notes of an itinerant policeman, 
A selection of cases on the law of insurance, 
The candy country / 
The discovery of induced electric currents. 
Gossip about book collecting, 
School gymnastics with light apparatus, 
A selection of cases on the conflict of laws. 
Lorna Doone, a romance of Exmoor, 
The progress of invention in the nineteenth century, 
Consequences ; a novel, 
Outlines of general history / 
A catalogue for advanced collectors of postage stamps, stamped envelopes and wrappers; 
Synthetic arithmetic ... 
Do the dead return? : 
The world of the great forest; how animals, birds, reptiles, insects talk, think, work, and live, 
An exposition of the principles of estoppel by misrepresentation, 
Mary's meadow, 
The autobiography of a tomboy, 
Jack among the Indians; or, A boy's summer on the Buffalo plains, 
Tongues of conscience; 
The sleepy king; a fairy tale 
The weird Orient; nine mystic tales, 
Principles and practice of filling teeth. 
Little lords of creation, 
With hoops of steel, 
Fruit from the garden of spices, together with Rescued from a miner's grave. 
King Stork of the Netherlands; a romance of the early days of the Dutch republic, 
The worldlings, 
The fields of dawn and later sonnets / 
Cunning Murrell, 
Jessie's neighbor / 
Outline studies in history of education / 
The old gentleman of the black stock / 
The loom of life, and If Christ were a guest in our home / 
Goat Island. 
The fugitives [a novel] 
The knights of the cross. An historical romance. 
A handbook for the teaching of vocal music in the schools; based on The modern music series; 
Methods for the examination of milk; for chemists, physicians and hygienists, 
A Christmas sermon / 
Prima donnas and soubrettes of light opera and musical comedy in America / 
Roger Ludlow, the colonial lawmaker, 
The modern Sunday school / 
Paper on the irrigation laws and decisions of California. 
The sweet girl-graduate. Humorous monologue for a lady. 
The Sir Roger de Coverley papers, from the Spectator; 
In hostile red; a romance of the Monmouth campaign. 
Fairy tales and stories, 
The daughter of a Republican, 
Power for witnessing, 
John Wesley, 
Suggestion instead of medicine; 
The fall of Utopia. 
The world's best essays, from the earliest period to the present time; 
In the Limestone valley : pen pictures of early days in western Wisconsin / 
Friend or foe; a tale of Connecticut during the war of 1812, 
Ian Hamilton's march, 
Among the mushrooms; a guide for beginners, 
Noble womanhood. 
Beckonings from little hands; eight studies in child-life. 
Registering titles to land. A series of lectures delivered at Yale, 
An elementary experimental chemistry, 
The story of a short life, 
The eagle's heart, 
The days of Abd-el-Kader; a tale of Algeria. 
The head of a hundred in the colony of Virginia, 1622, 
A history of political parties in the United States, 
A princess of Arcady, 
The peace conference at The Hague, and its bearings on international law and policy, 
The autocrat of the breakfast-table, 
The Union League Club; historical and biographical, 1863-1900. 
Hudson's dictionary of Minneapolis and vicinity. 
The structure of the English sentence, 
Dr. North and his friends, 
Oliver Cromwell, 
The road to nowhere. A story for children, 
Life and adventures of Buckskin Sam. (Samuel H. Noble.) 
The Old Testament for learners, 
Phebe, her profession; a sequel to Teddy: her book, 
The mystic self : uncommon sense versus common sense / 
L'Aiglon; a play in six acts, 
Social tragedies and other poems / 
Through the Yukon gold diggings; a narrative of personal travel, 
Government in Switzerland, 
Herbert Spencer and his critics. 
The other man's country; an appeal to conscience, 
The life of Christ; a poem, 
Adam Duncan, 
The children's Shakespeare, 
Devil tales, 
The doings of a dear little couple, 
Andrew Jackson, 
The unaccountable man, 
Our nation's need; or, Let us all divide up and start even. 
In the palace of the king; a love story of old Madrid, 
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner, 
Two new dog stories and another, 
Charles Dickens' children stories, 
Nature's garden; an aid to knowledge of our wild flowers and their insect visitors; 
Old landmarks and historic personages of Boston, 
Madame Thérèse, 
Golf donts; admonitions that will help the novice to play well and scratch men to play better, 
Mr. N.C. Goodwin & Miss Maxine Elliott : souvenir / 
The literature of all nations and all ages; history, character, and incident, 
The real Chinese question, 
...Sir Joshua Reynolds; a collection of fifteen pictures and a portrait of the painter, 
Source-book of English history, for the use of schools and readers, 
The grey fairy book, 
Newest England; notes of a democratic traveller in New Zealand, with some Australian comparisons, 
A trustee's handbook. 
Plane and spherical trigonometry, 
Put up thy sword; a study of war, 
Ideal drills; a collection of entirely new and original drills, marches, and motion songs, 
Russia and the Russians / 
Springtime flowers; 
Tattine, 
Outlines of anatomy; a guide to the dissection of the human body; 
The Christmas angel; 
Visiting the sin; a tale of mountain life in Kentucky and Tennessee, 
Twelve great actresses. 
Honor bright; 
Things a boy should know about electricity, 
The moon metal, 
The lady of dreams, 
A Christmas fairy, 
A bicycle of Cathay; a novel, 
Tacitus De vita et moribus Iulii Agricolae; 
Wit and wisdom of the Talmud; 
The cobbler of Nîmes, 
Dr. Dale; a story without a moral, 
Kelea: the surf-rider, a romance of pagan Hawaii, 
Free-hand perspective. For use in manual-training schools and colleges. 
The dream fox story book, 
She stoops to conquer. 
More fables, 
The progressive course in reading. First[-fifth] book... 
Among the birds; 
An introduction to the New Testament / 
The romance of l'Aiglon, 
A dictionary of medical science ... 
The life of Henry George, 
Idyls of El Dorado / 
Wilderness ways; 
The church of Christ the same forever, 
Selections from the Latin fathers, 
Elements of American jurisprudence / 
Wrested scriptures made plain, 
Wonders of nature, as seen and described by famous writers. 
A school chemistry; intended for use in high schools and in elementary classes in colleges, 
Eleanor; a novel. 
Paris, 
The essays of Francis Bacon; 
The people's Bible encyclopedia: biographical, geographical, historical, and doctrinal; 
Arden Massiter 
Elements of English grammar, 
The complete works of Elizabeth Barrett Browning, 
Syntax of the moods and tenses in New Testament Greek 
The Rossettis: Dante Gabriel and Christina; 
Tom Clingstone's letters to the editor, 
The way of the world and other ways; a story of our set, 
The rulers of the South : Sicily, Calabria, Malta / 
The Stickit minister's wooing, 
Hugh Darnaby; a story of Kentucky, 
With both armies in South Africa, 
The cricket on the hearth / 
Exposition universelle, 1900 ; The chefs-d'œuvre : 
Yesterdays with authors, 
His first and last appearance, 
The prodigal, 
Mooswa & others of the boundaries, 
The works of Oliver Goldsmith, 
Sons of the covenant; a tale of London Jewry, 
Mother Nature's children, 
A text-book on practical obstetrics / 
Creeds and religious beliefs as they appear to a plain business man; 
The heart of David, the psalmist-king 
Reform or revolution? / 
Life and letters of Thomas Henry Huxley / 
A captive of war, 
A little tour in France / 
The Little Colonel's house party, 
The chevalier de St. Denis, 
Eothen, 
Stringtown on the pike : a tale of northernmost Kentucky / 
William Shakespeare : poet, dramatist, and man / 
The man with the hoe, and other poems, 
Germanic dialects / 
Christianity supernatural : a brief essay on Christian evidence / 
The life and works of Jesus, according to St. Mark, 
The Meloon farm; a novel, 
The outbreak in China; its causes, 
The word and its inspiration ... 
Home-folks / 
The heart of the ancient wood, 
Napoleon, the last phase; 
A treatise on the law of wills. 
The house of Egremont; a novel, 
Love among the artists, 
Systematic methodology, designed to rationalize and harmonize teaching processes; 
I go a-marketing; 
Glimpses of three nations, 
A woman tenderfoot / 
Housing conditions and tenement laws in leading American cities. 
Tenement house legislation in New York, 1852-1900. 
Short rails, 
In Cupid's court / 
The doctrines of grace; 
David Harum; a story of American life, 
Quicksand, 
Paris of to-day, 
Selections from the Bible, for use in schools. 
War and policy; essays 
The powers that prey / 
The story of nineteenth-century science, 
Studies of American Fungi. Mushrooms, edible, poisonous, etc. 
Eye, ear, nose, and throat. A manual for students and practitioners. 
A catechism on the combustion of coal and the prevention of smoke; a practical treatise, 
Evolution of the thermometer, 1592-1743. 
Anneke; a little dame of New Netherlands, 
America, picturesque and descriptive, 
History of America before Columbus, according to documents and approved authors, 
Henry Fielding; memoir, 
Pandita Ramabai: the story of her life, 
The women of the American Revolution / 
The Pilgrim shore, 
The vicar of Wakefield; a tale, 
Vesty of the Basins; a novel, 
The king on his throne; or, Power of will through direct mental culture. 
Calculus, with applications; an introduction to the mathematical treatment of science, 
Literary friends and acquaintance : a personal retrospect of American authorship / 
"Marr'd in making" / 
A treatise upon the law and practice of taxation in Missouri. 
Ray's daughter : a story of Manila / 
Exposition of common law and equity pleading. An historical comparisond with the code. 
Sleeping beauty, and other prose fancies, 
Olde love and lavender & other verses, 
The problem of Asia and its effect upon international policies, 
A church history of the first seven centuries : to the close of the sixth General Council / 
Lucid intervals, 
The great in music : a systematic course of study in the music of classical and modern composers / 
The conscience of Coralie, 
Wasps and their ways, 
The history of colonization from the earliest times to the present day. 
The queen versus Billy, and other stories, 
The Darlingtons, 
Among the great masters of literature; scenes in the lives of great authors. 
Thinking and learning to think, 
Experiments arranged for students in general chemistry, 
The Roggie and Reggie stories, 
Tuskegee; its story and its work, 
History of the Augusta church, from 1737 to 1900. 
Songs of the old South : verses and drawings / 
Idle idyls, 
Forms of pleading under the codes of civil procedure, 
Literary rambles at home and abroad, 
Women of the Bible / 
Mille Lac. 
The book of saints and friendly beasts, 
A study of English and American poets; a laboratory method, 
Easy German selections for sight translation, 
Reason and faith, 
Wanted--a match maker / 
From error's chains; or, The story of the religious struggles of an accomplished young lady. 
Palestine: the Holy Land as it was and as it is, 
Infinitesimals and limits. 
The churchman's ready reference, 
The gentle boy and other tales, 
The day of wrath, 
Religion a rational demand / 
The awakening of the East; Siberia - Japan - China, 
Stage lights; Will Shakespeare and Bill Idle at the show, 
Thomas Henry Huxley; a sketch of his life and work, 
New manual of the Sacred Heart : 
With Washington in Braddock's campaign, 
History of Westchester County, New York, from its earliest settlement to the year 1900. 
The story of Georgia and the Georgia people, 1732 to 1860. 
Life of Mrs. Booth, the founder of the Salvation army, 
Odd bits of travel with brush and camera, 
Books for New Testament study, popular and professional; recommended by the Council of seventy, 
Eleanor; a novel, 
History of the United States of America / 
Henry Dexter, sculptor; a memorial, 
Marie Antoinette and the diamond necklace from another point of view. 
Aunt Jo's scrap-bag / 
Alexander's Hebrew ritual, 
A system of human anatomy, including its medical and surgical relations. 
Corporations and public welfare : 
The Tyng case : 
The devotions of Bishop Andrewes. 
Ninety-six sermons, 
Responsio ad Apologiam Cardinalis Bellarmini. 
Selections from the Greek anthology. 
The history of Liddesdale, Eskdale, Ewesdale, Wauchopedale and the debateable land, 
Michel de L'Hospital; being the Lothian prize essay, 1899, 
Northanger Abbey: and Persuasion. 
Northanger abbey. 
Northanger abbey, 
Persuasion, 
Pride and prejudice, 
Pride and prejudice, and Northanger Abbey. 
Yorkshire. The history of Roche abbey, from its foundation to its dissolution, 
Cromwell as a soldier / 
School gymnastics, free hand : a system of physical exercises for schools / 
Margaret Ogilvy / 
The works of the learned Isaac Barrow ... 
The theological works of Isaac Barrow. 
Egypt and the great Suez canal. A narrative of travels. 
In Beautiful Japan; a story of bamboo lands, 
Descendants of William Low, of Boston, Massachusetts / 
The conspiracy trials of 1826 and 1827 : a chapter to the life of Jacob Barker / 
Behind the Great wall; the story of the C. E. Z. M. S. work and workers in China ... 
Behind the pardah; the story of C.E.Z.M.S. work in India 
Tiw; or, A view of the roots and stems of the English as a Teutonic tongue. 
A mésalliance in the house of Brunswick; 
Hunting, 
Some memories of books, authors, and events, 
Select fables : with cuts / 
A catholike exposition vpon the Reuelation of Sainct Iohn / 
Japan as we saw it, 
Lectures on rhetoric and belles lettres / 
Lectures on rhetoric and belles lettres. 
The works of William Blake, poetic, symbolic, and critical / 
Selections from various Greek authors for the first year in college; 
Logic; or, The morphology of knowledge. 
A short history of China : an account for the general reader of an ancient empire and people / 
Bibliography of clays and the ceramic arts / 
Analytical catalogue of works and scientific articles 
Catalogue of Arabic glass weights in the British museum. 
A catalogue of English coins in the British museum. Anglo-Saxon series ... 
Catalogue of Greek coins. Macedonia, etc. 
Catalogue of the Greek coins of Galatia, Cappadocia, and Syria. 
Peter the Great, 
Signal processing advances in wireless and mobile communications / 
Principles of fluid mechanics / 
Digital communications : fundamentals and applications / 
Coaching your kids in the game of life / 
Audacious reforms : institutional invention and democracy in Latin America / 
What you really need to know about moles and melanoma / 
Treasure Hill : portrait of a silver mining camp / 
Great house communities across the Chacoan landscape / 
Tunneling earthworms / 
Ten terrific authors for teens / 
Ecological indicators for the nation / 
First day to final grade : a graduate student's guide to teaching / 
Key concepts in the practice of Sufism  / 
Competitive environmental strategy : a guide to the changing business landscape / 
Brand asset management : driving profitable growth through your brands / 
Music business handbook and career guide / 
The Bill Monroe reader / 
Multiculturalism in the United States : current issues, contemporary voices / 
Buddha nature : the Mahayana Uttaratantra shastra / 
Celebrating sacraments / 
Masculinities, gender relations, and sport / 
Hillary to the rescue / 
Divine and human, and other stories / 
Nothing scares us / 
Beauty and the beast / 
Theremin : ether music and espionage / 
The American college in the nineteenth century / 
Madame Nelson's French verb book with all the answers / 
Horses / 
Lung cancer : a guide to diagnosis and treatment / 
Kweisi Mfume : congressman and NAACP leader / 
Behind the Iron Curtain : recollections of Latter-Day Saints in East Germany, 1945-1989 / 
Modernism-dada-postmodernism / 
Zarzuela : Spanish operetta, American stage / 
Gender and power in Prehispanic Mesoamerica / 
Indonesia / 
The ends of globalization / 
A poverty of imagination : bootstrap capitalism, sequel to welfare reform / 
Crime / 
Aging : concepts and controversies / 
The language of deception : a discourse analytical study / 
Focus groups : a practical guide for applied research / 
Effectively managing human service organizations / 
Building intranets with Lotus Notes and Domino 5.0 / 
Exploring IBM technology, products & services / 
Promoting your school : going beyond PR / 
Badger and Coyote were neighbors : Melville Jacobs on Northwest Indian myths and tales / 
Writer's guide to nursing periodicals / 
The chief justiceship of Warren Burger, 1969-1986 / 
Africa / 
The ABCs of XML : the librarian's guide to the extensible markup language / 
Issues in racism / 
Native Americans of the Northwest Coast / 
The literature of roguery in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century Russia / 
Emphatics / 
Life on Alcatraz / 
Love and scorn : new and selected poems / 
Lili / 
Ethical dilemmas : a values guide for medical students / 
Logistic regression : a primer / 
The path to organizational skepticism / 
Witches / 
Doing discourse analysis : methods for studying action in talk and text / 
Voices of a new Chicana/o history / 
Euthanasia / 
Copying machines : taking notes for the automaton / 
Nationalists, cosmopolitans, and popular music in Zimbabwe / 
Separate spheres no more : gender convergence in American literature, 1830-1930 / 
Visible nations : Latin American cinema and video / 
Creating costumes / 
Creating with papier-mâché / 
Thomas A. Edison : the world's greatest inventor / 
Chicano renaissance : contemporary cultural trends / 
The handbook of social work direct practice / 
Clinical clerkships : the heart of professional development / 
Entrepreneurship as strategy : competing on the entrepreneurial edge / 
Rethinking organizational & managerial communication from feminist perspectives / 
Behind painted walls : incidents in Southwestern archaeology / 
Malkin / 
Cormac McCarthy's western novels / 
Creation & the environment : an Anabaptist perspective on a sustainable world / 
Prayer ideas for ministry with young teens / 
The Pentagon Papers : national security versus the public's right to know / 
The career advancement portfolio / 
101 innovative ideas for creative kids / 
The principal's guide to raising mathematics achievement / 
Intimate relationships in medical school : how to make them work / 
Fables from Aesop / 
Jesus : a psychological biography / 
Remember the ladies : a story about Abigail Adams / 
Everybody serves soup / 
Be quiet, Parrot! / 
Innovations in international and cross-cultural management / 
Ball games : soccer, table tennis, handball, hockey, badminton, and lots, lots more / 
Athletics, field : pole vault, long jump, hammer, javelin, and lots, lots more / 
Swimming : sprints, medleys, diving, water polo, and lots, lots more / 
Seven spools of thread : a Kwanzaa story / 
Follow the dream / 
Inquiry and the National Science Education Standards : a guide for teaching and learning / 
Handbook of qualitative research / 
Eyes / 
Ears / 
Living in absolute freedom / 
Servant to the slaves : the story of Henriette Delille / 
The garden lover's guide to the West / 
Sites of memory : perspectives on architecture and race / 
The epidemic of rape and child sexual abuse in the United States / 
Civil rights since 1787 : a reader on the Black struggle / 
Radio nation : communication, popular culture, and nationalism in Mexico, 1920-1950 / 
Gymnastics : the balance beam, floor, rings, team events, and lots, lots more / 
Nikolai Zabolotsky : enigma and cultural paradigm / 
Jimi Hendrix / 
Kilim rugs : tribal tales in wool / 
Night sky, morning star / 
Supporting families : lessons from the field / 
Mapping Jewish identities / 
La Nouvelle France : the making of French Canada : a cultural history / 
Polar bear / 
Recycled paper : from start to finish / 
Zion / 
Nose / 
Like gold refined / 
Haunted houses / 
Basics of Christian education / 
The raging hearth : Spirit in the household of God / 
Mosaic modernism : anarchism, pragmatism, culture / 
The Lizzie Borden "axe murder" trial : a headline court case / 
Bringing the psalms to life : how to understand and  use the Book of Psalms / 
The horse & the iron ball : a journey through time, space, and technology / 
Water in the West : a High country news reader / 
George W. Bush / 
Composing research / 
Five portraits : modernity and the imagination in twentieth-century German writing / 
Praying with Dante / 
Historic preservation for a living city : Historic Charleston Foundation, 1947-1997 / 
The journey of Navajo Oshley : an autobiography and life history / 
Hieroglyphs of another world : on poetry, Swedenborg, and other matters / 
The finer thread, the tighter weave : essays on the short fiction of Henry James / 
Blueprint / 
On the water : rowing, yachting, canoeing, and lots, lots, more / 
Collaborative inquiry in practice : action, reflection, and meaning making / 
Radio and television regulation : broadcast technology in the United States, 1920-1960 / 
UFO's / 
Glass art from UrbanGlass / 
The fashionable fan / 
The contemporary blacksmith / 
Farm flu / 
The secret flower : and other stories / 
Percents and ratios / 
KISS guide to living with a dog / 
Large-scale assessment : dimensions, dilemmas, and policy / 
50 trail runs in Southern California / 
Rekindling the flame : principals combating teacher burnout / 
The divine symphony / 
Pre-algebra and algebra / 
Counterfeit son / 
Fractions and decimals / 
Understanding I am the cheese / 
Peninsula : essays and memoirs from Michigan / 
Broken covenant : a divorce memoir / 
What is Africa's problem? / 
Heaven is a beautiful place : a memoir of the South Carolina coast / 
This is the turkey / 
Treating Huckleberry Finn : a new narrative approach to working with kids diagnosed ADD/ADHD / 
Academic advising : a comprehensive handbook / 
Fishing grounds : defining a new era for American fisheries management / 
Prediction : science, decision making, and the future of nature / 
If you want to lead, not just manage : a primer for principals / 
All the wild and lonely places : journeys in a desert landscape / 
Addiction treatment : theory and practice / 
Preparing children for court : a practitioner's guide / 
Turtle and Snake and the Christmas tree / 
Stitch 'n flip quilts : 14 fantastic projects / 
Baby Duck's new friend / 
The intuitive principal : a guide to leadership / 
On becoming preteen wise : parenting your child from eight to twelve years / 
Glad reunion : meeting ourselves in the lives of biblical men and women / 
The mentor's guide : facilitating effective learning relationships / 
Medicine trail : the life and lessons of Gladys Tantaquidgeon / 
The Basque poetic tradition / 
El puente = The bridge / 
Albert Einstein : genius behind the theory of relativity / 
Surviving supply chain integration : strategies for small manufacturers / 
Stitching rites : colcha embroidery along the northern Rio Grande / 
Holy Saturday : an argument for the restoration of the female diaconate in the Catholic Church / 
A land between : Owens Valley, California / 
Intercollegiate athletics and the American university : a university president's perspective / 
Refiner's fire : a novel / 
Gregory's Shadow / 
Guiding school improvement with action research / 
The five Crows ledger : biographic warrior art of the Flathead Indians / 
Broken soldiers / 
Gimme an "A!" / 
March mania / 
Iris and Walter. True friends / 
Frida Kahlo : a spiritual biography / 
A field guide to using visual tools / 
From southern wrongs to civil rights : the memoir of a white civil rights activist / 
We shall be all : a history of the Industrial Workers of the World / 
LA shorts / 
Skeleton and muscles / 
Partisan linkages in southern politics : elites, voters, and identifiers / 
Coping with psoriasis : a patient's guide to treatment / 
100 classic hikes in Arizona / 
Asthma / 
What do you call a group of turkeys? : and other bird groups / 
The leader's imperative : ethics, integrity, and responsibility / 
Partner risk : managing the downside of strategic alliances / 
Artisans and cooperatives : developing alternative trade for the global economy / 
Mountain hands : a portrait of Southern Appalachia / 
What do you call a group of butterflies? : and other insect groups / 
Crowded airwaves : campaign advertising in elections / 
Chessie racing : the story of Maryland's entry in the 1997-1998 Whitbread Round the World Race / 
An enduring legacy : the story of Basques in Idaho / 
Idaho, a climbing guide : climbs, scrambles, and hikes / 
The super-duper seed surprise / 
The theology of William Porcher DuBose : life, movement, and being / 
Technology and the good life? / 
The White House / 
Civil War women : their quilts, their roles, activities for re-enactors / 
A walk in the boreal forest / 
Sprawl city : race, politics, and planning in Atlanta / 
Nature's fading chorus : classic and contemporary writings on amphibians / 
A walk in the deciduous forest / 
A walk in the rain forest / 
A walk in the tundra / 
Know it! Pray it! Live it! : a family guide to the Catholic youth Bible / 
College football : history, spectacle, controversy / 
American business and political power : public opinion, elections, and democracy / 
Church dreams : talking against the trend / 
A walk in the desert / 
A walk in the prairie / 
Alive at the core : exemplary approaches to general education in the humanities / 
The Chaco Mission Frontier : the Guaycuruan experience / 
Ecological integrity : integrating environment, conservation, and health / 
Sustainable landscape construction : a guide to green building outdoors / 
What your bird needs / 
What your fish needs / 
What your dog needs / 
What your cat needs / 
Princess June : a novel / 
Oz before the rainbow : L. Frank Baum's The wonderful Wizard of Oz on stage and screen to 1939 / 
The insider's guide to grantmaking : how foundations find, fund, and manage effective programs / 
Wishbone / 
Self, identity, and social movements / 
La Grande Mademoiselle at the Court of France : 1627-1693 / 
Vocations of political theory / 
Cidermaster of Rio Oscuro / 
Chanukah lights everywhere / 
For such a time / 
Until tomorrow / 
Glow-in-the-dark fish / 
Nick's secret / 
Fireflies / 
Yellowstone / 
Law without values : the life, work, and legacy of Justice Holmes / 
Skin and hair / 
Black bear / 
Pumpkin Jack / 
What your rabbit needs / 
What your horse needs / 
Diane Phalen quilts : ten projects to celebrate the seasons / 
Partnerships in communities : reweaving the fabric of rural America / 
Some babies grow up to be cowboys : a collection of articles and essays / 
The party of humanity : writing moral psychology in eighteenth-century Britain / 
On the day his daddy left / 
Choosing a career in the fashion industry / 
Something to think about : inspirational poems / 
Designing a new taxonomy of educational objectives / 
Paul Robeson : a voice to remember / 
The 1950s from the Korean War to Elvis / 
The Andersonville Prison Civil War crimes trial : a headline court case / 
Un llamado a la pureza : el sexo, el matrimonio y Dios / 
Traumatic realism : the demands of Holocaust representation / 
Children of the dragon : selected tales from Vietnam / 
A Christmas sampler / 
Stella's dancing days / 
Geography and social movements : comparing antinuclear activism in the Boston area / 
Spirit controlled living / 
Mother of Christ, Mother of the Church : documents on the Blessed Virgin Mary / 
Mabela the clever / 
Resort city in the sunbelt : Las Vegas, 1930-2000 / 
False papers : deception and survival in the Holocaust / 
Negotiating postmodernism / 
The Cold War : collapse of communism / 
Speak English for us, Marisol! / 
At the white window / 
Mouth / 
Grading the nation's report card : research from the evaluation of NAEP / 
Racing research, researching race : methodological dilemmas in critical race studies / 
Hoodwinked / 
Selving : linking work to spirituality / 
Basketball Jones : America above the rim / 
Renunciation : poems / 
Them and us : questions of citizenship in a globalizing world / 
Why were the shepherds excited? : a Christmas story / 
Handbook for the Newbery Medal and Honor books, 1990-1999 / 
Sails of the herring fleet : essays on Beckett / 
Politics, markets, and grand strategy : foreign economic policies as strategic instruments / 
Vehicle of influence : building a European car market / 
The little book of campaign etiquette : for everyone with a stake in politicians and journalists / 
Deng Xiaoping : leader in a changing  China / 
The sea peoples and their world : a reassessment / 
Science or pseudoscience : magnetic healing, psychic phenomena, and other heterodoxies / 
Taking learning to task : creative strategies for teaching adults / 
Cabs, cameras, and catastrophes  / 
The educator's guide to Texas school law / 
Constructing socialism : technology and change in East Germany 1945-1990 / 
The captain's concubine : love, honor, and violence in Renaissance Tuscany / 
Fireside politics : radio and political culture in the United States, 1920-1940 / 
A Thimbleberries housewarming / 
Primitivism and identity in Latin America : essays on art, literature, and culture / 
Transboundary freshwater dispute resolution : theory, practice, and annotated references / 
The first four books of poems / 
Moving lessons : Margaret H'Doubler and the beginning of dance in American education / 
The power within : the five disciplines of personal effectiveness / 
Smashing sets : exciting ways to arrange quilt blocks / 
The young zillionaire's guide to distributing goods and services / 
Frank Lloyd Wright's house on Kentuck Knob / 
Making nonprofits work : a report on the tides of nonprofit management reform / 
The global public management revolution : a report on the transformation of governance / 
Counting on the census? : race, group identity, and the evasion of politics / 
The millennium guide for pilgrims to the Holy Land / 
Albert Camus and the minister / 
All the lost girls : confessions of a Southern daughter / 
Teen resources on the web : a guide for librarians, parents and teachers / 
124 high-impact letters for busy principals : a guide to handling difficult correspondence / 
KISS guide to the Internet / 
Shared beliefs in a society : social psychological analysis / 
Working with families in the era of HIV/AIDS / 
Nursing interventions for infants, children, and families / 
Learning to theorize : a four-step strategy / 
Cultural hegemony in the United States / 
Orientation to nursing in the rural community / 
Remaking relapse prevention with sex offenders : a sourcebook / 
Locked in a violent embrace: understanding and intervening in domestic violence / 
Handbook of organizational culture & climate / 
Translating questionnaires and other research instruments : problems and solutions / 
Nursing within a faith community : promoting health in times of transition / 
Taking my place in medicine : a guide for minority medical students / 
Fighting with the Eighteenth Massachusetts : the Civil War memoir of Thomas H. Mann / 
What counts : poems / 
Homefront : a story of love and war / 
Making algebra come alive! : student activities & teacher notes / 
Making geometry come alive! : student activities & teacher notes / 
Making pre-algebra come alive : student activities & teacher notes / 
Other ways to win : creating alternatives for high school graduates / 
Keys to the classroom : a teacher's guide to the first month of school / 
Classroom killers? hallway hostages? : how schools can prevent and manage school crises / 
Lure of the West : treasures from the Smithsonian American Art Museum / 
Thanks for being my friend / 
Salmon / 
Attention deficit disorder / 
Bipolar disorder and depression / 
Identity work : constructing Pacific lives / 
Life of an American soldier / 
True devotion / 
Fishing the Northwest : an angler's reader / 
Bioethics in America : origins and cultural politics / 
Take turns, Penguin! / 
Global critical race feminism : an international reader / 
Affective intelligence and political judgment / 
Teddy bears : from start to finish / 
Permanent waves : the making of the American beauty shop / 
Just enough / 
Cystic fibrosis / 
Sports great Grant Hill / 
Alzheimer's disease / 
Living in God's embrace : the practice of spiritual intimacy / 
Diabetes / 
Muscular dystrophy / 
Hard water : politics and water supply in Milwaukee, 1870-1995 / 
Heart disease / 
Bypass : a memoir / 
Cold War poetry / 
The prayer of Jabez : breaking through to the blessed life / 
United States v. Amistad : rebellion on a slave ship / 
From migrants to citizens : membership in a changing world / 
Writing realism : representations in French fiction / 
Writing/teaching : essays toward a rhetoric of pedagogy / 
The universal journalist / 
Is the Reformation over? / 
Teen privacy rights : a hot issue / 
Daughter of Twin Oaks / 
Dollars for terror : the United States and Islam / 
U.S.-Russian relations at the turn of the century : 
Last rites for the Tipu Maya : genetic structuring in a colonial cemetery / 
Democracy in America / 
Aeschines / 
The art of the shaman : rock art of California / 
Multiple intelligences in the classroom / 
Saint Joan of Arc, God's soldier / 
How to talk about Jesus without freaking out / 
Networks and devices using planar transmission lines / 
The public face of modernism : little magazines, audiences, and reception, 1905-1920 / 
Beyond patriarchy : Jewish fathers and families / 
The secret of the ghostly hot rod / 
The urban Indian experience in America / 
By way of the forked stick / 
After the backcountry : rural life in the Great Valley of Virginia, 1800-1900 / 
Perverse spectators : the practices of film reception / 
Arrested adulthood : the changing nature of maturity and identity / 
The art of peace : Nobel Peace laureates discuss human rights, conflict and reconciliation / 
Belle Starr and the Wild West / 
The regulatory craft : controlling risks, solving problems, and managing compliance / 
The fall of the republic and other political satires / 
Framed : lesbians, feminists, and media culture / 
Class act / 
Pediatric massage for the child with special needs / 
Exploring the spectrum of autism and pervasive developmental disorders : intervention strategies / 
Psychological contracts in employment : cross-national perspectives / 
The difference between babies and cookies / 
Christianity and the making of the modern family / 
Creole : the history and legacy of Louisiana's free people of color / 
The Anderson guide to enjoying Greenwich, Connecticut : an insider's favorite places / 
Little Badger, terror of the seven seas / 
We grew up together : brothers and sisters in nineteenth-century America / 
Worth their salt, too : more notable but often unnoted women of Utah / 
The bombing of Pearl Harbor in American history / 
Letters from Nin : wisdom, advice, and encouragement for a first-time mother / 
Tangled lives : daughters, mothers, and the crucible of aging / 
Practice what you preach : the need for ethics in church leadership / 
Good night God : sleepytime prayers for children / 
Renewing your ministry : walking with Jesus in all that you do / 
Chaucer at large : the poet in the modern imagination / 
A pocket guide to flow blue / 
The old American : a novel / 
After "the year eighty" : the demise of Franciscan power in Spanish New Mexico / 
Puppet : a Chicano novella / 
Dry rivers and standing rocks : a word finder for the American West / 
Robert Frost's New England / 
Scared stiff / 
Ten little angels / 
British women writers and the writing of history, 1670-1820 / 
The third shift : managing hard choices in our careers, homes, and lives as women / 
Developing adult learners : strategies for teachers and trainers / 
Accountable systems of behavioral health care : a provider's guide / 
Networlding : building relationships and opportunities for success / 
Improvisation, Inc. : harnessing spontaneity to engage people and groups / 
On the 8th day God laughed / 
Living with loss, healing with hope : a Jewish perspective / 
Didn't my skin used to fit? / 
Children of the civil rights era / 
When shadows fall / 
What, where, when, how, why, and who to remember to be happy / 
On being a teacher / 
Sojourner in the promised land : forty years among the Mormons / 
Victorian afterlife : postmodern culture rewrites the nineteenth century / 
The People's war : responses to World War II in the Soviet Union / 
Uncertain justice : 
Holy people, holy lives : law and Gospel in bioethics / 
Just words : understanding the fullness of the Gospel / 
Cooks, cakes, and chocolate shakes / 
Degraded capability : the media and the Kosovo crisis / 
Civil resistance in Kosovo / 
Garden ornaments and antiques / 
Chinese country antiques : vernacular furniture and accessories, c. 1780-1920 / 
Motorcycle jackets : a century of leather design / 
Encyclopedia of American cut and engraved glass / 
The way of youth : Buddhist common sense for handling life's questions / 
God.com : extreme intimacy with an interactive God / 
The temptation / 
Researching the public opinion environment : theories and methods / 
Celebrate Jesus! at Christmas : family devotions for Advent through Epiphany / 
Ben Franklin's web site : privacy and curiosity from Plymouth Rock to the internet / 
Feminist approaches to social movements, community, and power / 
Egyptian mythology / 
American civil rights leaders / 
The Gault case : legal rights for young people / 
D'Albuquerque's children : performing tradition in Malaysia's Portuguese settlement / 
Experiencing world history / 
Made in our image : what shall we do with a " user-friendly" God? / 
Home to Harmony / 
Bundles of faith and tons of fun : 
Unholy covenant : a true story of murder in North Carolina / 
Australia / 
Brazil / 
China / 
Japan / 
Mexico / 
Coral reefs / 
Deserts / 
Grasslands / 
Mountains / 
Oceans / 
Rain forests / 
Tundra / 
Wetlands / 
Group activities to include students with special needs : developing social interactive skills / 
Contours of the theatrical avant-garde : performance and textuality / 
The mirror of Spain, 1500-1700 : the formation of a myth / 
Magnus Felix Ennodius : a gentleman of the church / 
Gandydancer's children : a railroad memoir / 
Understanding James Welch / 
Combatting corruption in Latin America / 
Time of the rabies / 
The Huron River : voices from the watershed / 
Capturing Troy : the narrative functions of landscape in archaic and early classical Greek art / 
Unwanted claims : the politics of participation in the U.S. welfare system / 
Ancient acid flashes back : poems / 
Speaking through the aspens : Basque tree carvings in California and Nevada / 
A fateful time : the background and legislative history of the Indian Reorganization Act / 
The great Maya droughts : water, life, and death / 
Canada / 
Mammals / 
Rocks / 
Soil / 
The solar system / 
Solids, liquids, gases / 
Weather / 
Food plants of the Sonoran Desert / 
Hecho a mano : the traditional arts of Tucson's Mexican American community / 
Lives on the line : dispatches from the U.S.-Mexico border / 
Elie Wiesel : spokesman for remembrance / 
Everything you need to know about birth order / 
Choosing a career in desktop publishing / 
Biological and chemical weapons : the debate over modern warfare / 
Everything you need to know about colds and flu / 
Everything you need to know about lupus / 
When can I start dating? : questions about love, sex, and a cure for zits / 
Directions for communication : discoveries with Ignatius Loyola / 
Water / 
Seasons / 
President of the Underground Railroad : a story about Levi Coffin / 
Winners take all / 
External debt : Brazil and the international financial crisis / 
The night you were born / 
Christmas creations / 
An ancient strife / 
This tight embrace / 
Indonesia / 
Priceless markets : the political economy of credit in Paris, 1660-1870 / 
Creating mosaics / 
After the heavenly tune : English poetry and the aspiration to song / 
Fiesta, Harlequin, & Kitchen Kraft dinnerwares : 
Boots and the Seven Leaguers : a rock-and-troll novel / 
Magic can be murder / 
Farewell, my lunchbag : from the tattered casebook of Chet Gecko, private eye / 
Merrill, Cavafy, poems, and dreams / 
Straight white male / 
Ostrich / 
Fieldwork dilemmas: anthropologists in postsocialist states / 
Fishing the Great Lakes : an environmental history, 1783-1933 / 
Secret places : my life in New York and New Guinea / 
Friendship and ways to truth / 
Bridging the gap : continuing the Florida NAACP legacy of Harry T. Moore, 1952-1966 / 
Teaching German in twentieth-century America / 
Telegrams from the psych ward and other poems / 
Nixon and the environment / 
Under sacred ground : a history of Navajo oil, 1922-1982 / 
Privileged moments : encounters with writers / 
A Muslim primer: beginner's guide to Islam / 
To quarks and quasars : a history of physics and astronomy at Vanderbilt University / 
Saint Michael's letters to the Aesthesians : a novel / 
Cuban-Jewish journeys : searching for identity, home, and history in Miami / 
Conflicting missions? : teachers unions and educational reform / 
Children of the World War II home front / 
Thriving in ministry / 
Doctors / 
Carpenters / 
Chefs / 
The blessing : new and selected poems / 
International opportunities : 
Praying the sacred in secular settings / 
Old Testament themes / 
The social structure of Christian families : a historical perspective / 
Fire fighters / 
Letter carriers / 
Police officers / 
Redefining fatherhood / 
Changing race : Latinos, the census, and the history of ethnicity in the United States / 
The aging mind : opportunities in cognitive research / 
Acting through history / 
Abraham Lincoln / 
Charles Lindbergh / 
The consequences of ideas : understanding the concepts that shaped our world / 
George Washington / 
Westward expansion / 
Unicorns / 
Grand Central Terminal : railroads, engineering, and architecture in New York City / 
The slave power : the free North and southern domination, 1780-1860 / 
Dreams / 
Lunch / 
Latino metropolis / 
Leaders of women's suffrage / 
The bop apocalypse : the religious visions of Kerouac, Ginsberg, and Burroughs / 
Rethinking sustainability : power, knowledge, and institutions / 
Lost Minnesota : stories of vanished places / 
The Cheyenne / 
Native Americans of the Southeast / 
The ancient Egyptians / 
Weapons of war / 
Epilepsy / 
Informalization : process and structure / 
The political philosophy of James Madison / 
Local heroes : paintings and sculpture by Sam Doyle / 
Leaven in the world : growing in community life / 
A business of ferrets / 
The little drummer boy / 
Harriet Tubman / 
Jackie Robinson / 
Marie Curie / 
The Boston Tea Party / 
The California Gold Rush / 
The Declaration of Independence / 
The Jamestown Colony / 
The Lewis and Clark Expedition / 
The Oregon Trail / 
The Plymouth Colony / 
The Santa Fe Trail / 
Nuclear rivals : Anglo-American atomic relations, 1941-1952 / 
Stories for a kindred heart : over 100 stories celebrating friends, family, and love / 
Eight twentieth-century Russian plays / 
Children discover the Mass : lessons, crafts, cutouts, and more! / 
More faith facts for young Catholics : fun ways to teach the basics of our faith / 
The good listener / 
Moment by moment : a retreat in everyday life / 
The friend of the bridegroom : spiritual direction and the encounter with Christ / 
Money : save it, manage it, spend it / 
Lau v. Nichols : bilingual education in public schools / 
Top 10 World Series MVPs / 
Sports great Derek Jeter / 
Writing a usable past : Russian literary culture, 1917-1937 / 
The women's Torah commentary : new insights from women rabbis on the 54 weekly Torah portions / 
Soccer / 
Torah of the earth : exploring 4,000 years of ecology in Jewish thought / 
On drama : boundaries of genre, borders of self / 
Networking health : prescriptions for the Internet / 
Prodigal son : Vasilii Shukshin in Soviet Russian culture / 
Science under siege : chaos, method, and credibility / 
This is the world / 
American artifacts : essays in material culture / 
Yrs. ever affly : the correspondence of Edith Wharton and Louis Bromfield / 
Strategic deception : rhetoric, science, and politics in missile defense advocacy / 
Dot & Jabber and the great acorn mystery / 
Mormons and Mormonism : an introduction to an American world religion / 
Defending animal rights / 
Reciting America : culture and cliché in contemporary U.S. fiction / 
Graveyard of the lakes / 
The invention of modern science / 
Means without end : notes on politics / 
Bluegrass odyssey : a documentary in pictures and words, 1966-86 / 
Saxony in German history : culture, society, and politics, 1830-1933 / 
Disabled veterans in history / 
Fighting for social justice : the life story of David Burgess / 
What distinguishes human understanding? / 
Not exactly Eden / 
The ultimate mallworld / 
Everything you need to know about vision disorders / 
Everything you need to know about breast health and cancer detection / 
Everything you need to know about the Goth scene / 
The sun : the center of the solar system / 
Venus : the second planet / 
Antitrust in the global trading system : reconciling U.S., Japanese, and EU approaches / 
Benedict Arnold : patriot or traitor? / 
Charles Lindbergh and the Spirit of St. Louis in American history / 
Voice of the goddess / 
Everything you need to know about volunteering / 
Handbook of public relations / 
It could happen to anyone : why battered women stay / 
The moon pearl / 
Sexuality and form : Caravaggio, Marlowe, and Bacon / 
Montgomery in the good war : portrait of a southern city, 1939-1946 / 
Flora the frog / 
The kingfisher's tale / 
Public services or corporate welfare : rethinking the nation state in the global economy / 
China mailbag uncensored : letters from an American GI in World War II China and India / 
The personal intelligences : promoting social and emotional learning / 
Educating all students together : how school leaders create unified systems / 
7 essentials for character discipline : elementary classroom management / 
Happy birthday, America! / 
Japanese toys : amusing playthings from the past / 
Women Olympic champions / 
Life in ancient China / 
Teens with eating disorders / 
Understanding The yearling / 
Baseball / 
Scotland / 
The Apache / 
The ancient Greeks / 
Basic sources on the MMPI-2 / 
Pluralism in theory and practice : Richard McKeon and American philosophy / 
The first look / 
The king & the three thieves : a Persian tale / 
Academic disciplines : Holland's theory and the study of college students and faculty / 
Great Lakes journey : a new look at America's freshwater coast / 
The snow child / 
Reading Cavell's The world viewed : a philosophical perspective on film / 
Reallocating resources : how to boost student achievement without asking for more / 
Teacher evaluation : a comprehensive guide to new directions and practices / 
Schools and data : the educator's guide for using data to improve decision making / 
Choosing a career in teaching / 
Psychology of alcohol and other drugs : a research perspective / 
Women in labor : mothers, medicine, and occupational health in the United States, 1890-1980 / 
In cold fear : the Catcher in the rye censorship controversies and postwar American character / 
The hidden famine : poverty, hunger, and sectarianism in Belfast, 1840-50 / 
Making weight : men's conflicts with food, weight, shape & appearance / 
Hans and Sophie Scholl : German resisters of the White Rose / 
Radical media : rebellious communication and social movements / 
Life's form : late Aristotelian conceptions of the soul / 
KISS guide to playing guitar / 
Implementing student-led conferences / 
One million children : Success for All / 
Empowering teachers : what successful principals do / 
American democracy in peril : seven challenges to America's future / 
The "E" is for everything : e-commerce, e-business, and e-learning in higher education / 
Beyond managed care : how consumers and technology are changing the future of health care / 
Vice and virtue : men of history, great crooks for the greater good / 
Invasive species in a changing world / 
Cultures and nations of Central and Eastern Europe : essays in honor of Roman Szporluk / 
The forbidden image : an intellectual history of iconoclasm / 
Tomorrow never knows : rock and psychedelics in the 1960s / 
Tom Hanks : superstar / 
KISS guide to astrology / 
Missing organizational linkages : tools for cross-level research / 
Thy will be done / 
People's lives : a photographic celebration of the human spirit / 
The White House staff : inside the West Wing and beyond / 
Sorrow's kitchen : poems / 
Nickel eclipse : Iroquois moon : poems and paintings / 
Weathering the storm : Taiwan, its neighbors, and the Asian financial crisis / 
Marie Curie : courageous pioneer in the study of radioactivity / 
What government can do : dealing with poverty and inequality / 
Monster Goose / 
Race woman : the lives of Shirley Graham Du Bois / 
Knowing, teaching, and learning history : national and international perspectives / 
Friends and foes : how Congress and the president really make foreign policy / 
North Korea through the looking glass / 
Fly, fly, little birds / 
Nationalism and the crowd in liberal Hungary, 1848-1914 / 
Honey and vinegar : incentives, sanctions, and foreign policy / 
Orange parades : the politics of ritual, tradition, and control / 
The portfolio organizer : succeeding with portfolios in your classroom / 
Alexander Graham Bell : father of modern communication / 
Aspects of Old English poetic syntax : where clauses begin / 
Niagara, 1814 : America invades Canada / 
Pia Toya : a Goshute Indian legend / 
Globalization : neoliberal challenge, radical responses / 
Crystal palaces : garden conservatories of the United States / 
Chickens have chicks / 
John Muir : my life with nature / 
Spirit animals / 
Girls who looked under rocks : the lives of six pioneering naturalists / 
Heaven in stone and glass : experiencing the spirituality of the great cathedrals / 
Cows have calves / 
Horses have foals / 
Pigs have piglets / 
Sheep have lambs / 
Rabbits have bunnies / 
It's not funny, I lost my money / 
Your home : a place of grace / 
To dream again / 
Self and story in Russian history / 
21 ideas for managers : practical wisdom for managing your company and yourself / 
Merleau-Ponty's last vision : a proposal for the completion of The visible and the invisible / 
Hegel and the problem of multiplicity / 
The first session with substance abusers : a step-by-step guide / 
Teaching without tenure : policies and practices for a new era / 
The Endangered Species Act : history, conservation biology, and public policy / 
Parties, politics, and democracy in the new Southern Europe / 
The delirium of praise : Bataille, Blanchot, Deleuze, Foucault, Klossowski / 
Greenbelt, Maryland : a living legacy of the New Deal / 
Cammi Granato, hockey pioneer / 
Play-by-play mountain biking / 
Kipper's A to Z / 
The staircase / 
Hank Aaron : brave in every way / 
A mountain of blintzes / 
Making collaboration work : lessons from innovation in natural resource management / 
Lay my burden down : unraveling suicide and the mental health crisis among African-Americans / 
Data from the decade of the sixties : a novel / 
And the dish ran away with the spoon / 
Voices of democracy : conversations with Benjamin Barber ... [et al.] / 
A fire-eater remembers : the Confederate memoir of Robert Barnwell Rhett / 
To show what an Indian can do : sports at Native American boarding schools / 
The deathly embrace : orientalism and Asian American identity / 
The place of the Pike (Gnoozhekaaning) : a history of the Bay Mills Indian Community / 
Fabulous vernacular : Boccaccio's Filocolo and the art of medieval fiction / 
Canyon of remembering / 
United States incoming steamship mail, 1847-1875 / 
The Crimson Tide : an illustrated history of football at the University of Alabama / 
Native peoples of the Southwest / 
Proficient motorcycling : the ultimate guide to riding well / 
Red feminism : American communism and the making of women's liberation / 
King Arthur / 
Latin sensations / 
Floating jellyfish / 
The States and public higher education policy : affordability, access, and accountability / 
Play-by-play baseball / 
Achieving moral health : an exercise plan for your conscience / 
Phillis Wheatley : legendary African-American poet / 
Choosing a career in real estate / 
Dark of the gods / 
Climbing : from gym to crag : building skills for real rock / 
With you always : daily meditations on the Gospels / 
East of the Jordan : territories and sites of the Hebrew scriptures / 
Collaboration : uniting our gifts in ministry / 
John D. Clifford's Indian antiquities / 
A man's reach / 
Prehistory of the Rustler Hills : Granado Cave / 
Bulbs for warm climates / 
A fragile capital : identity and the early years of Columbus, Ohio / 
Stone palaces / 
Natural attenuation for groundwater remediation / 
Within the veil : black journalists, white media / 
Doing time : feminist theory and postmodern culture / 
Law and religion : a critical anthology / 
Northwestern University : celebrating 150 years / 
City of ash / 
Such a pretty face / 
Remaking health care in America : the evolution of organized delivery systems / 
A personal tour of Tuskegee Institute / 
Cockroaches / 
A right to representation : proportional election systems for the twenty-first century / 
Edgar Allan Poe / 
Transnational peasants : migrations, networks, and ethnicity in Andean Ecuador / 
The wind in the willows / 
The scarlet letter / 
The gift in sixteenth-century France / 
Small creatures and ordinary places : essays on nature / 
The making of NAFTA : how the deal was done / 
Women of Okinawa : nine voices from a garrison island / 
Robert Overby : parallel, 1978-1969 / 
Gardening in the desert : a guide to plant selection & care / 
Beyond affirmative action : reframing the context of higher education / 
Fifteen flamingos / 
Of women and horses / 
Bureaucracy on the silver screen : 
Heaven / 
Indian mounds of Wisconsin / 
Time gifts / 
Expecting trouble : the myth of prenatal care in America / 
Michael Jackson / 
Life in a Nazi concentration camp / 
The kitchen spoon's handle : transnationalism and Sri Lanka's migrant housemaids / 
Milton's Christmas / 
Off to the sweet shores of Africa and other talking drum rhymes / 
Deck the hall : a traditional carol / 
Loon Lake / 
Stars in the darkness / 
Educating by design : creating campus learning environments that work / 
Courtly song in late sixteenth-century France / 
The wonderful way babies are made / 
Whose shoes? / 
Ook the book / 
Morning dance / 
Relating to a spiritual teacher : building a healthy relationship / 
The sacred impulse : A planetary spirituality of heart and fire / 
The young zillionaire's guide to the stock market / 
Working across cultures : applications and exercises / 
Cultural metaphors : readings, research translations, and commentary / 
The principal as curriculum leader : shaping what is taught & tested / 
Caverns of night : coal mines in art, literature, and film  / 
Understanding Jill McCorkle / 
Crafts, capitalism, and women : the potters of La Chamba, Colombia / 
Narrative as virtual reality : immersion and interactivity in literature and electronic media / 
Windows on the future : education in the age of technology / 
Presidential decisions for war : Korea, Vietnam, and the Persian Gulf / 
The invention of comfort : sensibilities & design in early modern Britain & early America / 
Espresso for a woman's spirit : encouraging stories of hope and humor / 
I married an earthling : a novel / 
Ecuador : a climbing guide / 
Moments of grace : stories of ordinary people and an extraordinary God / 
If the cup could talk / 
The power of prayer / 
The true story of Santa Claus / 
Traditional crafts from the Caribbean / 
At the side of David : a multiple-ending Bible adventure / 
At the side of Esther : a multiple-ending Bible adventure / 
Short-circuited : dumping and America's consumer electronics industry / 
The Battle of Gettysburg in American history / 
Desire for a beginning ; Dread of one single end / 
Come fly with me : the adventures of a humanitarian bush pilot / 
Hate and racist groups : a hot issue / 
Helen Keller : lighting the way for the blind and deaf / 
Blind side : a Connor Westphal mystery / 
And then there were two / 
Reviewing the movies : a Christian response to contemporary film / 
The amazing secret / 
A confessing theology for postmodern times / 
In therapy we trust: America's obsession with self-fulfillment / 
Rock & ice gear : equipment for the vertical world / 
British Columbia's Gulf Islands, afoot and afloat / 
Hermann Buhl : climbing without compromise / 
The storytellers' collection : tales of faraway places / 
Annika's secret wish / 
Stirring the mud : on swamps, bogs, and human imagination / 
Color play : easy steps to imaginative color in quilts / 
Homecoming : the story of African-American farmers / 
Sometimes there were heroes / 
Natural classroom assessment : designing seamless instruction & assessment / 
Postcolonial feminist interpretation of the Bible / 
Thematic preaching : an introduction / 
Preaching Luke-Acts / 
Cottonmouth kisses / 
Everything you need to know about compulsive sexual behavior / 
Fertility technology : the baby debate / 
Handbook of children and the media / 
Hermeneutic phenomenological research : a practical guide for nurse researchers / 
Peru / 
Glamorous sorcery : magic and literacy in the High Middle Ages / 
Ranch dog : a tribute to the working dog in the American West / 
Fledgling no more / 
Love and logic : verses of romance and reason / 
Tall woman : The life story of Rose Mitchell, a Navajo woman, c. 1874-1977 / 
The philosophy and politics of Czech dissidence from Patočka to Havel / 
The Pilgrimage of Dorothy Richardson / 
Painters, patrons, and identity : essays in Native American art to honor J.J. Brody / 
Kirith Kirin / 
Legal canons / 
Obsessed by dress / 
Computer animation / 
Writing to standards : teacher's resource of writing activities for preK-6 / 
The sun- : the center of the solar system / 
Sport in Britain, 1945-2000 / 
Italy / 
Rabbit's wooly sweater / 
Encyclopedia of the Korean War : a political, social, and military history / 
The evolution wars : a guide to the debates / 
The Jack Ruby trial revisited : the diary of jury foreman Max Causey / 
A memory of trains : the Boll Weevil and others / 
Journey to freedom / 
Nine marks of a healthy church / 
A season of stillness / 
A season of gladness / 
A season of rejoicing / 
A season of grace / 
The seminary student writes / 
Pasta : every way for every day / 
Plato's "Laws" : the discovery of being / 
Restless nation : starting over in America / 
Engaging communication in conflict : systemic practice / 
Snowboards : from start to finish / 
Bad pastors : clergy misconduct in modern America / 
Promoting diversity and social justice : educating people from privileged groups / 
Looking at looking : an introduction to the intelligence of vision / 
The backyard bird feeder's bible : the A-to-Z guide to feeders, seed mixes, projects, and treats / 
Who is it? / 
The king's cat : a fairy tale / 
The uses of darkness : women's underworld journeys, ancient and modern / 
Decking the halls : the folklore and traditions of Christmas plants / 
The Labrador retriever : a comprehensive guide to buying, owning, and training / 
Further to fly : Black women and the politics of empowerment / 
Hull pottery : decades of design / 
Mcdonald's happy meal toys around the world : 1975-1995 / 
Scandinavian ceramics & glass : 1940s to 1980s / 
Urban dog : the ultimate street smarts training manual / 
The golden retriever : a comprehensive guide to buying, owning, and training / 
Comedy is a man in trouble : slapstick in American movies / 
Wild shore : exploring Lake Superior by kayak / 
Counseling women with breast cancer : a guide for professionals / 
Me and Jeshua / 
Empire and revolution : the United States and the Third World since 1945 / 
Speak Wright : a literate guide to the game of golf / 
"You better work!" : underground dance music in New York City / 
Infertilities : exploring fictions of barren bodies / 
The good news according to Matthew : a training manual for prophets / 
Breaking the watch : the meanings of retirement in America / 
Stone sky lifting / 
Wings of healing : on faith for daily life / 
Reading relationally : postmodern perspectives on literature and art / 
Everything you need to know about the dangers of sports gambling / 
Cookies, brownies, muffins, and more / 
Savory soups and stews / 
The respiratory system / 
Everything you need to know about being a teen driver / 
Hello out there / 
ILE by example : a hands-on guide to the AS/400's integrated language environment / 
The abortion conflict : a pro/con issue / 
Land, law, and environment : mythical land, legal boundaries / 
Locating cultural creativity / 
Social mobility in Kerala : modernity and identity in conflict / 
Polishing the jewel : an administrative history of Grand Canyon National Park / 
The Boston Red Sox baseball team / 
The Denver Broncos football team / 
The St. Louis Cardinals baseball team / 
The Cleveland Indians baseball team / 
Teacher evaluation to enhance professional practice / 
Giants, monsters, and dragons : an encyclopedia of folklore, legend, and myth / 
Parachuting hamsters and Andy Russell / 
Super sports star Kobe Bryant / 
Super sports star Kevin Garnett / 
Super sports star Tim Duncan / 
Tunnel kids / 
Programming in RPG IV / 
The color of opportunity : pathways to family, welfare, and work / 
Women of wisdom / 
Exploring careers in journalism / 
Choosing a career in carpentry / 
Understanding the risk of diet drugs / 
The real dragon : a novel of Vietnam / 
Medieval folklore : an encyclopedia of myths, legends, tales, beliefs, and customs / 
Ethnography and prostitution in Peru / 
Feminist theory and literary practice / 
Canon, period, and the poetry of Charles of Orleans : found in translation / 
Refugees from Hollywood : a journal of the blacklist years / 
Labor's troubadour / 
Welcome to methadonia : a social worker's candid account of life in a methadone clinic / 
Pipers at the gates of dawn : a triptych / 
The American statehouse : interpreting democracy's temples / 
Memoirs of a spiritual outsider : / 
Pastoral care with stepfamilies : mapping the wilderness / 
Crunch munch / 
The new rank and file / 
Is academic feminism dead? : theory in practice / 
Dancing at halftime : sports and the controversy over American Indian mascots / 
Russel Wright / 
Complete book of Hot Wheels / 
The smart manager's F.A.Q. guide : a survival handbook for today's workplace / 
Roman roads and aqueducts / 
The Louisiana Purchase / 
Understanding Flowers for Algernon / 
Learning as transformation : critical perspectives on a theory in progress / 
Golf / 
An unbroken chain : my journey through the Nazi Holocaust / 
Life of a Roman soldier / 
Kobe Bryant : basketball big shot / 
Life in Moscow / 
Alien abductions / 
Ella Fitzgerald : first lady of song / 
A personal tour of Edison's lab / 
What's cooking? : the history of American food / 
Fighting for your empty nest marriage : reinventing your relationship when the kids leave home / 
Christ the healer / 
Identifying and breaking curses / 
Care-full preaching : from sermon to caring community / 
Thanh Ho delivers : a novel / 
Enemies of the state / 
The science of man in ancient Greece / 
Finding the princess : a novel / 
The culture of the body : genealogies of modernity / 
The problem of evil : a reader / 
Comparative religious ethics : a narrative approach / 
Only what we could carry : the Japanese American internment experience / 
Polar Bolero : a bedtime dance / 
Online journalism : a critical primer / 
Social work practice with culturally diverse people / 
Using market knowledge / 
The future of merit : twenty years after the Civil Service Reform Act / 
Earth- : the third planet / 
The networked economy : lessons from the trenches / 
Denver in flames : forging a new mile high city / 
Hope and chaos : selected fragments, 1973 to 2000 / 
Atomic farmgirl : the betrayal of Chief Qualchan, the appaloosa, and me / 
Children of the orphan trains / 
The language of yes / 
Earthsteps : a rock's journey through time / 
The world-famous Alaska highway : a guide to the Alcan and other wilderness roads of the North / 
Winning ugly : NATO's war to save Kosovo / 
Mount St. Helens Volcano : violent eruption / 
Near to the heart of God : a scripture prayer journal / 
Managing conversations with hostile adults : 
The math we need to "know" and "do" : content standards for elementary and middle grades / 
Supervision in practice : 3 steps to improving teaching and learning / 
Assessing student understanding in science : a standards-based K-12 handbook / 
Smart discipline for the classroom : respect and cooperation restored / 
The high school principal's calendar : a month-by-month planner for the school year / 
World cultural leaders of the twentieth century / 
Are you agité? : a treatise on everyday agitation / 
Foundations of empowerment evaluation / 
Families & change : coping with stressful events and transitions / 
Treating secondary victims : intervention with the nonoffending mother in the incest family / 
Doubleness / 
The many adventures of Johnny Mutton : stories and pictures / 
Cultural studies & political theory / 
The life of a style : beginnings and endings in the narrative history of art / 
Flower pounding : quilt projects for all ages / 
Walking San Diego : where to go to get away from it all / 
Classic crimes / 
Virgin soil / 
The waste books / 
GrowerTalks on plugs 3 / 
Ice cream treats : the inside scoop / 
Remembering well : rituals for celebrating life and mourning death / 
Reaching for higher ground in conflict resolution : tools for powerful groups and communities / 
Hazardous waste / 
Understanding The catcher in the rye / 
James Dean / 
Alzheimer's disease / 
Understanding The outsiders / 
Spiny sea stars / 
Haunting violations : feminist criticism and the crisis of the "real" / 
A personal tour of Hull-House / 
Dr. Seuss / 
The rise of Christianity / 
The art of trusteeship : the nonprofit board member's guide to effective governance / 
Louisiana faces : images from a renaissance / 
Queen Elizabeth I / 
Joyce and hagiography : saints above! / 
Victorian England / 
Abortion / 
The fox from up above and the fox from down below / 
Deliverance thesaurus : demon hit list / 
Mo : the life & times of Morris K. Udall / 
Endangered animals of North America : a hot issue / 
Dollars, distance, and online education : the new economics of college teaching and learning / 
To your health : achieving well-being during medical school / 
Thomas Paine : revolutionary patriot and writer / 
Jupiter-- : the fifth planet / 
Preaching through the year of Luke / 
Voted out : the psychological consequences of anti-gay politics / 
Designing democratic institutions / 
Marie Adrien Persac : Louisiana artist / 
Zecca : the mint of Venice in the Middle Ages / 
The guide to living with bladder cancer / 
Writings on empire and slavery / 
Working women of early modern Venice / 
Jalani and the lock / 
Saudi Arabia / 
Coping with dyslexia / 
Sojourner Truth : abolitionist and women's rights activist / 
Westward expansion and manifest destiny in American history / 
Stagecoaching on the California coast : the Coast Line Stage from Los Angeles to San Juan / 
Revolutionary acts : amateur theater and the Soviet state, 1917-1938 / 
Comrades at odds : the United States and India, 1947-1964 / 
Reach of tide ring of history : a Columbia River voyage / 
Exploring Oregon's historic house museums / 
The Church of the Transfiguration : proclaiming God's glory in wood and stone / 
Andy Warhol : social observer / 
Nanda Devi : the tragic expedition / 
Fragile edge : a personal portrait of loss on Everest / 
Petspeak : you're closer than you think to a great relationship with your dog or cat! / 
The Colorado Plateau : a geologic history / 
The turkey prince / 
To vote or not to vote? : the merits and limits of rational choice theory / 
Methodology of the oppressed / 
A fly in the soup : memoirs / 
Dear Elizabeth : five poems & three letters to Elizabeth Bishop / 
Your destiny. Part I, The truth / 
Sit, Truman / 
Experiencing the presence of God / 
Secrets of a millionaire real estate investor / 
Profit from legal insider trading : invest today on tomorrow's news / 
On your own : a widow's passage to emotional & financial well-being / 
The gore : a novel / 
Glottal stop : 101 poems / 
Lessons in progress : state universities and Progressivism in the new South, 1880-1920 / 
Emile de Antonio : radical filmmaker in Cold War America / 
America's last call / 
Morality imposed : the Rehnquist Court and liberty in America / 
Technological change and the United States Navy, 1865-1945 / 
Jane Austen / 
A personal tour of a Shaker village / 
Desert iguanas / 
The war against Iraq / 
Basketball / 
Turtles and tortoises / 
KISS guide to gardening / 
Nature's justice : writings of William O. Douglas / 
Medieval mercenaries / 
Fishing Arkansas : a year-round guide to angling adventures in the natural state / 
Arkansas in modern America, 1930-1999 / 
1 Corinthians / 
Front porch reflections : devotions for every season / 
Meat-eating dinosaurs : the theropods / 
Billy Graham : world-famous evangelist / 
Our state fair : Iowa's blue ribbon story / 
Maire : [a novel] / 
My reel story / 
Crazy melon and Chinese apple : the poems of Frances Chung / 
Leaving lines of gender : a feminist genealogy of language writing / 
Mothering without a compass : white mother's love, Black son's courage / 
Tennessee political humor : some of these jokes you voted for / 
Ravishing disunities : real ghazals in English / 
Rhyme time blocks / 
Activating & engaging habits of mind / 
Spin casting brilliantly / 
Pluralism in philosophy : changing the subject / 
Inclusion : making room for grace / 
Everlasting light : a resource for Advent worship / 
Servant of the Word : the life and ministry of C.F.W. Walther / 
Commercial space policy in the 1980s : proceedings of a roundtable discussion / 
Beyond the valley / 
A laboratory for anthropology : science and romanticism in the American Southwest, 1846-1930 / 
Columbus, Ohio : a personal geography / 
O come let us adore Him / 
In God we trust : but only as a last resort / 
My soul magnifies the Lord : meditations on the meaning of Christmas / 
Jewish paths toward healing and wholeness : a personal guide to dealing with suffering / 
Mountain gorillas / 
Sandra Bullock / 
Dating and sex : defining and setting boundaries / 
Alternative cures : the most effective natural home remedies for 160 health problems / 
A practical guide to information systems process improvement / 
Polio / 
Hall & Haywood's foundation quilts : building on the past 
Textbook of Ayurveda / 
Restoring nature : perspectives from the social sciences and humanities / 
Whose hunger? : concepts of famine, practices of aid / 
Mormon history / 
Snapping lines : stories / 
Influenza / 
The nervous system / 
More than meets the eye : finding God in the creases and folds of family life / 
The Orvis field guide to shotgun care & maintenance / 
Zimbabwe / 
Storms and the earth / 
Drought and people / 
Drought and the earth / 
The great software fraud / 
Global governance, development and human security : the challenge of poverty and inequality / 
Regulating the press / 
Euthanasia : the debate over the right to die / 
Free stuff for home décor on the Internet / 
Mother Teresa / 
Beyond the gathering storm / 
Family / 
The kid's almanac of geography / 
Heartsblood : hunting, spirituality, and wildness in America / 
Full price : competing on value in the new economy / 
The silver thread / 
The incredible discovery of Lindsey Renee / 
Journey to the spring at Crystal Mountain / 
Fathering our daughters / 
Arab nationalism-- a history : nation and state in the Arab world / 
The redemption of Sarah Cain / 
Seven men / 
Alfred and Guinevere / 
A month in the country / 
Sons of the river : a Nebraska memoir / 
Dutch color / 
Signs & abominations / 
Balancing work & love : Jewish women facing the family-career challenge / 
The circulatory system / 
Reimagining the nation state : the contested terrains of nation-building / 
How to recognize the Antichrist / 
The politics of human rights in East Asia / 
Ida B. Wells-Barnett : a voice against violence / 
The Titanic : disaster at sea / 
Jesse Owens : Olympic star / 
Independence Day : birthday of the United States / 
The opportunities and hazards of agricultural biotechnology / 
William Seward : the mastermind of the Alaska Purchase / 
The fast red road : a plainsong / 
ALS--Lou Gehrig's disease / 
Hemophilia / 
El Q'anil : man of lightning / 
Vermeer and the invention of seeing / 
Denali : a literary anthology / 
Florida state parks : a complete recreation guide / 
An outdoor guide to the Big South Fork : National River and Recreation Area / 
Growing up / 
Hunters and prey / 
Staying alive / 
Vouchers and the provision of public services / 
Endangered : your child in a hostile world / 
Disease detectives / 
Angels / 
Redefining sustainable development / 
Astronauts / 
Treasures from the heart : the value of godly character / 
KISS : guide to managing your career / 
Praying the Angelus : the message of the angel to Mary / 
Everybody has an angel / 
Childhood communication disorders in mental health settings / 
Pale truth : a novel / 
When joy came to stay / 
Life is not a dress rehearsal / 
Praise her in the gates : the calling of Christian motherhood / 
Wetland landscape characterization / 
Children of the Indian boarding schools / 
Genetically modified pest-protected plants : science and regulation / 
I'm okay, you're dead / 
Choosing a career in the post office / 
Everything you need to know about staying in the hospital / 
The prince and the pauper : a tale for young people of all ages / 
The adventures of Sherlock Holmes / 
Crash of the Titans : 
How to be human-- though an economist / 
Shifting memories : the Nazi past in the new Germany / 
Theory and the premodern text / 
God's plan to protect his people in the coming depression / 
Silver seeds : a book of nature poems / 
From new Zion to old Zion : American Jewish immigration and settlement in Palestine, 1917-1939  / 
Edgar Lee Masters : a biography / 
Polio epidemic : crippling virus outbreak / 
Love Canal : toxic waste tragedy / 
Charting a path to U.S. missile defenses : technical and policy issues / 
The difference satire makes : rhetoric and reading from Jonson to Byron / 
Office collectibles : 100 years of business technology / 
Bushido : legacies of the Japanese tattoo / 
American dimestore toy soldiers and figures / 
Guide to African American and African primary sources at Harvard University / 
Farmer's market : families working together / 
Coyote at large : humor in American nature writing / 
Beyond the area studies wars : toward a new international studies / 
The escape, or, A leap for freedom : a drama in five acts / 
When America fights : the uses of U.S. military force / 
Unshakable foundations / 
Malaria / 
In whose image? : God and gender / 
O worship the King : hymns of assurance and praise to encourage your heart / 
Bernard of Clairvaux : essential writings/ 
The Jewish Confederates / 
Tara Lipinski, star figure skater / 
Understanding Alain Robbe-Grillet / 
Choosing a career in the fishing industry / 
Cost-effectiveness analysis : methods and applications / 
Thurgood Marshall / 
Crossing the color line : readings in Black and white / 
O lost : a story of the buried life / 
The answers--to questions that teachers most frequently ask / 
Reenchantment without supernaturalism : a process philosophy of religion / 
Educating hearts and minds : a comprehensive character education framework / 
Fiscal fitness for school administrators : how to stretch resources and do even more with less / 
Being a successful principal : riding the wave of change without drowning / 
Treating non-offending parents in child sexual abuse cases : connections for family safety / 
Psychotic disorders in children and adolescents / 
The computerization of work : a communication perspective / 
Product planning essentials / 
Asian American ethnicity and communication / 
The nursing profession : tomorrow and beyond / 
Health communication : a multicultural perspective / 
Social and behavioral foundations of public health / 
What else you can do with a Ph.D. : a career guide for scholars / 
View finder : Mark Klett, photography, and the reinvention of landscape / 
Aching for beauty : footbinding in China / 
Condensing the Cold War : Reader's digest and American identity / 
Michelle Kwan, star figure skater / 
Top 10 women's basketball stars / 
I will not die an unlived life : reclaiming purpose and passion / 
Out of the mouths of babes : quips and quotes from wildly, witty women / 
The transformation of American air power / 
Death at Camp Pahoka : poems / 
Predators at risk in the Pacific Northwest / 
The pure and the impure / 
Enfants terribles : youth and femininity in the mass media in France, 1945-1968 / 
Perpetual motion : transforming shapes in the Renaissance from da Vinci to Montaigne / 
The third force : the rise of transnational civil society / 
Cooking the Italian way : revised and expanded to include new low-fat and vegetarian recipes / 
Fin de millénaire Budapest : metamorphoses of urban life / 
The concept of self : a study of black identity and self-esteem / 
When corporations leave town : the costs and benefits of metropolitan job sprawl / 
Black bishop : Edward T. Demby and the struggle for racial equality in the Episcopal Church / 
To loot my life clean : the Thomas Wolfe--Maxwell Perkins correspondence / 
Ministering to the Lord / 
Fast food for the soul : the road to power / 
Poetry slam : the competitive art of performance poetry / 
African skies / 
Back to the Bible : turning your life around with God's Word / 
Applied mythology / 
Community-building ideas for ministry with young teens / 
Communicating for managerial effectiveness / 
Families in later life : connections and transitions / 
Becoming a better value creator : how to improve the company's bottom line--and your own / 
Privacy and confidentiality of health information / 
Deep Souths : Delta, Piedmont, and Sea Island society in the age of segregation / 
Life of a Nazi soldier / 
Mark Twain / 
The home front : Americans protest the war / 
On the job : design and the American office / 
Russian organized crime and corruption : Putin's challenge : Global Organized Crime Project / 
Resilience education / 
The ladies' room reader : the ultimate women's trivia book / 
Information technology for schools : creating practical knowledge to improve student performance / 
Small, strong congregations : creating strengths and health for your congregation / 
Shaking up the schoolhouse : how to support and sustain educational innovation / 
Understanding faculty productivity : standards and benchmarks for colleges and universities / 
Ethiopia / 
The Spain of the Catholic Monarchs, 1474-1520 / 
Lauren McGill's pickle museum / 
A new Christian paradigm : the making of post-Protestant Christianity / 
What happened to history? / 
Open borders : the case against immigration controls / 
The unknown Marx : reconstructing a unified perspective / 
Under deadman's skin : discovering the meaning of children's violent play / 
Asia's emerging regional order : reconciling traditional and human security / 
The notorious astrological physician of London : works and days of Simon Forman / 
Tortured subjects : pain, truth, and the body in early modern France / 
Hollywood renegades : the Society of Independent Motion Picture Producers / 
With beauty before me : an inspirational guide for nature walks / 
Romanian rhapsody : an overlooked corner of Europe / 
Encyclopedia of travel literature / 
Heart-felt wool applique / 
Sets & sashings for quilts / 
Louie's search / 
Let this mind be in you / 
Rodale organic gardening basics. Volume 5, Herbs / 
Encyclopedia of birth control / 
Marine riser systems and subsea blowout preventers / 
Rodale organic gardening basics. Volume 6, Perennials / 
Rodale organic gardening basics. Volume 7, Pests / 
Choosing a career in agriculture / 
Everything you need to know about multiple sclerosis / 
Coping with vision disorders / 
Tina Modotti : image, texture, photography / 
Gigantic long-necked plant-eating dinosaurs : the prosauropods and sauropods / 
The Communist Party in Maryland, 1919-57 / 
Beyond cloth and cordage : archaeological textile research in the Americas / 
Chet Baker : his life and music / 
Stories for a cheerful heart / 
How to help beginning teachers succeed / 
Dance of the swan : a story about Anna Pavlova / 
Christians in a .com world : getting connected without being consumed / 
Electrifying time : Telechron and GE clocks, 1925-55 / 
Ronson's art metal works / 
Quilts : the fabric of friendship / 
Clean coastal waters : understanding and reducing the effects of nutrient pollution / 
Swords into market shares : technology, economics, and security in the new Russia / 
Apollo's eye : a cartographic genealogy of the earth in the western imagination / 
Because nothing looks like God / 
Neurological development from birth to six years : guide for examination and evaluation / 
Old Ocean City : the journal and photographs of Robert Craighead Walker, 1904-1916 / 
Parkinson's disease : a complete guide for patients and families / 
Life on an African slave ship / 
Frederick W. Lander : the great natural American soldier / 
The Swahili : the social landscape of a mercantile society / 
Economic events, ideas, and policies : the 1960s and after / 
What's God got to do with the American experiment? / 
The wigwam and the cabin / 
Dominican Republic / 
A piece of my soul : quilts by black Arkansans / 
The Old South frontier : cotton plantations and the formation of Arkansas society, 1819-1861 / 
Collected poems, 1952-1999 / 
The war / 
A fine kind of madness : mountaineering adventures, tall and true / 
Orozco in gringoland : the years in New York / 
Witnessing : beyond recognition / 
Sounds English : transnational popular music / 
How women saved the city / 
Secret dialogues : church-state relations, torture, and social justice in authoritarian Brazil / 
The postmodern presidency : Bill Clinton's legacy in U.S. politics / 
A history of environmental politics since 1945 / 
Maida Springer : Pan-Africanist and international labor leader / 
Pittsburgh sports : stories from the steel city / 
Imprisoned by secrets of the heart / 
Diary of a teenage girl : becoming me, by Caitlin O'Conner / 
Building more effective unions / 
Natural writer : a story about Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings / 
Living in the runaway West : partisan views from writers on the range / 
The Hollywood West : lives of film legends who shaped it / 
Desert honkytonk : the story of Tombstone's Bird Cage Theatre / 
John Chapman : the legendary Johnny Appleseed / 
Daniel Webster : liberty and union, now and forever / 
The Cuban Missile Crisis in American history / 
Using picture storybooks to teach character education / 
Cicadas / 
Pilots / 
What is an amphibian? / 
Ethiopia / 
What is a bird? / 
What is a fish? / 
What is an insect? / 
What is a mammal? / 
What is a reptile? / 
Water bugs / 
Wasps / 
Praying mantises / 
Moths / 
Russia and soul : an exploration / 
Oakville : jewel on the lake / 
Allergies / 
Origin of species : Darwin's theory of evolution / 
Engel v. Vitale : prayer in the public schools / 
Heart disease / 
Influential First Ladies / 
Life in Genghis Khan's Mongolia / 
Tennessee's New Deal landscape : a guidebook / 
Mail by the pail / 
Surviving the winter : the evolution of quiltmaking in New Mexico / 
The Goldhagen effect : history, memory, Nazism--facing the German past / 
Gun women : firearms and feminism in contemporary America / 
Black and multiracial politics in America / 
How about going for a ride / 
Mop's treasure hunt / 
Mr. Beetle / 
The stress myth / 
Numerical secrets of the Bible : rediscovering the Bible codes / 
Coaches / 
Mormon healer and folk poet : Mary Susannah Fowler's life of "unselfish usefulness" / 
Hamster chase / 
Pollyanna / 
Death on sacred ground / 
Failure is impossible! : the history of American women's rights / 
Medical ethics / 
Douglas MacArthur : brilliant general, controversial leader / 
The space shuttle Challenger disaster in American history / 
Manic depression : how to live while loving a manic depressive / 
Dental hygienists / 
Not a chance / 
Mexico / 
Cinqué of the Amistad and the slave trade in world history / 
Careers in animal care and veterinary science / 
Everything you need to know about measles and rubella / 
Management fads in higher education : where they come from, what they do, why they fail / 
Splash! / 
The big, big wall / 
Big Pig and Little Pig / 
Come here, Tiger / 
Marco's run / 
Daniel's mystery egg / 
Ireland / 
Comedy after postmodernism : rereading comedy from Edward Lear to Charles Willeford / 
Voice of freedom : a story about Frederick Douglass / 
Giraffe on fire / 
Knights unhorsed : internal conflict in a gilded age social movement / 
Willie's birthday / 
Pakistan / 
Spain / 
Until the daybreak / 
Making IT better : expanding information technology research to meet society's needs / 
The Orvis field guide to first aid for sporting dogs / 
Capital, class, and technology in contemporary American culture : projecting post-Fordism / 
Globalization and postmodern politics : from Zapatistas to high tech robber barons / 
Macedonia : the politics of identity and difference / 
Looking for Harlem : urban aesthetics in African American literature / 
Regulating football : commodification, consumption, and the law / 
Critique of exotica : music, politics, and the culture industry / 
The map that lies between us : new and collected poems, 1980-2000 / 
Courtship / 
Main battle tanks / 
Foolproof weight loss : lose it fast and keep it off guaranteed! / 
The reproductive system / 
Coping with cancer / 
Choosing a career in the pulp and paper industry / 
The roar on the other side : a guide for student poets / 
Turnaround : Bear Bryant's first year at Alabama / 
When you pray : making the Lord's prayer your own / 
Frantz Fanon : a spiritual biography / 
From kitchen to market : selling your gourmet food specialty / 
A fistful of rubles : the rise and fall of the Russian banking system / 
Performing live : aesthetic alternatives for the ends of art / 
Waiting for wings / 
The stuff of fiction : advice on craft / 
Bank tellers / 
Cashiers / 
Murdering masculinities : fantasies of gender and violence in the American crime novel / 
Two wheels north : cycling the West Coast in 1909 / 
Atlas of crime : mapping the criminal landscape / 
Using government information sources : electronic and print / 
The 10-step method of stress relief : decoding the meaning and significance of stress / 
Technology of fluoropolymers / 
Culturally-conscious worship / 
Covenant / 
Praise, anxiety, and other symptoms of grace / 
The radical team handbook : harnessing the power of team learning for breakthrough results / 
Galápagos Islands : nature's delicate balance at risk / 
Difficult people : dealing with almost anyone / 
Malaria, West Nile, and other mosquito-borne diseases / 
A. Philip Randolph : union leader and civil rights crusader / 
Matthew Henson : co-discoverer of the North Pole / 
Conflict resolution : the win-win situation / 
Cipollone v. Liggett Group : suing tobacco companies / 
Argentina / 
Horse sense : the story of Will Sasse, his horse Star, and the outlaw Jesse James / 
Transforming classroom grading / 
Art, music, and literature, 1897-1902 / 
The Washakie letters of Willie Ottogary, northwestern Shoshone journalist and leader, 1906-1929 / 
The age of the Antichrist / 
Divided hearts : Britain and the American Civil War / 
The cougar / 
By faith they went out : Mennonite missions, 1850-1999 / 
Divine intuition / 
A common glory / 
Walkingsticks / 
Pre-feeding skills : a comprehensive resource for mealtime development / 
Winning 42 : 
All that divides us : poems / 
Class, critics, and Shakespeare : bottom lines on the culture wars / 
Oceans / 
Rain forests / 
Wetlands / 
The Shawnee Indians / 
The dachshund / 
Extreme bicycle stunt riding moves / 
The adventures of a tropical tramp / 
The bloodhound / 
China / 
The Toronto terror / 
Nuclear medicine science syllabus / 
Joseph remembered : the father of Jesus / 
A season in the desert : making time holy / 
The Choctaw nation / 
Free stuff for doll lovers on the Internet / 
The Blue Angels : the U.S. Navy Flight Demonstration Squadron / 
The boxer / 
The Golden Knights : the U.S. Army parachute team / 
Deregulation of network industries : what's next? / 
Nuclear submarines / 
Germany / 
The Thunderbirds : the U.S. Air Force Aerial Demonstration Squadron / 
Supercarriers / 
Brazil / 
Canada / 
Egypt / 
Japan / 
Kenya / 
Respiratory physiology of newborn mammals : a comparative perspective / 
Downsiders / 
Matter and energy : principles of matter and thermodynamics / 
Eudora Welty and politics : did the writer crusade? / 
A law unto itself? : essays in the new Louisiana legal history / 
Snakes / 
The greyhound / 
Extreme in-line skating moves / 
Extreme skateboarding moves / 
Extreme snowboarding moves / 
Heaven's road / 
What to do when you don't know what to say / 
Johnny Appleseed / 
Coping with leukemia / 
Coping with schizophrenia / 
Careers in television / 
The old man : the biography of Walter J. Travis / 
Tropics of desire : interventions from queer Latino America / 
Behavior change & public health in the developing world / 
Blockbuster TV : must-see sitcoms in the network era / 
Surviving your dissertation : a comprehensive guide to content and process / 
Diagnosis in a multicultural context : a casebook for mental health professionals / 
Dual diagnosis : an integrated approach to treatment / 
From quarry to cornfield : the political economy of Mississippian Hoe production / 
Faces of Freedom Summer / 
Everybody's autonomy : connective reading and collective identity / 
Dolphins / 
Sea turtles / 
Rays / 
Seals / 
Sharks / 
Whales / 
What are inclined planes? / 
What are levers? / 
What are screws? / 
What are wheels and axles? / 
What are pulleys? / 
What are wedges? / 
Spirits and clocks : machine and organism in Descartes / 
The practice of persuasion : paradox and power in art history / 
Sir Walter and Mr. Jones : Walter Hagen, Bobby Jones, and the rise of American golf / 
Cultural dilemmas of progressive politics : styles of engagement among grassroots activists / 
Flirting with danger : young women's reflections on sexuality and domination / 
Saint Joseph's, Philadelphia's Jesuit university : 150 years / 
Divine feminine : theosophy and feminism in England / 
Haiti / 
From .com to .profit : inventing business models that deliver value and profit / 
Spiritual merchants : religion, magic, and commerce / 
The decline of Carlism / 
Valuing machinery and equipment : the fundamentals of appraising machinery and technical assets / 
Smallpox / 
Raoul Wallenberg : Swedish diplomat and humanitarian / 
An Archaic campsite in the Ozarks : test excavations at the Ryan Site (3MA233) / 
The masculine woman in America, 1890-1935 / 
Race, class, and power in the Alabama coalfields, 1908-21 / 
Every breath you take : stalking narratives and the law / 
Narrative prosthesis : disability and the dependencies of discourse / 
Warless societies and the origin of war / 
Civil rights : the struggle for Black equality / 
Frank Sinatra / 
Women pop stars / 
Coping with mental illness / 
Cholera / 
Frisco pigeon mambo / 
Explorations in cultural history / 
News, crime and culture / 
Coping with lyme disease / 
A house for My name : a survey of the Old Testament / 
Rescue helicopters / 
Fire engines / 
Police cars / 
Waste incineration & public health / 
Deserts / 
Temperate forests / 
Grasslands / 
Chile's political culture and parties : an anthropological explanation / 
Hidden treasure / 
Waterlings / 
The giving heart : unlocking the transformative power of generosity in our lives / 
Evening star / 
God's will, God's best for your life / 
Parenting the wild child : hope for those with an out of control teenager / 
Loose diamonds : a novel / 
Spiritual homecoming : a Catholic priest's journey to Judaism / 
The great galaxy goof / 
The Cheyenne / 
Deferring democracy : promoting openness in authoritarian regimes / 
Anacondas / 
Down syndrome / 
Curiosity : a cultural history of early modern inquiry / 
Ethical issues in human cloning : cross-disciplinary perspectives / 
Always beginning : essays on a life in poetry / 
The prymer : the prayer book of the medieval era adapted for contemporary use / 
The Shoshone people / 
Stirring the head, heart, and soul : redefining curriculum and instruction / 
The green pharmacy herbal handbook : your comprehensive reference to the best herbs for healing / 
The young zillionaire's guide to supply and demand / 
What God whispers in the night / 
I shall sign as Loui / 
Northern and Western Asia / 
The Jews of early modern Venice / 
Whitney Museum of American Art / 
Flying horses : poems / 
Allen Iverson : star guard / 
The Cleveland Orchestra story : second to none / 
The Canadian Forces Snowbirds : 431 Air Demonstration Squadron / 
Photographers / 
Ambulances / 
Tim Hardaway : star guard / 
A guide to the Joseph Smith papyri / 
The Arizona guide / 
American opera / 
Something wonderful / 
The John Hancock Center / 
Sandy : the sandhill crane who joined our family / 
Oromo democracy : an indigenous African political system / 
Tuberculosis / 
Everything you need to know about custody / 
Cue Lazarus / 
The world and the wild / 
The ethics of community / 
Derek Jeter / 
Understanding social problems : issues in social policy / 
The Zero-G headache / 
Silver moon / 
Campaign finance reform / 
Unconventional wisdom : alternative perspectives on the new economy / 
Turkey's Transformation and American Policy / 
Hang separately : cooperative security between the United States and Russia, 1985-1994 / 
Miwoks to missiles : a history of Angel Island / 
Preventing burnout and building engagement : a complete program for organizational renewal / 
The joy of living at 85 : 
Beyond six billion : forecasting the world's population / 
S is for sunshine : a Florida alphabet / 
A wish to be a Christmas tree / 
The legend of the teddy bear / 
Great white sharks / 
Vampire bats / 
Wolves / 
The rose legacy / 
Suncatchers / 
Please pray for us / 
Textures of place : exploring humanist geographies / 
Southwestern medical dictionary : Spanish-English, English-Spanish / 
From the earth to the moon / 
Material events : Paul de Man and the afterlife of theory / 
The Sermon on the Mount : the church's first statement of the Gospel / 
Soli Deo gloria : 
Cherish the Word : reflections on Luther's spirituality / 
Succeeding in the secondary classroom : strategies for middle and high school teachers / 
The lighthouse devotional / 
Gleam and Glow / 
Animal minds : beyond cognition to consciousness / 
New York murder mystery : the true story behind the crime crash of the 1990s / 
Her way : young women remake the sexual revolution / 
How to publish your poetry / 
Columbus Day : celebrating a famous explorer / 
Medical and musical byways of Mozartiana / 
Unearthing garden mysteries : experiments for kids / 
Curtains up! : theatre games and storytelling / 
Native American games and stories / 
Teaching reading with multicultural books kids love / 
Horned dinosaurs : the Ceratopsians / 
Mercury : the first planet / 
Peaceful plant-eating dinosaurs : the iguanodonts, duckbills, and other ornithopods/ 
The Moon : earth's companion in space / 
Geometry / 
Seeds of hope : a physician's personal triumph over prostate cancer / 
Revolting youth : the further journals of Nick Twisp / 
Always in style : the essential guide to hair, makeup & skin care / 
Tuscaloosa : centennial progress, millennial hopes / 
Molly and Emmett's camping adventure / 
Mop's backyard concert / 
Preaching resurrection / 
Hope amid the ruins : the ethics of Israel's prophets / 
The legacy of Isaiah Berlin / 
Skyscraper rivals : the AIG Building and the architecture of Wall Street / 
You and an illness in your family / 
Patient education : a practical approach / 
Culture, structure & agency : toward a truly multidimensional society / 
The Internet and health communication : experiences and expectations / 
Alcohol and your liver : the incredibly disgusting story / 
The Old Testament and process theology / 
Handbook of postmodern biblical interpretation / 
From the housetops : preaching in the early church and today / 
A people born to slavery : Russia in early modern European ethnography, 1476-1748 / 
Sandy Chism : a survey : July 9 - August 13, 2000, Contemporary Arts Center, New Orleans / 
Health science projects about your senses / 
Stealth fighters and bombers / 
The intersection of race, class, and gender in multicultural counseling / 
The new handbook of organizational communication : advances in theory, research, and methods / 
Becoming intercultural : an integrative theory of communication and cross-cultural adaptation / 
Air Force aircraft / 
The 1930s : from the Great Depression to the Wizard of Oz / 
Madam C.J. Walker : self-made millionaire / 
Booker T. Washington : leader and educator / 
Fed by God's grace : communion prayers for Year C / 
Feminist reconstructions in psychology : narrative, gender, and performance / 
Recent theories of human development / 
Women, work, and family : balancing and weaving / 
Discovering the leader in you : a guide to realizing your personal leadership potential / 
The project manager's MBA : how to translate project decisions into business success / 
Trucks / 
Motorbikes / 
Trains / 
Emergency vehicles / 
The right to be Nuba : the story of a Sudanese people's struggle for survival / 
Life can be a wild ride : more prayers by young teens / 
Psychotherapy and counseling with Asian American clients : a practical guide / 
Dream a little dream / 
Flip-flop fishing / 
Dog paws and sandy claws / 
An introduction to the foundations of Lutheran education / 
Every day is Saturday : a Christian guide to a fantastic retirement / 
That I may be His own : an overview of Luther's catechisms / 
A Christmas filled with miracles : inspiring stories for the magic of the season / 
George Henry White : an even chance in the race of life / 
Sewanee writers on writing / 
Ghost writer / 
American evangelical Christianity : an introduction / 
The medieval cathedral / 
Antitrust goes global : what future for transatlantic cooperation? / 
Services trade in the Western Hemisphere : liberalization, integration, and reform / 
Woody Guthrie : America's folksinger / 
Storms and people / 
Mother kirk : essays and forays in practical ecclesiology / 
Kevin Garnett / 
Michelle Kwan / 
Sheryl Swoopes / 
ESP / 
The jaguar / 
Jordan / 
Leaders and generals / 
Forever friends / 
China's trial by fire : the Shanghai War of 1932 / 
Between amateur and aesthete : the legitimization of photography as art in America, 1880-1900 / 
Adventism and the American republic : the public involvement of a major apocalyptic movement / 
Beating the casinos at their own game / 
When the glass slipper doesn't fit / 
The online trading survival guide : an indispensable handbook for today's wired investor / 
A matter of diamonds : a Faith Abbey mystery / 
For appearance' sake : the historical encyclopedia of good looks, beauty, and grooming / 
SQL/400 developer's guide / 
The transnational capitalist class / 
Managing financial and corporate distress : lessons from Asia / 
Exchange rate politics in Latin America / 
The Internet economy : access, taxes, and market structure / 
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical / 
Everything you need to know about cystic fibrosis / 
Microbes and people : an A-Z of microorganisms in our lives / 
Everything you need to know about social anxiety / 
A woman's guide to personal holiness : a biblical study for developing a holy lifestyle / 
To each his own / 
The glass bees / 
The wine-dark sea / 
Milton and the preaching arts / 
Air show pilots and airplanes / 
The deep time diaries : as recorded by Neesha and Jon Olifee / 
Tuning of industrial control systems / 
The evidence of things not said : James Baldwin and the promise of American democracy / 
Encyclopedia of prisoners of war and internment / 
Who fights? who cares? : war and humanitarian action in Africa / 
Introduction to court interpreting / 
Moving target : theatre translation and cultural relocation / 
A social constructivist approach to translator education : empowerment from theory to practice / 
Divorce : finding a place / 
Hardened images : the Western media and the marginalization of Africa / 
Eyes on the Cross : a guide for contemplation / 
K.I.S.S. guide to Microsoft Windows : covers Windows 98 and Windows 98 second edition / 
How to publish your nonfiction book / 
Cascade alpine guide : climbing and high routes / 
BirthMarks : transracial adoption in contemporary America / 
Charon's ferry : fifty poems / 
On becoming teenwise : building a relationship that lasts a lifetime / 
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school / 
Elegant Seneca victorian depression modern / 
Furnished dollhouses, 1880s-1980s : [with price guide] / 
A century of carnival glass / 
Multiplication and division / 
Changing patient behavior : improving outcomes in health and disease management / 
The navy in action / 
The Coast Guard in action / 
The Pony express in American history / 
Delfino's journey / 
Fitzgerald, Hemingway, and the Twenties / 
The geographical imagination in America, 1880-1950 / 
Ambition, rank, and poetry in 1590s England / 
Truth to tell : German women's autobiographies and turn-of-the-century culture / 
Here and there in Mexico : the travel writings of Mary Ashley Townsend / 
Widows by the thousand : the Civil War letters of Theophilus and Harriet Perry, 1862-1864 / 
Fort Reno and the Indian Territory frontier / 
Geography of the forehead / 
Sure seaters : the emergence of art house cinema / 
Chair in the desert : poems / 
Jump up : good times throughout the seasons with  celebrations from around the world / 
Buddhist acts of compassion / 
Don't rock the float / 
Face the music / 
The family man : a novel / 
Body & soul : walking with God to total health / 
When a hug won't fix the hurt : walking with your child through crisis / 
Saint Katharine Drexel, friend of the oppressed / 
Human societies : an introduction / 
The New England country tavern / 
The United States and imperialism / 
Butterflies : pollinators and nectar-sippers / 
Dolphins : fins, flippers, and flukes / 
Frogs : leaping amphibians / 
Sharks : hunters of the deep / 
Spiders : spinners and trappers / 
Wolves : life in the pack / 
Alana : a novel / 
Circe, goodnight : a novel / 
Dueling visions : U.S. strategy toward Eastern Europe under Eisenhower / 
The collected songs of Cold Mountain / 
Pope John XXIII : a spiritual biography / 
At the side of Ruth : a multiple-ending Bible adventure / 
Thomas Hart Benton and the Indiana murals / 
Antique ice skates for the collector / 
Supply chain management / 
Adolf Hitler : a biographical companion / 
Solitary wasps : behavior and natural history / 
Healthy snack and fast-food choices / 
Food and emotions / 
Do little mermaids wet their beds? / 
Snow in Jerusalem / 
A baby's coming to your house! / 
Cinderdog and the wicked stepcat / 
Girl, you're amazing! / 
The best single mom in the world : how I was adopted / 
Winning strategies for classroom management / 
Assessing & reporting on habits of mind / 
Go down to silence : a novel / 
International conflict resolution after the Cold War / 
Productive aging : concepts and challenges / 
Ecosystem change and public health : a global perspective / 
Sourcebook on violence against women / 
The immune system / 
Choosing a career in the military / 
The skeletal system / 
Choosing a career as a model / 
Careers in the movies / 
A history of U.S. involvement / 
Czech Republic / 
Phobias / 
Presidents and scandals / 
An outlaw in my heart : a political activist's user's manual / 
Life on a goat farm / 
Reinventing Japan : immigration's role in shaping Japan's future / 
After Clausewitz : German military thinkers before the Great War / 
River flowing from the sunrise : an environmental history of the lower San Juan / 
The power of faith / 
Pleasure dome : new and collected poems / 
Preparing your capital campaign / 
Asking the right questions : techniques for collaboration and school change / 
How the brain learns : a classroom teacher's guide / 
Shaping sanctuary : proclaiming God's grace in an inclusive church / 
The limits of autobiography : trauma and testimony / 
My heart is a large kingdom : selected letters of Margaret Fuller / 
Literature and nation in the sixteenth century : inventing Renaissance France / 
Only bread, only light : poems / 
Orpheus & Eurydice : a lyric sequence / 
Cool, calm & collected : poems, 1960-2000 / 
Bella donna : a Renaissance mystery novel / 
A world in focus : a unique text for social studies. Central and South America / 
When objects talk : solving a crime with science / 
Personal resources and faithfulness to God / 
The Santa Barbara County Courthouse / 
Historical Staffordshire : American patriots & views / 
Transnational cooperation among labor unions / 
Pantaloons and power : nineteenth-century dress reform in the United States / 
Nicky the swamp dog : a true story / 
Nuclear power : a reference handbook / 
The secret under the tree / 
Benny's Saturday surprise / 
1, 2, 3 for you and me / 
Quilting with the Muppets : 15 fun and creative patterns / 
School violence / 
Life in ancient Egypt / 
John Glenn / 
Norway / 
Bears : paws, claws, and jaws / 
When Oberlin was king of the gridiron : the Heisman years / 
Mine hunting ships / 
Smithsonian Institution secretary, Charles Doolittle Walcott / 
Worldviews and the American West : the life of the place itself / 
Setting solutions / 
The lost art of caring : a challenge to health professionals, families, communities, and society / 
Taking science to the moon : lunar experiments and the Apollo Program / 
Doughboys, the Great War, and the remaking of America / 
Criminality and narrative in eighteenth-century England : beyond the law / 
No place like home : a history of nursing and home care in the United States / 
Strong words : writing & social strain in the Italian Renaissance / 
Comic book nation : the transformation of youth culture in America / 
Seasons of the mind / 
The 14th Dalai Lama / 
Muhammad Ali / 
Steven Spielberg / 
Earthworms : underground burrowers / 
Nightworks : poems, 1962-2000 / 
The power of affirmative faith / 
Attentive to God : spirituality in the church committee / 
God, creation, and all that jazz : a process of composition and improvisation / 
Gem / 
One puppy, three tales / 
Mexican-origin people in the United States : a topical history / 
Winning the Dust Bowl / 
Stupidity / 
True tales from another Mexico : the Lynch Mob, the Popsicle Kings, Chalino, and the Bronx / 
Palace-burner : the selected poetry of Sarah Piatt / 
Political science as puzzle solving / 
Who is my neighbor? : stories / 
A path between houses / 
Ejo : poems, Rwanda, 1991-1994 / 
In times of crisis : essays on European culture, Germans, and Jews / 
Mastering the AS/400 : a practical, hands-on guide / 
Deadly sin / 
Young cowboy / 
The book tree : a Christian reference for children's literature / 
Colors of Russia / 
A world in focus. North America : a unique text for social studies / 
The world weaver : a novel / 
Cortés and the conquest of the Aztec Empire in world history / 
P.T. Barnum : genius of the three-ring circus / 
The rules to be cool : etiquette and netiquette / 
Views of Mackinac Island / 
The heart of Matthew Jade / 
Proportionalism : for and against / 
Inner-city kids : adolescents confront life and violence in an urban community / 
A peculiar crusade : Willis M. Everett and the Malmedy massacre / 
Coping when someone in your family has cancer / 
Everything you need to know about cliques / 
Everything you need to know about credit cards and fiscal responsibility / 
Coping with dangers on the Internet : staying safe on-line / 
Careers in Web design / 
The digestive system / 
The correspondence of Ezra Pound and Senator William Borah / 
Evelyn Scott : recovering a lost modernist / 
States of exception : everyday life and postcolonial identity / 
Saint Ignatius of Loyola : for the greater glory of God / 
Home visiting : procedures for helping families / 
Generalized linear models : a unified approach / 
Drilling a straight hole / 
Soaring bald eagles / 
The preaching event / 
Without moral limits : women, reproduction, and medical technology / 
Teaching our children to read : the components of an effective, comprehensive reading program / 
Keep or sell your business : how to make the decision every private company faces / 
Living from the center : spirituality in an age of consumerism / 
Vancouver : a portrait of prosperity / 
Intelligent systems for engineers and scientists / 
The clinical practice of complementary, alternative, and Western medicine / 
War machines : transforming technologies in the U.S. military, 1920-1940 / 
The lost sea / 
Lafayette of the South : Prince Camille de Polignac and the American Civil War / 
Northland wildflowers : the comprehensive guide to the Minnesota region / 
You are here / 
Creating the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) / 
Lone Star picture shows / 
You and violence in your family / 
Fission / 
Little songs in the shade of Tamaara / 
Women's rights / 
London : claiming the future / 
Getting past your past : finding freedom from the pain of regret / 
Combing through your scraps / 
Charm quilts with style / 
Santa Barraza, artist of the borderlands / 
American Indian literature, environmental justice, and ecocriticism : the middle place / 
The voice of the dawn : an autohistory of the Abenaki nation / 
Mars / 
Radical equations : math literacy and civil rights / 
The debate over slavery : antislavery and proslavery liberalism in antebellum America / 
Landscape with smokestacks : the case of the allegedly plundered Degas / 
Vagrancy, homelessness, and English Renaissance literature / 
Alister MacKenzie's Cypress Point Club / 
Nelson Mandela and apartheid in world history / 
Famous persons we have known : poems / 
ProLife answers to proChoice arguments / 
Christmas--celebrating life, giving, and kindness / 
The Bhagavad Gita according to Gandhi / 
Block magic : over 50 fun & easy blocks made from squares and rectangles / 
Order and disorder / 
A sense of place : Montgomery's architectural heritage / 
Peacekeeping and peace enforcement in Africa : methods of conflict prevention / 
Esteemed colleagues : civility and deliberation in the U.S. Senate / 
The muscular system / 
Horse angels / 
Bishop of the Resistance : a life of Eivind Berggrav, Bishop of Oslo, Norway / 
Global warming : a threat to our future / 
No one can stem the tide : selected poems, 1931-1991 / 
Wisdom of the sadhu : teachings of Sundar Singh / 
Life in a medieval monastery / 
Taiwan / 
Jesse Ventura / 
Eating disorders / 
Empires of Mesopotamia / 
Pirates / 
Better than best / 
Get God : make friends with the King of the universe / 
Wise up : stand clear of the unsmartness of sin / 
Floral stitches : an illustrated guide to floral stitchery / 
Attack helicopters : the AH-64 Apaches / 
High-altitude spy planes : the U-2s / 
All for animals : tips and inspiration for living a more compassionate life / 
Supersonic fighters : the F-16 Fighting Falcons / 
Journey of love : a guide for the grieving / 
Life in Communist Russia / 
On the backroad to heaven : Old Order Hutterites, Mennonites, Amish, and Brethren / 
The Eiffel Tower / 
The flawless consulting fieldbook & companion : a guide to understanding your expertise / 
Changing patterns of management development / 
Stories of young pioneers in their own words / 
Sticks / 
Animals nobody loves / 
Annie Pitts, artichoke / 
Stand tall / 
Democracy and development in Mali / 
Unspun : key concepts for understanding the World Wide Web / 
Andy Warhol : pioneer of pop art / 
The bears of Katmai : Alaska's famous brown bears / 
Monterey Peninsula : a Cypress shore / 
Discovering and (re)covering the seventeenth century religious lyric / 
Death : coping with the pain / 
Coxcomb variations / 
High blood pressure / 
Religious sites in America : a dictionary / 
Gold rush dogs / 
Food safety : a reference handbook / 
Demography of the Dobe !Kung / 
Solutions for an environment in peril / 
Mad about macaroni / 
Hear that? / 
The other dog / 
The tale of Peter Rabbit / 
Harley / 
Indira Gandhi : daughter of India / 
Human natures : genes, cultures, and the human prospect / 
Asteroids, comets & meteors / 
Jupiter / 
Mercury / 
Moon / 
Uranus, Neptune & Pluto / 
Saturn / 
Sun / 
Venus / 
No man's garden : Thoreau and a new vision for civilization and nature / 
Nature and the marketplace : capturing the value of ecosystem services / 
Rethinking mixed race / 
Understanding Disney : the manufacture of fantasy / 
Shaping losses : cultural memory and the Holocaust / 
Fluid arguments : five centuries of western water conflict / 
Father, we thank you / 
Politics in the trenches : citizens, politicians, and the fate of democracy / 
Maps and mirrors : topologies of art and politics / 
Forests under fire : a century of ecosystem mismanagement in the Southwest / 
The patience of ice / 
Getting over the color green : contemporary environmental literature of the Southwest / 
Borders of being : citizenship, fertility, and sexuality in Asia and the Pacific / 
The construction of minorities : cases for comparison across time and around the world / 
The bonds of labor : German journeys to the working world, 1890-1990 / 
Schiller's wound : the theater of trauma from crisis to commodity / 
The return of the wolf : reflections on the future of wolves in the Northeast / 
William James's "Springs of delight" : the return to life / 
Habits of hope : a pragmatic theory / 
Baudelaire and the poetics of modernity / 
Hartshorne and Brightman on God, process, and persons : the correspondence, 1922-1945 / 
A life in the balance : the memoirs of Stanley J. Winkelman / 
In the nursery : creative quilts and designer touches / 
Journey to the end of the earth / 
Wind : a novel / 
The Stonewycke legacy / 
Retrieving experience : subjectivity and recognition in feminist politics / 
Three women in dark times : Edith Stein, Hannah Arendt, Simone Weil, or Amor fati, amor mundi  / 
National parks and rural development : practice and policy in the  United States / 
Nature out of place : biological invasions in the global age / 
A guide to careers in community development / 
The great Gulf : fishermen, scientists, and the struggle to revive the world's greatest fishery / 
Across the Great Divide : explorations in collaborative conservation and the American West / 
Wet magic / 
Revolution : international dimensions / 
Stealth bombers : the B-2 Spirits / 
Blessed are the hungry : meditations on the Lord's Supper / 
Nectar & ambrosia : an encyclopedia of food in world mythology / 
Rhetoric as currency : Hoover, Roosevelt, and the Great Depression / 
Protecting the commons : a framework for resource management in the Americas / 
Cultural pluralism and dilemmas of justice / 
Casas Grandes and its hinterland : prehistoric regional organization in northwest Mexico / 
The gazer within / 
The elements of rhetoric / 
Castruccio Castrucani, or, The triumph of Lucca : a tragedy / 
The inside-outside book of Texas / 
You and your parents' divorce / 
The right to vote / 
Mood management leader's manual : a cognitive-behavioral skills building program for adolescents / 
The changing conversation in America : lectures from the Smithsonian / 
Leaders helping leaders : a practical guide to administrative mentoring / 
Marketing and consumer identity in multicultural America / 
Hillwood Museum & Gardens : Marjorie Merriweather Post's art collector's personal museum / 
Adolf Hitler : a study in hate / 
The right to privacy / 
Coping when a brother or sister is autistic / 
The nature of Native American poetry / 
Cars / 
Arthritis / 
Multiple sclerosis / 
Cancer / 
Epilepsy / 
Wash, scrub, brush! / 
Supermom / 
Nobody knew what to do : a story about bullying / 
No bad news / 
Ben, king of the river / 
The best of times : more clues to the meaning of life / 
Revolutionary forgiveness : essays on Judaism, Christianity, and the future of religious life / 
Tidings of peace / 
Serenity Bay : a novel / 
I want my mummy / 
The mystery of the painted snake / 
The mystery of the golden reindeer  / 
Shielding the poor : social protection in the developing world / 
Super sports star Gary Payton / 
One dark night / 
A building history of northern New England / 
Generation exodus : the fate of young Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany / 
Tulane : the emergence of a modern university, 1945-1980 / 
The Greenwich guide to measuring time / 
The Greenwich guide to the seasons / 
The Greenwich guide to day and night / 
Einstein's unfinished symphony : listening to the sounds of space-time / 
Dictionary of early Christian literature / 
African spirituality : forms, meanings, and expressions / 
Warren G. Harding : our twenty-ninth president / 
America becoming : racial trends and their consequences / 
Life's best chapter, retirement / 
Essays in honor of John F. Ohl : a compendium of American musicology / 
A double garland : poetry and art-song in early-nineteenth-century Russia / 
The book of Lamentations : a meditation and translation / 
The rise and fall of Synanon : a California utopia / 
Saudi Arabia / 
Understanding Hamlet / 
Attention deficit disorder / 
Austria / 
Tom Cruise / 
Patterns : what comes next? / 
Size : many ways to measure / 
Shapes : discovering flats and solids / 
Sets : sorting into groups / 
Numbers : counting it up / 
Fractions : making fair shares / 
All together now : creating middle-class schools through public school choice / 
Thomas Jefferson : our third president / 
Millard Fillmore : our 13th president / 
Abraham Lincoln : our sixteenth president / 
Zachary Taylor : our twelfth president / 
James Madison : our fourth president / 
George Washington : our first president / 
James Monroe : our fifth president / 
William Howard Taft : our 27th president / 
Southern and eastern Asia / 
Screws / 
Inclined planes and wedges / 
Graced by lace : a guide for collectors of antique linen and lace / 
Contemporary marbles and related art glass / 
Lewis Creek lost and found / 
Anni Albers : selected writings on design / 
Postcolonialism : an historical introduction / 
The 2000 prune book : how to succeed in Washington's top jobs / 
The contingency theory of organizations / 
The handbook of social work research methods / 
Information technology and organizational transformation : 
Connecting character to conduct : helping students do the right things / 
Unfinished message : selected works of Toshio Mori / 
Eldorado : adventures in the path of empire / 
Picnic / 
Thing! / 
Deserts of the heart : finding God during the dry times / 
From the ground up : environmental racism and the rise of the environmental justice movement / 
Retiring right : planning for a successful retirement / 
Annapurna : 50 years of expeditions into the death zone / 
McGoorty : a pool room hustler / 
Experiencing revival / 
Take stock! : a roadmap to profiting from your first walk down Wall Street / 
Martin Van Buren : our eighth president / 
Women and the conquest of California, 1542-1840 : codes of silence / 
Understanding the Arizona Constitution / 
Anarchist modernism : art, politics, and the first American avant-garde / 
Class act : the jazz life of choreographer Cholly Atkins / 
Holding up more than half the sky : Chinese women garment workers in New York city, 1948-92 / 
Ruins and rivals : the making of Southwest archaeology / 
African-American mayors : race, politics, and the American city / 
Ties that bind : economic and political dilemmas of urban utility networks, 1800-1990 / 
The politics of democratization in Korea : the role of civil society / 
Ritual and pilgrimage in the ancient Andes : the islands of the sun and the moon / 
Regional fictions : culture and identity in nineteenth-century American literature / 
Out of the dead house : nineteenth-century women physicians and the writing of medicine / 
Grafting Helen : the abduction of the classical past / 
Max Ernst and alchemy : a magician in search of myth / 
Brazil in the new decade : searching for a future / 
Catching big fish on light fly tackle / 
Studs, tools, and the family jewels : metaphors men live by / 
Robert F. Kennedy : a spiritual biography / 
Warm disease theory : Wēn bìng xué / 
The Philadelphia inquirer's guide to historic Philadelphia / 
Prudence Crandall, teacher for equal rights / 
Life on a cattle farm / 
California earthquakes : science, risk, and the politics of hazard mitigation / 
After suicide : living with the questions / 
Everything you need to know about chicken pox and shingles  / 
Adolf Eichmann : engineer of death / 
Back home : journeys through Mobile / 
Out at work : building a gay-labor alliance / 
Murder, culture, and injustice : four sensational cases in American history / 
The modern presidency & civil rights : rhetoric on race from Roosevelt to Nixon / 
Cheap psychological tricks for lovers : 55 savvy strategies for the romantically challenged / 
Froggy eats out / 
Reworking the student departure puzzle / 
St. Joseph in Italian Renaissance society and art : new directions and interpretations / 
You, your friends, and your family / 
A notion at risk : preserving public education as an engine for social mobility / 
Rutherford B. Hayes : our nineteenth president / 
The rights of the accused / 
The eye's mind : literary modernism and visual culture / 
Neural prostheses for restoration of sensory and motor function / 
Entrepreneurship.com / 
Six Jewish spiritual paths : a rationalist looks at spirituality / 
Catechist's guide / 
Faith and reason : the Notre Dame symposium 1999 / 
Morality : the Catholic view / 
Shakespearean variations / 
North Dallas forty / 
Q is for quark : a science alphabet book / 
Fawn Island / 
Dancing desires : choreographing sexualities on and off the stage / 
The philosophers' club / 
The discipline of architecture 
Exhibiting mestizaje : Mexican (American) museums in the diaspora / 
Legal writing in plain English : a text with exercises / 
Farewell to Prague / 
Confessions of Brother Eli : a novel / 
Time in the ditch : American philosophy and the McCarthy era / 
Senses in living things / 
Living with P.C.O.S. : polycystic ovary syndrome / 
Spradley Hollow habitations : four rock shelters and a historic homestead / 
Facilitating online learning : effective strategies for moderators / 
Becoming a better teacher : eight innovations that work / 
Authentic Chinese cuisine for the contemporary kitchen / 
Belonging : creating community in the classroom / 
Building Urban Little Schools : where every child succeeds with dignity / 
Life of an American soldier / 
Governance in a globalizing world / 
The Mary Surratt "Lincoln assassination" trial : a headline court case / 
Girl beside him / 
Culture in the marketplace : gender, art, and value in the American Southwest / 
The boundaries of freedom of expression & order in American democracy / 
Let's count the raindrops / 
Schooner passage : sailing ships and the Lake Michigan frontier / 
Color lines : affirmative action, immigration, and civil rights options for America / 
Of counselors and kings : the three versions of Pierre Salmon's Dialogues / 
House of poured-out waters : poems / 
For the joy set before us : Augustine and self-denying love / 
The right to bear arms / 
The 1920s : from Prohibition to Charles Lindbergh / 
In her footsteps : 101 remarkable Black women from the Queen of Sheba to Queen Latifah / 
Elms, arms, & ivy : New Haven in the twentieth century / 
Good-bye tonsils! / 
My best friend moved away / 
Mother Mother I feel sick, send for the doctor, quick quick quick / 
Celibacy, culture, and society : the anthropology of sexual abstinence / 
The salt hour : poems / 
Poetry lover / 
Muenscher's keys to woody plants : an expanded guide to native and cultivated species / 
Oomph! / 
Wildflower album : appliqué & embroidery patterns / 
Baseball : an encyclopedia of popular culture / 
AQS 2000 Quilt Exposition : 
The temptation of innocence : living in the age of entitlement / 
Whole-scale change : unleashing the magic in organizations / 
Representations of the social : bridging theoretical traditions / 
Abolishing performance appraisals : why they backfire and what to do instead / 
Fading : one family's journey with a woman silenced by Alzheimers / 
Ruled out / 
Crashed, smashed, and mashed : a trip to junkyard heaven / 
Dripping dry : literature, politics, and water in the desert Southwest / 
Carrots, sticks, and ethnic conflict : rethinking development assistance / 
Africa and the West : a documentary history from the slave trade to independence / 
How to evaluate and improve your grants effort / 
Encyclopedia of women's travel and exploration / 
Anderson : shining star of the South / 
Baroque bodies : psychoanalysis and the culture of French absolutism / 
Kiss guide to pregnancy / 
Pulsation of love / 
Understanding eating disorder support groups / 
Smokejumpers : life fighting fires / 
Daddy Island / 
Babushka / 
Wildlife-habitat relationships in Oregon and Washington / 
Children of other worlds : exploitation in the global market / 
The Alger Hiss communist spy trial : a headline court case / 
Mathew Brady : photographer of the Civil War / 
Creating a year-long theme : a teacher's journey : for multi-age and single-age classrooms / 
Embracing Persephone : how to be the mother you want for the daughter you cherish / 
Love and logic magic when kids leave you speechless / 
The Mayans / 
Australia, the Pacific, and Antarctica / 
Levers / 
Hollywood v. hard core : how the struggle over censorship saved the modern film industry / 
Dance hall days : intimacy and leisure among working-class immigrants in the United States / 
From subjects to subjectivities : a handbook of interpretive and participatory methods / 
Crazy Horse : a photographic biography / 
Black Hawk helicopter / 
Russian intelligence services / 
For the people : inside the Los Angeles District Attorney's Office, 1850-2000 / 
Memory and history in Christianity and Judaism / 
Harriet and George's Christmas treat / 
Trick-or-treat on Milton Street / 
Useful knowledge : the Victorians, morality, and the march of intellect / 
Subject to colonialism : African self-fashioning and the colonial library / 
Sports great Tiger Woods / 
Alabama : a state of mind / 
Unfolding beauty : celebrating California's landscapes / 
Returning the gaze : a genealogy of Black film criticism, 1909-1949 / 
Health science projects about heredity / 
From neurons to neighborhoods : the science of early child development / 
Future crossings : literature between philosophy and cultural studies / 
My Indian peregrinations : the private letters of Charles Stewart Hardinge, 1844-1847 / 
God's lesser glory : the diminished God of open theism / 
Dreams of a more perfect union / 
Cinema and the city : film and urban societies in a global context / 
Cheetahs / 
Jeremiah and Lamentations : from sorrow to hope / 
Jaguars / 
Leopards / 
Lions / 
Mountain lions / 
Dolphins / 
Sea otters / 
Walruses / 
Sea of swords / 
Elephants / 
Hippos / 
Rhinos / 
Zebras / 
Giraffes / 
The Common Grill cookbook / 
AIDS / 
The plague / 
The concept of sin / 
The second spring of the Church in America / 
Partners with the sun : South Carolina photographers, 1840-1940 / 
Drowned lands : poems / 
Without a witness : poems / 
Understanding Fred Chappell / 
Whole-scale change toolkit : tools for unleashing the magic in  organizations / 
The glorious prodigal / 
Sisters of the Confederacy / 
Finney on revival / 
As you wish / 
K.I.S.S guide to weight loss / 
Octopuses / 
Trouble times ten / 
Funding virtue : civil society aid and democracy promotion / 
The confessions of Inés : a novel / 
Speaking through the mask : Hannah Arendt and the politics of social identity / 
Mastering online investing / 
The sixth market : the electronic investor revolution / 
Play with "a" and "t" / 
Photographic cases : Victorian design sources, 1840-1870 / 
Still waters : poems / 
Contemporary African art : five artists, diverse trends / 
Going native : Indians in the American cultural imagination / 
Such news of the land : U.S. women nature writers / 
Postmodern interpretations of the Bible : a reader / 
Cerámica : Mexican pottery of the 20th century / 
The best of shaving mugs / 
Centennial stories / 
The third hand : collaboration in art from conceptualism to postmodernism / 
Rac(e)ing to the right : selected essays of George S. Schuyler / 
Celebrating covenant : a resource for worship / 
Soul care : facing life with God / 
KISS guide to sex / 
Readings in classical Chinese philosophy / 
Perfect love : a novel / 
Buttered side down : stories / 
The right to freedom from searches / 
Careers in magazine publishing / 
The defamation of Pius XII / 
Golf and the American country club / 
On firm ground : photographs / 
Banished immortal : searching for Shuangqing, China's peasant woman poet / 
Questioning authority : stories told in school / 
Human rights : concepts, contests, contingencies / 
Risking the dream / 
The art of machine piecing : how to achieve quality workmanship through a colorful journey / 
Essentials of the Islamic faith / 
Prophet Muhammad : aspects of his life / 
Beyond failure : discovering grace and hope in the hard times of life / 
Play with "e" and "d" / 
Play with "i" and "g" / 
Play with "o" and "g" / 
Play with "u" and "g" / 
Short "a" and long "a" play a game / 
Short "e" and long "e" play a game / 
Short "i" and long "i" play a game / 
Short "o" and Long "o" play a game / 
Short "u" and long "u" play a game / 
Questions and answers about faith / 
Runaway teens : a hot issue / 
Top 10 baseball legends / 
The one who leaves never returns : a novel / 
Into the air : the story of the Wright brothers' first flight / 
Exploring IBM eserver xSeries and PCs / 
The Culai heritage / 
Middle ear / 
Sports great Keith Van Horn / 
Sports great Rebecca Lobo / 
The battle in Seattle : the story behind the WTO demonstrations / 
Speaking of slavery : color, ethnicity, and human bondage in Italy / 
Native Americans and the law : a dictionary / 
The Burger court : justices, rulings, and legacy / 
Shadow redwork with Alex Anderson : 
New slavery : a reference handbook / 
How to DNA test our family relationships / 
So each may learn : integrating learning styles and multiple intelligences / 
A parent's toolbox for spiritual growth / 
Word Bird's Easter words / 
Crown of fire / 
Ride the river / 
Zartog's remote / 
Of religion and empire : missions, conversion, and tolerance in Tsarist Russia / 
Word Bird's Thanksgiving words / 
Word Bird's Valentine's Day words / 
Word Bird's spring words / 
Word Bird's fall words / 
Word Bird's summer words / 
Word Bird's winter words / 
Word Bird makes words with Cat : a short "a" adventure / 
Word Bird makes words with Hen : a short "e" adventure / 
Word Bird makes words with Pig : a short "i" adventure / 
Word Bird makes words with Dog : a short "o" adventure / 
Word Bird makes words with Duck : a short "u" adventure / 
Word Bird's Christmas words / 
The day Ocean came to visit / 
Altoona up north / 
God so loved the world : traditional Baptists and Calvinism / 
Noble Powell and the Episcopal establishment in the twentieth century / 
Characters in search of their author / 
Reclaiming goodness : education and the spiritual quest / 
Mexican American odyssey : Felix Tijerina, entrepreneur & civic leader, 1905-1965 / 
Thanksgiving Day : a time to be thankful / 
Halloween : costumes and treats on All Hallows' Eve / 
Thar she goes! : shipbuilding on the Connecticut River / 
Pearls of wisdom / 
Jaguars / 
Sharks / 
Snakes / 
Penguins / 
The Prevention get thin get young plan / 
Social policy & aging : a critical perspective / 
Intercultural communication : an introduction / 
Candidate's handbook / 
Living justice and peace : Catholic social teaching in practice / 
Loss : understanding the emptiness / 
Weight training / 
Tax reform : a reference handbook / 
UFOs and popular culture : an encyclopedia of contemporary myth / 
Death and the afterlife : a cultural encyclopedia / 
Taking it big : developing sociological consciousness in postmodern times / 
Everything you need to know about Wicca / 
Peter Stuyvesant : New Amsterdam and the origins of New York / 
The hunger for ecstasy : fulfilling the soul's need for passion and intimacy / 
How to dotcom : [a step-by-step guide to e-commerce] / 
Censorship / 
The Rodin Museum, Seoul / 
Dwight D. Eisenhower, our thirty-fourth president / 
Sojourner Truth / 
Benjamin Franklin / 
Susan B. Anthony / 
Thomas Jefferson / 
Electricity / 
Hot and cold / 
Magnets / 
Sound / 
Chester A. Arthur, our twenty-first president / 
John Tyler : our tenth president / 
James Polk : our eleventh president / 
Franklin D. Roosevelt : our thirty-second president / 
James Earl Carter : our thirty-ninth president / 
The resurrection and the afterlife / 
Vegetarianism and teens : a hot issue / 
Anne McCaffrey : science fiction storyteller / 
Harriet Tubman : Moses of the Underground Railroad / 
Ordinary Mary's extraordinary deed / 
The Pullman strike and the labor movement in American history / 
Blue frontier : saving America's living seas / 
The power of one Christ-like life / 
Becoming free : autonomy and diversity in the liberal polity / 
Monsters in the Italian literary imagination / 
Azusa Street / 
Set the trumpet to thy mouth / 
Diana of the Crossways : a novel / 
San Francisco's Golden Gate Park : a thousand and seventeen acres of stories / 
Flower girl / 
The garden that we grew / 
Scat cats! / 
White water / 
Young Cam Jansen and the library mystery / 
Life on an Everest expedition / 
The Ten commandments: from the shadow of Eden to the promise of Canaan / 
Qing colonial enterprise : ethnography and cartography in early modern China / 
Technology and place : sustainable architecture and the Blueprint Farm / 
Parenthood in America : undervalued, underpaid, under siege / 
Waking up : a week inside a Zen monastery / 
Labyrinths from the outside in : walking to spiritual insight : a beginner's guide / 
B is for buckeye : an Ohio alphabet / 
The inner journey : pathways to emotional health / 
The Golovlyov family / 
How the way we talk can change the way we work : seven languages for transformation / 
Information alchemy : the art and science of knowledge management / 
Becoming a congregation of learners : learning as a key to revitalizing congregational life / 
Gumshoe America : hard-boiled crime fiction and the rise and fall of New Deal liberalism / 
Polio / 
Edgar Allan Poe : tragic poet and master of mystery / 
High wall of spring / 
Constitutional law for a changing America. Rights, liberties, and justice / 
Wildebeests / 
Uppity women of the New World / 
Fall / 
Spring / 
Transforming Europe : Europeanization and domestic change / 
Summer / 
The Alamo / 
Winter / 
Lori : my daughter, wrongfully imprisoned in Peru / 
Interracial intimacy : the regulation of race & romance / 
Art and faith in Mexico : the nineteenth-century retablo tradition / 
A year in place / 
Loss within loss : artists in the age of AIDS / 
Personal styles in early Cycladic sculpture / 
When giants roamed the sky : Karl Arnstein and the rise of airships from Zeppelin to Goodyear / 
The Battle of Gettysburg / 
Great women of the Old West / 
Official guide to Texas wildlife management areas / 
The Statue of Liberty / 
The Trail of Tears / 
The Underground Railroad / 
Designing for learning : six elements in constructivist classrooms / 
Kind hearts : self-esteem and the challenges of aging / 
Venice : a cultural and literary companion / 
The root and the flower / 
The liberation of Tolstoy : a tale of two writers / 
The wildest dream : the biography of George Mallory / 
Lights of the veil / 
Structural equation modeling : foundations and extensions / 
A guide to empirical research in communication : rules for looking / 
Power from God / 
Dogs are stupid : (after all, they're man's best friend!) / 
International encyclopedia of women's suffrage / 
Urban sprawl : a reference handbook / 
The new predator--women who kill : profiles of female serial killers / 
Content knowledge : a compendium of standards and benchmarks for K-12 education / 
Keepers : a Port Silva mystery with Patience and Verity Mackellar / 
The marginal teacher : a step-by-step guide to fair procedures for identification and dismissal / 
The encyclopedia of glass / 
White ironstone china : plate identification guide, 1840-1880 / 
Kimono vanishing tradition : Japanese textiles of the 20th century / 
Try and make me! : simple strategies that turn off the tantrums and create cooperation / 
Ghost layers & color washes : three steps to spectacular quilts / 
Life on a horse farm / 
Postmodern geography : theory and praxis / 
Beginning the principalship : a practical guide for new school leaders / 
Molly and Emmett's surprise garden / 
The gift of prophecy in the New Testament and today / 
Religion in ancient Mesopotamia / 
Women's work? : American schoolteachers, 1650-1920 / 
Escape from Houdini mountain : stories / 
Duke : stories / 
What! and give up show business? : a view from the Hollywood trenches / 
Truth, trust, and the bottom line : 7 steps to trust-based management / 
Fast growth : how to attain it, how to sustain it / 
The 100 best stocks to own for under $25 / 
Singapore / 
Thailand / 
Greece / 
The Apache / 
The Blackfeet / 
The Cherokee / 
The Iroquois / 
Child delinquents : development, intervention, and service needs / 
Municipal benchmarks : assessing local performance and establishing community standards / 
Public communication campaigns / 
Organizational stress : a review and critique of theory, research, and applications / 
Institutions and organizations / 
Juvenile delinquency : readings / 
American watercolors at the Pennsylvania Academy of the fine arts / 
The business of media : corporate media and the public interest / 
Sociology in action : cases for critical and sociological thinking / 
Sociology through active learning : student exercises / 
Customer winback : how to recapture lost customers and keep them loyal / 
Our lives as Torah : finding God in our own stories / 
Peace skills : a manual for community mediators / 
Life in America during the 1960s / 
West Africa / 
The soul / 
The federal principle in American politics, 1790-1833 / 
A handbook on hanging : being a short introduction to the fine art of execution ... / 
Managing conflict in a negotiated world : a narrative approach to achieving dialogue and change / 
Mary's song : living her timeless prayer / 
Integrating & sustaining habits of mind / 
The American ethnic cookbook for students / 
The reform of time : magic and modernity / 
Buddha heart, Buddha mind : living the Four Noble Truths / 
Word Bird's Halloween words / 
Sanity and sanctity : mental health work among the ultra-orthodox in Jerusalem / 
Sleeping like a baby : a sensitive and sensible approach to solving your child's sleep problems / 
Mississippi floods : designing a shifting landscape / 
Writing in light : the silent scenario and the Japanese pure film movement / 
Jewish voices of the California gold rush : a documentary history, 1849-1880 / 
The peripatetic / 
News from Fredericksburg / 
La Salle / 
Francisco Pizarro / 
Halloween / 
Science and technology policy in Africa / 
Inside passage : a journey beyond borders / 
Wolves and human communities : biology, politics, and ethics / 
Nature's healing oracle : using the power of plants for physical and spiritual well-being / 
Praying with our hands : 21 practices of embodied prayer from the world's spiritual traditions / 
Internet pioneers : the cyber-elite / 
American women of science / 
The life of Selina Campbell : a fellow soldier in the cause of restoration / 
Archetypal light : poems / 
Flight and other stories / 
A black bridge : poems / 
Wisconsin's natural communities : how to recognize them, where to find them / 
Mobile : the new history of Alabama's first city / 
Money, myths, and change : the economic lives of lesbians and gay men / 
El Niño & La Niña : deadly weather / 
Turning south again : re-thinking modernism/re-reading Booker T. / 
The Rosenberg Cold War spy trial : a headline court case / 
Seals / 
Restoring relationships : 5 things to try before you say goodbye / 
Cancers of the mouth and throat : a patient's guide to treatment / 
Wordsworth's gardens / 
In the saddle with Uncle Bill / 
Stone people medicine : a Native American oracle / 
Over it : a teen's guide to getting beyond obsessions with food and weight / 
Intercultural communication and body language / 
Texas smoke : muzzle-loaders on the frontier / 
Unleashing your inner dog : your best friend's guide to life / 
Peace skills : leaders' guide / 
Why can't we get it right? : professional development in our schools / 
The dialectics of shopping / 
What's in a word? : etymological gossip about some interesting English words / 
Filling the glass : the skeptic's guide to positive thinking in business / 
Socially responsible investing : making a difference in making money / 
Why art cannot be taught : a handbook for art students / 
University of South Carolina : a portrait / 
Understanding Bobbie Ann Mason / 
Vanishing point : a Claire Reynier mystery / 
The myth of Pope Joan / 
Dicta and contradicta / 
Sixteen cows / 
Collaboration for diverse learners : viewpoints and practices / 
Love, Ruby Lavender / 
The historical ecology handbook : a restorationist's guide to reference ecosystems / 
Whitebark pine communities : ecology and restoration / 
Planning for a new century : the regional agenda / 
Handbook of program development for health behavior research & practice / 
Beat the clock chicken / 
God-fleshed : a chronicle of the comings of Christ / 
The outrageous pursuit of hope : prophetic dreams for the twenty-first century / 
Children of the dragonfly : Native American voices on child custody and education / 
The New West of Edward Abbey / 
Music in Cuba / 
Making patriots / 
The well-being of children and families : research and data needs / 
Health networks : can they be the solution? / 
Cooking the Mexican way : revised and expanded to include new low-fat and vegetarian recipes / 
Randy Moss : star wide receiver / 
Grow your business / 
Practicing Kwanzaa year round : affirmations and activities around the seven principles / 
Abstract alphabet : a book of animals / 
Rhinos who play soccer / 
TV--the great escape! : life-changing stories from those who dared to take control / 
When I grow up / 
Ghost wings / 
Quiet times with Jesus : devotions for teachers / 
Right from the start : a parent's guide to the young child's faith development / 
Double whammy! / 
The leadership pipeline : how to build the leadership-powered company / 
Running the race of faith : living a life of faith and purpose : 8 week devotional journal / 
Give me that online religion / 
From strategy to change : implementing the plan in higher education / 
Eager to learn : educating our preschoolers / 
New perspectives on racial identity development : a theoretical and practical anthology / 
Extraterrestrial life and our world view at the turn of the millennium / 
Encyclopedia of the American Civil War : a political, social, and military history / 
Business process orientation : gaining the e-business competitive advantage / 
The manufacturer's guide to implementing the theory of constraints / 
Enemies within : the Cold War and the AIDS crisis in literature, film, and culture / 
Whose baby am I? / 
Stalin's secret pogrom : the postwar inquisition of the Jewish Anti-Fascist Committee / 
The graying of America : an encyclopedia of aging, health, mind, and behavior / 
Deadly landscapes : case studies in prehistoric southwestern warfare / 
Brown, not white : school integration and the Chicano movement in Houston / 
Regulating menstruation : beliefs, practices, interpretations / 
Amazing agricultural aircraft / 
The pirate trial of Anne Bonny and Mary Read / 
Robyn to the rescue / 
Tell the truth, Cassie / 
The legacies of liberalism : path dependence and political regimes in Central America / 
City lights : illuminating the American night / 
Kantorowicz : stories of a historian / 
Out of the comfort zone / 
How to succeed in your first job : tips for new college graduates / 
So you're new again : how to succeed when you change jobs / 
Helping your new employee succeed : tips for managers of new college graduates / 
The Christian theology reader / 
Hockey / 
Autism / 
The Bermuda Triangle / 
Tales from the Woods of Wisdom / 
Growing up on Route 66 / 
On a hill too far away : putting the cross back into the center of our lives / 
Turning mourning into dancing : the journey of a soul / 
Elements of creation / 
These people are us : short stories / 
The centurion and the songbird : stories about the Gospels / 
The matrix of faith : reclaiming a Christian vision / 
The shine poems / 
Life cycle of a-- turtle / 
Life cycle of a-- spider / 
Life cycle of a-- pumpkin / 
Life cycle of a-- silkworm / 
This side of innocence / 
Settle conflicts right now! : a step-by-step guide for K-6 classrooms / 
Let's talk about nightmares / 
Blackbeard : eighteenth-century pirate of the Spanish main and Carolina coast / 
Power shift / 
Auntie Claus and the key to Christmas / 
Ellis Island : tracing your family history through America's gateway / 
AIDS : an explosion of the biological time-bomb? / 
The future role of pesticides in US agriculture / 
Basics of supply chain management / 
Historical memoirs : the Osteopathic Hospital of Maine Brighton Medical Center / 
Opening lines : approaches to the scholarship of teaching and learning / 
African American frontiers : slave narratives and oral histories / 
Inclusive schools in action : making differences ordinary / 
Leadership for differentiating schools & classrooms / 
Sincerely yours / 
Boy meets girl : say hello to courtship / 
When couples pray : the little known secret to lifelong happiness in marriage / 
Everything you need to know about the dangers of binge drinking / 
Everything you need to know about romance and the internet : how to stay safe / 
California : views by Robert Adams of the Los Angeles Basin, 1978-1983 : essay / 
Hurricane hunters / 
Fire engines / 
Bridges / 
Hidden in France : a boy's journey under the Nazi occupation / 
Three Mile Island : nuclear disaster / 
Ancient fire / 
At full speed : Hong Kong cinema in a borderless world / 
The silent singer : new and selected poems / 
Classifying criminal offenders with the MMPI-2 : the Megargee system / 
Women of vision : histories in feminist film and video / 
The crocodile / 
Rock and roll legends / 
Power, authority, and the Anabaptist tradition / 
Southwest silver jewelry / 
Boxes full of corkscrews / 
The hunt in ancient Greece / 
Telling the stories of life through guided autobiography groups / 
Internet resources and services for international finance and investment / 
Paint by number / 
Viking longships / 
The Maya / 
The Pueblo / 
The Seminole / 
The Sioux / 
The influence edge : how to persuade others to help you achieve your goals / 
The prime minister in a shrinking world / 
The universities of the Italian Renaissance / 
Marketing Michelin : advertising & cultural identity in twentieth-century France / 
Messenger : poems / 
Learning disabilities / 
In defense of American higher education / 
Malaria : poverty, race, and public health in the United States / 
The body and the book : writing from a Mennonite life : essays and poems / 
Global human smuggling : comparative perspectives / 
American environmental leaders : from colonial times to the present / 
Encyclopedia of Irish spirituality / 
Deconstructing Pierre Bourdieu : against sociological terrorism from the left / 
Under the black umbrella : voices from colonial Korea, 1910-1945 / 
Rumi : a spiritual biography / 
Contested symmetries and other predicaments in architecture / 
The Celts / 
Life of a Medieval knight / 
Listening to classic American popular songs / 
Full life in Christ / 
Fuzhou Protestants and the making of a modern China, 1857-1927 / 
The mobilization of shame : a world view of human rights / 
Converging movements : 
The Master is calling : discovering the wonders of spirit-led prayer / 
Medicine and the German Jews : a history / 
A private in the Texas Rangers : A.T. Miller of Company B, Frontier Battalion / 
Essentials of MMPI-2 and MMPI-A interpretation / 
Changing works : visions of a lost agriculture / 
Television / 
Super sports star Grant Hill / 
Finding your way after your child dies / 
Mop and the birthday picnic / 
With all that we have-- why aren't we satisfied? / 
Drawing to God : art as prayer, prayer as art / 
Yeshua of Nazareth, spiritual master : the spirituality he lived and taught / 
Public lives, private prayers / 
New York glory : religions in the city / 
Silent pledge / 
Driven with the wind / 
Finding time for fatherhood : men's concerns as parents / 
Noa's ark : one child's voyage into multiliteracy / 
Old Provence / 
Two years in the French West Indies / 
The pilgrimage to Santiago / 
Scribbler of dreams / 
Learning from Saturn : possibilities for corporate governance and employee relations / 
For you, my daughter : 
Queenie Farmer had fifteen daughters / 
Guess who's coming to dinner now? : multicultural conservatism in America / 
Ain't no river / 
What if boomers can't retire? : how to build real security, not phantom wealth / 
Motorcycles / 
Extraordinary encounters : an encyclopedia of extraterrestrials and otherworldly beings / 
Charter schools : a reference handbook / 
Politics and the architecture of choice : bounded rationality and governance / 
Salmon stream / 
John Adams : our second president / 
The Last Supper according to Martha and Mary / 
The book of love / 
Money rules : the new politics of finance in Britain and Japan / 
Seasons of Savannah / 
Seasons of Charlotte / 
Crocodiles / 
The Fourth of July / 
Halloween / 
Thanksgiving : a level two reader / 
Valentine's Day : a level two reader / 
Grizzly bears / 
Manatees / 
Timber wolves / 
Drums / 
Guitars / 
Pianos / 
Trumpets / 
Airplanes / 
Cars / 
Trains / 
Buses / 
Talking classrooms : 
Extra innings : writing on baseball / 
Family and society in American history / 
The question of nationalities and social democracy / 
At fault / 
Doing it : real people having really good sex / 
It's my life, by Caitlin O'Connor / 
Sanin : a novel / 
Ann Lovejoy's organic garden design school : 
Rodale organic gardening basics. Volume 8, Compost / 
Oceans of the future / 
Lewis and Clark's voyage of discovery / 
Everything you need to know about chemotherapy / 
Ecstasy and your heart : the incredibly disgusting story / 
Flight and rescue / 
The river underground : an anthology of Nevada fiction / 
Erikson, Eskimos & Columbus : medieval European knowledge of America / 
Gambling / 
Drew Barrymore / 
Ukraine / 
Developing grading and reporting systems for student learning / 
Generations in touch : linking the old and young in a Tokyo neighborhood / 
Carving our destiny : scientific research faces a new millenium / 
Whistle while you work : heeding your life's calling / 
Math fair blues / 
Cherished torment : the emotional geography of Lady Mary Wroth's Urania / 
Careers in focus. 
Ban the humorous bazooka / 
Net strategy : charting the digital course for your company's growth / 
The options workbook : fundamental spread concepts and strategies for investors and traders / 
Christian marriage : a historical study / 
Divine things : seeking the sacred in a secular age / 
Wool-gathering : writings / 
Plane truth : a private investigator's story / 
Fort Ticonderoga / 
Water management in Islam / 
A birder's guide to Alabama / 
The call of conscience : Heidegger and Levinas, rhetoric and the euthanasia debate / 
Government and business : American political economy in comparative perspective / 
The quotable Calvin Coolidge : sensible words for a new century / 
The real Woodrow Wilson : an interview with Arthur S. Link, editor of the Wilson papers / 
How to save money every day / 
Unjust seizure : conflict, interest, and authority in an early medieval society / 
Theater sans frontières : essays on the dramatic universe of Robert Lepage / 
Dragonfly / 
A marriage after God's own heart / 
The shooting drugs : Prozac and its generation exposed on the Internet / 
Finding your African American ancestors : a beginner's guide / 
Ice ages of the future / 
The organic suburbanite : an environmentally friendly way to live the American dream  / 
Manmade breast cancers / 
Cinderella = Cenicienta / 
I wonder why? / 
Sam's big book of words / 
Writings through John Cage's music, poetry, and art / 
Super sports star Penny Hardaway / 
Human rights and global diversity / 
The Little Rock school desegregation crisis in American history / 
A flamingo chick grows up / 
A harbor seal pup grows up / 
A tiger cub grows up / 
A kangaroo joey grows up / 
Maria von Trapp : beyond the Sound of Music / 
Crossing the 49th parallel : migration from Canada to the United States, 1900-1930 / 
William Henry Harrison : our ninth president / 
Franklin Pierce : our fourteenth president / 
James Buchanan : 
Ulysses S. Grant : our eighteenth president / 
Grover Cleveland : our twenty-second and twenty-fourth president / 
Benjamin Harrison : our twenty-third president / 
William McKinley : our twenty-fifth president / 
Calvin Coolidge : our thirtieth president / 
John Rogers statuary / 
Quest for harmony : Native American spiritual traditions / 
Africa / 
Antarctica / 
Asia / 
Australia / 
Europe / 
North America / 
South America / 
Understanding contemporary Chicana literature / 
The art and archaeology of Venetian ships and boats / 
The manly eunuch : masculinity, gender ambiguity, and Christian ideology in late antiquity / 
Tradiciones nuevomexicanas : Hispano arts and culture of New Mexico / 
Escape to reality : the western world of Maynard Dixon / 
The EuroAmerican container garden cookbook / 
Dorothea Dix : crusader for the mentally ill / 
Switzerland / 
Transforming matter : a history of chemistry from alchemy to the buckyball / 
Lyndon Baines Johnson : our thirty-sixth president / 
Gerald R. Ford : our thirty-eighth president / 
Ronald Reagan : our fortieth president  / 
Andrew Johnson : our seventeenth president / 
Herbert Hoover, our thirty-first president / 
John Quincy Adams / 
Andrew Jackson : our seventh president / 
The sketchbook of Thomas Blue Eagle / 
Dinosaur bones / 
Pinocchio / 
Living legacies : how to write, illustrate, and share your life stories / 
Pilots / 
Cats have kittens / 
Dogs have puppies / 
Kangaroos have joeys / 
Rethinking rape / 
Biology of the plant bugs (Hemiptera: Miridae) : pests, predators, opportunists / 
Savannah & grassland monitors : from the experts at Advanced Vivarium Systems / 
Amazonia : territorial struggles on perennial frontiers / 
Entrepreneurial vernacular : developers' subdivisions in the 1920s / 
Water technology in the Middle Ages : cities, monasteries, and waterworks after the Roman Empire / 
Horace : image, identity, and audience / 
John Nolen & Mariemont : building a new town in Ohio / 
Nursing homes : the family's journey / 
First resorts : pursuing pleasure at Saratoga Springs, Newport, and Coney Island / 
Higher Ed, inc. : the rise of the for-profit university / 
Across this land : a regional geography of the United States and Canada / 
Constituting federal sovereignty : the European Union in comparative context / 
All children can learn : lessons from the Kentucky reform experience / 
Lessons from the cyberspace classroom : the realities of online teaching / 
Boys and girls learn differently : a guide for teachers and parents / 
The deep blue sea : rethinking the source of leadership / 
Facilitating organization change : lessons from complexity science / 
Appreciative inquiry : change at the speed of imagination / 
Hidden assets : revolutionize your development program with a volunteer-driven approach / 
Learning to change : teaching beyond subjects and standards / 
Women clothed with the sun : poems / 
The Central Asian states / 
The Korean War / 
The Jossey-Bass reader on school reform / 
Women and the machine : representations from the spinning wheel to the electronic age / 
The Amish in the American imagination / 
Big plans : the allure and folly of urban design / 
Framing the South : Hollywood, television, and race during the Civil Rights struggle / 
Play-by-play : radio, television, and big-time college sport / 
Architecture and town planning in colonial North America / 
The problem with pumpkins : a Hip and Hop story / 
How do we know the nature of the atom / 
Forecasting the climate of the future / 
Lists to live by : the second collection / 
Little-known Southwest : outdoor destinations beyond the parks / 
Doing it : five performing arts / 
A house and its head / 
Manservant and maidservant / 
The pilgrim hawk : a love story / 
Madame de Pompadour / 
Spunky's diary / 
The prodigal cat / 
The impatient turtle / 
This little pig / 
New kid in town / 
Ducktails / 
Happy Easter, God / 
Sun dance / 
Lapdogs and Bloomer girls : the life and times of Lisle Lester (1837-1888) / 
Trains / 
Praying with Teilhard de Chardin / 
Detroit in its world setting : a three hundred year chronology, 1701-2001 / 
A unique guide to London / 
Irreconcilable differences : the waning of the American Jewish love affair with Israel / 
Terrain vague : poems / 
Letters to Wendy's / 
Sanji's seed / 
The upside-down day / 
The midnight mystery / 
Cross train : blast through the Bible from front to back / 
The maiden of Mayfair / 
Treasures of the north / 
Europe and Islam / 
The pastoral care case : learning about care in congregations / 
Preaching and practical ministry / 
New Testament themes / 
Click and the kids go sailing / 
The Jesus advantage : a new approach to a fuller life / 
Hidden springs of hope : finding God in the desert of suffering / 
Dream weaving : using dream guidance to create life's tapestry / 
God of many loves / 
Sign & symbol, word and song : creating and celebrating classroom rituals / 
Championship writing : 50 ways to improve your writing / 
Vacation stories : five science fiction tales / 
The Constitution in Congress : the Jeffersonians, 1801-1829 / 
Going native / 
The Michigan counting book / 
If I should die / 
Higher learning & Catholic traditions / 
The doctrine of double effect : philosophers debate a controversial moral principle / 
Explorers and settlers of Spanish Texas / 
Losers and keepers in Argentina / 
Cardinal Hume : a spiritual companion : reflections through the year / 
Desert ecology : an introduction to life in the arid southwest / 
Fissures in the rock : New England in the seventeenth century / 
Poasis : selected poems 1986-1999 / 
Genetic engineering : debating the benefits and concerns / 
Lenin and the Russian revolution in world history / 
The 1910s from World War I to ragtime music / 
South American legislatures : thinking about economic integration and defense policy / 
Advocate of dialoge [sic] / 
Choosing simplicity : a commentary on the Bhikshuni Pratimoksha / 
Buddhism for beginners / 
Inhalants and your nasal passages : the incredibly disgusting story / 
Understanding global cultures : metaphorical journeys through 23 nations / 
Murder in America / 
From first-year to first-rate : principals guiding beginning teachers / 
The psychology of B.F. Skinner / 
Retaining valued employees / 
Teacher peer assistance and review : a practical guide for teachers and administrators / 
The Bible's seven secrets to healthy eating / 
The senator's other daughter / 
Cybersafety : surfing safely online / 
On her way home : a novel / 
Going to school during the Civil War : the Union / 
Going to school in colonial America / 
Going to school during the civil rights movement / 
Cut-loose quilts : stack, slice, switch, and sew / 
Hand appliqué : seven projects for hand appliqué / 
Snowflakes & quilts / 
Stateside soldier : life in the Women's Army Corps, 1944 1945 / 
Understanding Joseph Roth / 
Culture of misfortune : an interpretive history of textile unionism in the United States / 
A day in the life of a colonial soldier / 
Trusting the spirit : renewal and reform in American religion / 
The tradition of the Trojan War in Homer and the epic cycle / 
Divided in two : the road to Civil War, 1861 / 
Malcolm X / 
Understanding Johnny Tremain / 
Nigeria / 
Life on the Pony Express / 
Power in practice : adult education and the struggle for knowledge and power in society / 
Meditations, with distractions : poems, 1988-98 / 
Singing in the wilderness : music and ecology in the twentieth century / 
Process philosophy : a survey of basic issues / 
Transforming New Orleans and its environs : centuries of change / 
Organized crime & democratic governability : Mexico and the U.S.-Mexican borderlands / 
Big trucks and diggers in 3-D / 
Patriotism and fraternalism in the Knights of Columbus : a history of the fourth degree / 
Practical wisdom for pastors : words of encouragement and counsel for a lifetime of ministry / 
The end of act three / 
Leonardo : the Last Supper / 
Never offer your comb to a bald man : how to get what you want by giving others what they need / 
Faith in the family : honoring and strengthening home and spirit / 
Serapion sister : the poetry of Elizaveta Polonskaja / 
Zero tolerance : quality of life and the new police brutality in New York City / 
The new disability history : American perspectives / 
The presidency of George Washington / 
Four of a kind / 
Sir Cumference and the Great Knight of Angleland : a math adventure / 
The other Boston busing story : what's won and lost across the boundary line / 
Libraries in the ancient world / 
The wisdom of the Lotus sutra : a discussion / 
Ever increasing faith / 
Jewish Poland--legends of origin : ethnopoetics and legendary chronicles / 
Frontier metropolis : picturing early Detroit, 1701-1838 / 
African Americans, labor, and society : organizing for a new agenda / 
The outdoor museum : the magic of Michigan's Marshall M. Fredericks / 
Making the world safe for tourism / 
I'm counting to 10-- : hope and humor for frazzled parents / 
Gadgets and necessities : an encyclopedia of household innovations / 
A teacher's guide to working with paraeducators and other classroom aides / 
Chernyshevskii's What is to be done? : a reevaluation / 
The Cold War / 
The changing face of the football business : supporters direct / 
Pandas have cubs / 
Political forgiveness / 
Landscape wallcoverings / 
Fort Clatsop / 
The black widow spider / 
Hands-on projects about rocks, minerals, and fossils / 
Higher education service-learning sourcebook / 
The quest for California's gold / 
The crab spider / 
The wolf spider / 
The Orb weaver / 
Tarantula / 
Learning about public service from the life of John F. Kennedy, Jr. / 
Second nature / 
Beware, Princess Elizabeth / 
The fall of the Bastille : revolution in France / 
Triumph of the mundane : the unseen trends that shape our lives and environment / 
Reading researchers in search of common ground / 
Did you hear about the girl who-- ? : contemporary legends, folklore, and human sexuality / 
Sponsor's guide / 
An ocean in common : American naval officers, scientists, and the ocean environment / 
Adam's curse : reflections on religion and literature / 
A separate circle : Jewish life in Knoxville, Tennessee / 
Avenues of faith : shaping the urban religious culture of Richmond, Virginia, 1900-1929 / 
Commonwealth Catholicism : a history of the Catholic Church in Virginia / 
Experiential learning : a foundation for social work education and practice / 
Getting over getting mad : positive ways to manage anger in your most important relationships / 
The courage to be yourself : 
Amphibians and reptiles of Pennsylvania and the Northeast / 
Time and eternity : exploring God's relationship to time / 
Librarians / 
Mayors / 
Teachers / 
Spongeware : 1835-1935, makers, marks, and patterns / 
Phonographs with flair : a century of style in sound reproduction / 
Hawaiiana : the best of Hawaiian design / 
Pens & pencils : a collector's handbook / 
Pennsylvania German arts : more than hearts, parrots, and tulips / 
The union that shaped the Confederacy : Robert Toombs & Alexander H. Stephens / 
The romances of Chrétien de Troyes / 
Redesigning the American lawn : a search for environmental harmony / 
Divine healing / 
Once again, La Fontaine : sixty more fables / 
Hard choices : social democracy in the twenty-first century / 
Handbook of Mesoamerican mythology / 
Damaged identities, narrative repair / 
The nutcracker / 
Kipper and Roly / 
Programmable controllers / 
The beggar's opera / 
Dr. Charles Drew, medical pioneer / 
Jackie Robinson / 
Camp Bee-a-Champ / 
Marketing on the Internet : seven steps to building the Internet into your business / 
Corporate power in civil society : an application of societal constitutionalism / 
Health science projects about anatomy and physiology / 
A strong man : a fable for our times / 
Day-old child and other celebrations of motherhood / 
The Japanese bath / 
Coping with the death of a brother or sister / 
Stunt performers : life before the camera / 
Mastering virtual teams : strategies, tools, and techniques that succeed / 
The maiden of Tonnerre : the vicissitudes of the chevalier and the chevalière d'Eon / 
Rediscovering the Great Plains : Journeys by dog, canoe, & horse / 
Whitman possessed : poetry, sexuality, and popular authority / 
The Bouchayers of Grenoble and French industrial enterprise, 1850-1970 / 
The mayor of Casterbridge / 
My Ántonia / 
The invisible man / 
Politics and banking : ideas, public policy, and the creation of financial institutions / 
Zack / 
Jacob have I loved / 
Little house in the big woods / 
Farmer boy / 
The way into encountering God in Judaism / 
The principal portfolio / 
The Mexican Congress : old player, new power / 
The nature of qualitative evidence / 
Methods of family research / 
The little lost lamb / 
Journeys with Mary : apparitions of Our Lady / 
When Jesus was born : the story of the very first Christmas / 
Parenthood in America : an encyclopedia / 
Whole-faculty study groups : creating student-based professional development / 
Ethics education in social work / 
Liquids and gases : principles of fluid mechanics / 
Downshifting : how to work less and enjoy life more / 
Finishing the figure : doll costuming, embellishments, accessories / 
Along the garden path : more quilters and their gardens / 
Free stuff for traveling quilters on the Internet / 
Damascus journey / 
Making a heart for God : a week inside a Catholic monastery / 
The red wolf / 
The Declaration of Independence and Roger Sherman of Connecticut / 
Daniel Boone / 
The Blackwell handbook of cross-cultural management / 
Americans all! : foreign-born soldiers in World War I / 
Angels in the architecture : a photographic elegy to an American asylum / 
American sympathy : men, friendship, and literature in the new nation / 
Sexual Shakespeare : forgery, authorship, portraiture / 
Communings of the spirit / 
Under Army orders : the Army National Guard during the Korean War / 
Moving lives : twentieth-century women's travel writing / 
Setting the world in order / 
The cosmopolitan self : George Herbert Mead and continental philosophy / 
Alabama architecture : looking at building and place / 
Mechanics and meaning in architecture / 
Preserving the self in the south seas, 1680-1840 / 
Processing politics : learning from television in the Internet age / 
Gay Cuban nation / 
American passages : an anthology of readings on our immigrant experience / 
Assessing the value of law in transition economies / 
Light from the ashes : social science careers of young Holocaust refugees and survivors / 
Where the tigers were : travels through literary landscapes / 
A bluestocking in Charleston : the life and career of Laura Bragg / 
Understanding Robert Penn Warren / 
The coastal zone : past, present, and future / 
Discovering October roads : fall colors and geology in rural east Tennessee / 
The meaning of peace : biblical studies / 
Rekindling the movement : labor's quest for relevance in the twenty-first century / 
En busca de paz : apuntes y conversaciones en el camino / 
The battle for Congress : consultants, candidates, and voters / 
Rethinking democratic accountability / 
Violent environments / 
Law's interior : legal and literary constructions of the self / 
Whistleblowers : broken lives and organizational power / 
The guardian / 
The economy of nature / 
The evolutionists : the struggle for Darwin's soul / 
King Henry VIII and the Reformation in world history / 
Subversives : stories / 
Armored, plated, and bone-headed dinosaurs : the Ankylosaurs, Stegosaurs, and Pachycephalosaurs / 
Heroes in Greek mythology / 
That air forever dark : an adventure / 
The gray wolf / 
Birthing the sermon : women preachers on the creative process / 
The rhetoric of the Gospel : theological artistry in the gospels and Acts / 
Mop's mountain adventure / 
Hernán Cortés / 
Ways to go / 
Shoo, Crow! Shoo! / 
Hats! / 
Clown around / 
Wonderful things / 
My favorite foods / 
The gate church : discover the authority, power, and results God wants for your church / 
The three billy goats gruff / 
Drama, play, and game : English festive culture in the medieval and early modern period / 
On the psychotheology of everyday life : reflections on Freud and Rosenzweig / 
Process : a novel / 
Designing for diversity : gender, race, and ethnicity in the architectural profession / 
A brief history of gardening / 
The first+aid companion for dogs & cats / 
Group dynamics for teams / 
Evaluating research articles from start to finish / 
Living with earthquakes in California : a survivor's guide / 
The dingo / 
The Declaration of Independence and Richard Henry Lee of Virginia / 
The Declaration of Independence and Thomas Jefferson of Virginia / 
Lincoln's rail-splitter : Governor Richard J. Oglesby / 
Louise Bourgeois' Spider : the architecture of art-writing / 
Planning a wilderness : regenerating the Great Lakes cutover region / 
The meaning of wilderness : essential articles and speeches / 
Theaters of conversion : religious architecture and Indian artisans in colonial Mexico / 
Immigration and American unionism / 
Classroom strategies for interactive learning / 
Jeff Gordon / 
Mia Hamm / 
Sammy Sosa / 
Stone Cold Steve Austin / 
Terrell Davis / 
Venus Williams / 
Get along, little dogies : the Chisholm Trail diary of Hallie Lou Wells : south Texas, 1878 / 
A little princess / 
The wind in the willows / 
The secret garden / 
Little women / 
Shaquille O'Neal / 
Randy Moss / 
Dale Earnhardt / 
Kobe Bryant / 
Thread of hope : meditations for women / 
Timeouts with God : meditations for parents / 
Confession and mission, Word and sacrament : 
Jerusalem and Parousia : Jesus' eschatological discourse in Matthew's Gospel / 
Horsefeathers' mystery / 
All the king's horses / 
Linus Pauling : scientist and peacemaker / 
Planes / 
Cars / 
Digital places : building our city of bits / 
Extreme dinosaurs / 
The science of illusions / 
I spy in the ocean / 
I spy in the jungle / 
A primer of oilwell drilling : a basic text of oil and gas drilling / 
Chinese migrant networks and cultural change : Peru, Chicago, Hawaii, 1900-1936 / 
Irony in action : anthropology, practice, and the moral imagination / 
Lexis and creativity in translation : a  corpus-based study / 
The 1900s from Teddy Roosevelt to flying machines / 
The O.J. Simpson murder trial : a headline court case / 
Murals : the great walls of Joliet / 
The unity of law, an illusion? : on the legal pluralism in theory and practice / 
RPG IV jump start : moving ahead with the new RPG / 
Implementing AS/400 security / 
Pill bugs & sow bugs and other crustaceans / 
Leaves and trees / 
Toothpaste : from start to finish / 
Boats / 
The Declaration of Independence and John Adams of Massachusetts / 
The Declaration of Independence and Robert R. Livingston of New York / 
Freud and Freudians on religion : a reader / 
Terrific trickster tales from Asia / 
Healing or stealing : medical charlatans in the new age / 
American religions : an illustrated history / 
Encyclopedia of the United States cabinet / 
Accident prevention manual for business & industry : engineering & technology / 
Volcano! / 
Spurgeon on the Holy Spirit / 
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder / 
Clara Schumann : the artist and the woman / 
Mountain dance / 
Salvage style in your home / 
Crossing the great divide : worker risk and opportunity in the new economy / 
Gauguin's Nirvana : painters at Le Pouldu 1889-90 / 
The Russian Parliament : institutional evolution in a transitional regime, 1989-1999 / 
I saw the sea and the sea saw me / 
A book of coupons / 
A bright tomorrow : 
Trains / 
Pogo sticks : from start to finish / 
Physical brain / 
Addiction / 
Neurological disorders / 
The birthright / 
The conflict and culture reader / 
Coordinator's manual / 
A year in the notch : exploring the natural history of the White Mountains / 
Ambition & love in modern American art / 
Astronauts : life exploring outer space / 
Restful reflections : nighttime inspiration to calm the soul : based on Jewish wisdom / 
Cooking the Japanese way / 
William Shakespeare / 
Objects in motion : principles of classical mechanics / 
Pulleys / 
Wheels and axles / 
Vampires / 
Saving the Bay : people working for the future of the Chesapeake / 
Crossing over to Canaan : the journey of new teachers in diverse classrooms / 
The passion plan at work : building a passion-driven organization / 
Designing and using organizational surveys : a seven-step process / 
The change leader's roadmap : how to navigate your organization's transformation / 
Beyond change management : advanced strategies for today's transformational leaders / 
Great male comedians / 
On European ground / 
Sustainable development of the Ganges-Brahmaputra-Meghna basins / 
Skywatchers / 
United Nations-sponsored world conferences : focus on impact and follow-up / 
Histories and stories from Chiapas : border identities in Southern Mexico / 
Jabutí the tortoise : a trickster tale from the Amazon / 
The Regional City : planning for the end of sprawl / 
Education and democracy : the meaning of Alexander Meiklejohn, 1872-1964 / 
You're not from around here, are you? : a lesbian in small-town America / 
Fat tire Wisconsin : a mountain bike trailguide / 
Life as a POW / 
The shattered lantern : rediscovering a felt presence of God / 
The adventures of Nathan T. Riggins / 
You and a death in your family / 
Steroids and your muscles : the incredibly disgusting story / 
Choosing a career as a nurse-midwife / 
Learning about love from the life of Mother Teresa / 
Learning about teamwork from the lives of Hillary and Norgay / 
Learning about equal rights from the life of Ruth Bader Ginsburg / 
The Gemini IV Mission : the first American space walk  / 
Learning about resilience from the life of Lance Armstrong / 
Reaping the whirlwind : the Taliban movement in Afghanistan / 
Learning about achievement from the life of Maya Angelou / 
Patrick Henry : voice of the Revolution / 
Making basic origami shapes step by step / 
Classroom instruction that works : research-based strategies for increasing student achievement / 
The mystery of the midnight dog / 
Fragile paradise : the impact of tourism on Maui, 1959-2000 / 
Zapotec science : farming and food in the Northern Sierra of Oaxaca / 
Me and my shadows : shadow puppet fun for children of all ages / 
Speak to me : grief, love, and what endures / 
Ben Webster : his life and music / 
Pray hard : talk to God with total confidence / 
Thunder voice / 
City of Angels / 
The Sermon on the mount : a theological investigation / 
Louis Pasteur : father of modern medicine / 
Ash / 
Corporate governance / 
Perception / 
My all for Him / 
Scriptural allusions in the New Testament : light from the Dead Sea Scrolls / 
I remember / 
Aunt Rachel's fur / 
A testament of revolution / 
Joyce's modernist allegory : Ulysses and the history of the novel / 
Understanding Julio Cortazar / 
Consumers and citizens : globalization and multicultural conflicts / 
Recalling religions : resistance, memory, and cultural revision in ethnic women's literature / 
When Dad killed Mom / 
Fighting gravity / 
Goose music : a novel / 
Smoking / 
The great Northwest : the search for regional identity / 
Let's talk about being in a wheelchair / 
Secrets of saffron : the vagabond life of the world's most seductive spice / 
Baloney, Henry P. / 
Developing community-empowered schools / 
Bar 20 : Hopalong Cassidy's rustler roundup / 
The death of George Washington : he died as he lived / 
Letty fox : her luck / 
Looking like what you are : sexual style, race, and lesbian identity / 
Gettin' there : a passage through the Psalms-- : how a man finds his way on the trail of life / 
Your God is too safe : rediscovering the wonder of a God you can't control / 
Growing weary doing good? : encouragement for exhausted women / 
A woman's guide to true contentment : a biblical study for achieving satisfaction in life / 
Extraordinary living! : what happens when God works through you / 
Franklin on Franklin / 
Law/society : origins, interactions, and change / 
Making societies : the historical construction of our world / 
As one without authority / 
Misbegotten anguish : a theology and ethics of violence / 
The New York City Audubon Society guide to finding birds in the metropolitan area / 
Rational choice in an uncertain world : the psychology of judgment and decision making / 
Dictionary of qualitative inquiry / 
Competitive fastpitch softball for girls / 
Katydids and bush-crickets : reproductive behavior and evolution of the Tettigoniidae / 
Salamander rain : a lake & pond journal / 
More strategies for educating everybody's children / 
The 1990s from the Persian Gulf War to Y2K / 
Julius Caesar and Ancient Rome in world history / 
Where God walks : everyday encounters with mystery / 
A candle at midnight : keeping vigil as a path through depression / 
Parkinson's disease / 
Head and brain injuries / 
International diplomacy and colonial retreat / 
Let's talk about when you think nobody likes you / 
Law and sport in contemporary society / 
Homosexual desire in Revolutionary Russia : the regulation of sexual and gender dissent / 
Federal Indian policy in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations, 1961-1969 / 
The binding oath / 
Purchasing power : black kids and American consumer culture / 
Dinarchus, Hyperides, and Lycurgus / 
The Rigoberta Menchú controversy / 
Macroergonomics : an introduction to work system design / 
Readings in training and simulation : a 30-year perspective / 
50 hikes in Alaska's Chugach State Park / 
River running : canoeing, kayaking, rowing, rafting / 
100 classic hikes in Colorado / 
National Geographic photography guide for kids / 
It's only a movie! : films and critics in American culture / 
A table in the desert : making space holy / 
Relief for the body, renewal for the soul : a doctor's true stories of healing and hope / 
The faultline of consciousness : a view of interactionism in sociology / 
Between two gardens : from Eden to Gethsemane / 
Ezekiel's shadow / 
Raising your child to love God : what the Bible teaches about parenting : a spiritual classic / 
The complete book of Christian wedding vows : the importance of how you say "I do" / 
Up this hill and down : thoughts on life from the southern Appalachians / 
Ten tasks of change : demystifying changing organizations / 
Rock 'n' roll and the Cleveland connection / 
Showtime in Cleveland : the rise of a regional theater center / 
Children of Ireland / 
Lot of my sister / 
Andrew's story : a book about a boy who beat cancer / 
Relativity and quantum mechanics : principles of modern physics / 
The Russian Kremlin / 
Furman v. Georgia : fairness and the death penalty / 
The book of lost fathers : stories / 
Assisted living : needs, practices, and policies in residential care for the elderly / 
A girl's life : horses, boys, weddings & luck / 
Gender equity or bust! : on the road to campus leadership with women in higher education / 
Work / 
Waves : principles of light, electricity, and magnetism / 
Cooking the French way / 
The civil rights movement / 
Social measurement / 
Graphic Herman Miller / 
Arts & crafts : designs for the home / 
After Franklin : the emergence of autobiography in post-revolutionary America, 1780-1830 / 
Guide to spiritual warfare / 
There's dynamite in praise / 
Wabi Sabi style / 
The world's room : a novel / 
The story of a country boy / 
Returning lost loves : a novel / 
The ship of state : statecraft and politics from ancient Greece to democratic America / 
The renewed mind : becoming the person God wants you to be / 
A new dawn over Devon / 
Choosing a career as an entrepreneur / 
Everything you need to know about relationship violence / 
Droughts of the future / 
Floods of the future / 
Crack and your circulatory system : the incredibly disgusting story / 
Principles of prayer / 
Autumn return / 
L'Esprit nouveau : Purism in Paris, 1918-1925 / 
Algeria, 1830-2000 : a short history / 
The rule of justice : the people of Chicago versus Zephyr Davis / 
Nationalism, devolution, and the challenge to the United Kingdom state / 
Annie Oakley / 
Peace process : American diplomacy and the Arab-Israeli conflict since 1967 / 
Marian Anderson : a great singer / 
Martin Luther King, Jr. : man of peace / 
Mutual aid and union renewal : cycles of logics of action / 
Hanukkah lights / 
The philosophy of utopia / 
Careers in computer animation / 
Cells and surveys : should biological measures be included in social science research? / 
Fins, feathers, and faith / 
Sermon on the mound : finding God at the heart of the game / 
Refugee treasure / 
Lies like truth : Shakespeare, Macbeth, and the cultural moment / 
Wilderness comes home : rewilding the Northeast / 
Judaism within modernity : essays on Jewish history and religion / 
The snakes of Trinidad and Tobago / 
In proximity : Emmanuel Levinas and the eighteenth century / 
The wreck of the Belle, the ruin of La Salle / 
Earth's climate : past and future / 
The Teapot Dome scandal trial : a headline court case / 
Onoto Watanna : the story of Winnifred Eaton / 
The trial of gangster Al Capone : a headline court case / 
The court-martial trial of West Point cadet Johnson Whittaker : a headline court case / 
Hate groups / 
Gun control : the pros and cons / 
Wings of pride : the story of Reno Air and its people / 
Tunneling to the future : the story of the great subway expansion that saved New York / 
Mirth making : the rhetorical discourse on jesting in early modern England / 
Grave goods : essays of a peculiar nature / 
Victorian relativity : radical thought and scientific discovery / 
Development and crisis of the welfare state : parties and policies in global markets / 
Shaping science with rhetoric : the cases of Dobzhansky, Schrödinger, and Wilson / 
Performing democracy : international perspectives on urban community-based performance / 
Being elsewhere : tourism, consumer culture, and identity in modern Europe and North America / 
Social science and policy-making : a search for relevance in the twentieth century / 
The Inuit of Canada / 
On to Richmond : the Civil War in the East, 1861-1862 / 
Cooking the Spanish way : revised and expanded to include new low-fat and vegetarian recipes / 
The Transcaucasus / 
Forum futures : exploring the future of higher education, 2000 papers / 
Peru / 
The autobiography of Nicholas Said : a native of Bornou, Eastern Soudan, Central Africa / 
The road to manufacturing success : common sense throughput solutions for small business / 
After Dachau : a novel / 
Let's talk about when you have to get stitches / 
Let's talk about feeling defeated / 
Imperial bodies : the physical experience of the Raj, c. 1800-1947 / 
St. Patrick's Day / 
Anne Bonny and Mary Read : fearsome female pirates of the eighteenth century / 
Jean Lafitte : pirate-hero of the war of 1812 / 
XYZ : 
Prairie dog town / 
Trouble in a fur coat / 
Johann Gutenberg : master of modern printing / 
Maury had a little lamb / 
Palm crows / 
Buying and believing : Sri Lankan advertising and consumers in a transnational world / 
The University of Minnesota, 1945-2000 / 
Meanings of war & peace / 
Donald Barthelme : the genesis of a cool sound / 
Professions : conversations on the future of literary and cultural studies / 
Competitive volleyball for girls / 
Going South : Jewish women in the civil rights movement / 
Our Monica, ourselves : the Clinton affair and the national interest / 
A glove on my heart : encounters with the mentally ill / 
The Chicago Bears football team / 
The Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team / 
The Detroit Pistons basketball team / 
Sports great Jeff Gordon / 
Top 10 women's sports legends / 
Top 10 stars of the NCAA men's basketball tournament / 
Guided meditations on covenant : consecrated, intimacy, a new covenant, fidelity / 
Horsefeathers! / 
Lock-In / 
Home is where your horse is / 
A house divided / 
Horse cents / 
Daughters of history : centennial memoirs of the Daughters of California Pioneers / 
Posture and movement of the child with cerebral palsy / 
The Lunda-Ndembu : style, change, and social transformation in South Central Africa / 
Diaries of girls and women : a midwestern American sampler / 
Life in Tokyo / 
The genuine Negro hero / 
Be quiet, Marina! / 
Lew Wallace, boy writer / 
How to draw sharks / 
How to draw whales / 
The bases of ethics / 
A sensible metaphysical realism / 
The Internet's coming of age / 
Trojan horses : saving the classics from conservatives / 
Whatever happened to the gospel of grace? : recovering the doctrines that shook the world / 
The world of the policy analyst : rationality, values, and politics / 
Imperfect histories : the elusive past and the legacy of romantic historicism / 
The ABC's of coronary heart disease / 
An architectural guidebook to Brooklyn / 
Camps and cottages : a stylish blend of old and new / 
An architectural guidebook to Portland / 
Cutting curves from straight pieces / 
What's wrong with a free lunch? / 
Pinpointing affluence in the 21st century : increasing your share of major donor dollars / 
Derek Jeter / 
Marion Jones / 
Work and employment in a globalized era : an Asia Pacific focus / 
The confessions of a beachcomber / 
Small log homes : storybook plans & advice / 
A is for America : an American alphabet / 
The New World figurine project / 
The church ladies : a novel / 
Three weddings and a giggle / 
Milton goes to the vet / 
Hildegard's healing plants : from her medieval classic Physica / 
GrowerTalks on pest control / 
William Motherwell's cultural politics / 
Anna Hubbard : out of the shadows / 
Television histories : shaping collective memory in the media age / 
Act of contrition / 
Henry James goes to the movies / 
Home and beyond : an anthology of Kentucky short stories / 
Engulfed : the death of Paramount Pictures and the birth of corporate Hollywood / 
It seems to me : selected letters of Eleanor Roosevelt / 
Silent heroes : downed airmen and the French underground / 
You bet your life : the burdens of gambling / 
From the mountain, from the valley : new and collected poems / 
The mystery of the screech owl / 
Hard bottom : a novel / 
Peripheral visions : the hidden stages of Weimar cinema / 
Perryville : this grand havoc of battle / 
The humor of the Old South / 
Expanding the envelope : flight research at NACA and NASA / 
On the edge of Earth : the future of American space power / 
Working thin waters : conversations with Captain Lawrence H. Malloy, Jr. / 
Sightlines : the view of a valley through the voice of depression / 
World atlas of golf / 
Only golf spoken here : colourful memoirs of a passionate Irish golfer / 
For the sake of peace : seven paths to global harmony, a Buddhist perspective / 
Wood frogs / 
How to draw African animals / 
How to draw fish / 
How to draw insects / 
Going for jazz : musical practices and American ideology / 
A day in the life of a colonial sea captain / 
Vikings : the Norse discovery of America / 
The first Thanksgiving / 
Duquesne and the rise of steel unionism / 
A Hanukkah holiday cookbook / 
Flying lessons : and other stories / 
Megan's law : protection or privacy / 
The Mayflower / 
Freeing the female body : inspirational icons / 
Viking Families and Farms / 
The Mercury 6 mission : the first American astronaut to orbit Earth / 
Everyday physical science experiments with magnetism / 
Medieval conduct / 
Greater Mesoamerica : the archaeology of West and Northwest Mexico / 
In praise of black women / 
Erotic anger : a user's manual / 
A Beckett canon / 
Pain, death, and the law / 
Before Motown : a history of jazz in Detroit, 1920-60 / 
Combating teen smoking : research and policy strategies / 
Food chains in a forest habitat / 
Our fathers : reflections by sons / 
Training across multiple locations : developing a system that works / 
World energy assessment : energy and the challenge of sustainability / 
The firstborn of many : a christology for converting Christians / 
Essential abs : an intense 6-week program / 
Producers in the food chain / 
Food chains in a backyard habitat / 
The Arctic wolf / 
Top 10 African-American men's athletes / 
Top 10 football legends / 
Northern lights / 
Meteor in the madhouse / 
Hadrian the Seventh / 
Essays on Karolina Pavlova / 
The haunted looking glass : ghost stories / 
Cornel West : a critical reader / 
Peer assisted learning : a practical guide for teachers / 
No biting, Puma! / 
Be gentle, Python! / 
Clinician's manual of oral and maxillofacial surgery / 
The battle over homework : common ground for administrators, teachers, and parents / 
Training mentors is not enough / 
A woman of significance : discovering your value and purpose in the eyes of God / 
Qualitative methods for marketplace research / 
Handbook of disability studies / 
How to pray : tapping into the power of divine communication / 
Kiss or kill : confessions of a serial climber / 
The quest for Corvo : an experiment in biography / 
Thanos Vlekas : a novel / 
The Suez Canal / 
Faster, better, cheaper : low-cost innovation in the U.S. space program / 
Homelands : a geography of culture and place across America / 
Stripe's naughty sister / 
Breast cancer / 
The Pawnee / 
Creating people of plenty : the United States and Japan's economic alternatives, 1950-1960 / 
Understanding Romeo and Juliet / 
Bats / 
Dandies : fashion and finesse in art and culture / 
The 100 best mutual funds to own in America / 
Well said, well spoken : 736 quotable quotes for educators / 
Japan in the Bluegrass / 
The public papers of Governor Brereton C. Jones, 1991-1995 / 
My brave boys : to war with Colonel Cross and the Fighting Fifth / 
Pet show !/ 
Potatoes / 
Rice / 
Lullaby for one fist / 
Communications / 
The Old Chisholm Trail : a cowboy song / 
Henry Sugimoto : painting an American experience / 
Perverse subsidies : how tax dollars can undercut the environment and the economy / 
Economic losses from marine pollution : a handbook  for assessment / 
Bunny party / 
The joyful shepherd / 
Girl talk / 
Seeing and being seen : tourism in the American West / 
Amerigo Vespucci / 
Jacques Cartier / 
"Music of my future" : the Schoenberg quartets and Trio / 
Born blue / 
Key battles of the Civil War / 
Soldiers of the Civil War / 
Unmaking the Japanese miracle : macroeconomic politics, 1985-2000 / 
The Zen teachings of Jesus / 
Dictionary of British women's organisations, 1825-1960 / 
Pillbug / 
Earwig / 
Firefly / 
Royal subjects : essays on the writings of James VI and I / 
Effective health risk messages : a step-by-step guide / 
Critical issues in psychotherapy : translating new ideas into practice / 
Social and psychological consequences of violent victimization / 
Media literacy / 
Handbook of multicultural counseling / 
Entertainment / 
Everyday life / 
Medicine / 
Transportation / 
A museum on the verge : a socioeconomic history of the Detroit Institute of Arts, 1882-2000 / 
Frederick Douglass : leader against slavery / 
Mary Church Terrell : leader for equality / 
Carter G. Woodson : the father of Black history / 
Mary McLeod Bethune : a great teacher / 
Langston Hughes : great American poet / 
Sojourner Truth : a voice for freedom / 
Satchel Paige : the best arm in baseball / 
Julian Bond : civil rights activist and chairman of the NAACP / 
Bessie Coleman : first black woman pilot / 
Louis Armstrong : jazz musician / 
Tender mercy for a mother's soul / 
The mirage / 
Mind over media : the power of making sound--entertainment choices / 
The discovery / 
Galen and Goliath / 
Dangerous dreams / 
Barn style homes : design ideas for timber frame houses / 
Collector's guide to Trenton Potteries / 
Direct wood sculpture : techniques, innovation, creativity / 
Mego action figure toys / 
What's a girl to do? / 
Bear in sunshine / 
Jacques Marquette and Louis Jolliet / 
How to draw animals of the rain forest / 
A Passover holiday cookbook / 
An Easter holiday cookbook / 
Oregon coastal access guide : a mile-by-mile guide to scenic and recreational attractions / 
A day in the life of a colonial glassblower / 
Clara Barton / 
When the hands are many : community organization and social change in rural Haiti / 
Morris County : birthplace of the future / 
Behind the diplomatic curtain : Adolphe de Bourqueney and French foreign policy, 1816-1869 / 
The origins of a Pacific Coast chiefdom : the Chumash of the Channel Islands / 
The role of the World Trade Organization in global governance / 
Experimental Americans : Celo and Utopian community in the twentieth century / 
Queering the Middle Ages / 
The grand option : personal transformation and a new creation / 
Don McNeill and his Breakfast Club / 
Killer superbugs : the story of drug-resistant diseases / 
Terrorism : political violence at home and abroad / 
Racism and ethnic bias : everybody's problem / 
Internet issues : pirates, censors, and cybersquatters / 
The New Hampshire century : Concord monitor profiles of one hundred people who shaped it / 
Beyond Tocqueville : civil society and the social capital debate in comparative perspective / 
Exotic journeys : exploring the erotics of U.S. travel literature, 1840-1930 / 
Asian Americans and politics : perspectives, experiences, prospects / 
Jacob van Ruisdael : a complete catalogue of his paintings, drawings, and etchings / 
The Christian perspective / 
A stitch in time : a baseball chronology, 1845-2000 / 
Critical literacy : a collection of articles from the Australian Literacy Educators' Association / 
Life on a crop farm / 
75 hikes in Oregon's Coast Range & Siskiyous / 
100 hikes in Utah / 
Mount Whitney : the complete trailhead-to-summit hiking guide / 
New horizons in health : an integrative approach / 
Critical race theory : an introduction / 
Art of the middle ages / 
Viking gods and legends / 
Bullfrogs / 
The Oregon Trail / 
Ancient Chinese art / 
Native American art / 
Hands-on projects about earth and space / 
Fort McHenry / 
Molly Pitcher / 
The home front in the North / 
The home front in the South / 
Without spot or wrinkle : reflecting theologically on the nature of the church / 
Atoms / 
A new kind of Christian : a tale of two friends on a spiritual journey / 
The Vikings / 
Sublime desire : history and post-1960s fiction / 
The rule of law in America / 
My house is killing me! : the home guide for families with allergies and asthma / 
Making and selling cars : innovation and change in the U.S. automotive industry / 
Headin' for better times : the arts of the great depression / 
The Russian Federation / 
The Hmong of Southeast Asia / 
Presidents, the presidency, and the political environment / 
Women take care : 
Soul, body, and survival : essays on the metaphysics of human persons / 
Cotton harvest management : use and influence of harvest aids / 
Comparative performance measurement / 
Goethe as woman : the undoing of literature / 
The Western paradox : a conservation reader / 
Mondrian: the transatlantic paintings / 
Philosophy and everyday life / 
Catechist's theology handbook / 
Free stuff for pet lovers on the Internet / 
Baboons : life in the troop / 
High drama in fabulous Toledo : a novel / 
Six months to live : learning from a young man with cancer / 
Is Jesus God? : finding our faith / 
Reasonably radical : deliberative liberalism and the politics of identity / 
Apples / 
Honey / 
Milk / 
Pasta / 
Appliqué designs : my Mother taught me to sew / 
Henry Adams : the historian as political theorist / 
Fantastic, fun reading programs / 
Quilts for chocolate lovers / 
Pine tree quilts : perfect patchwork piecing / 
Voyages of faith : explorations in Mormon Pacific history / 
Airplane adventures / 
Forest fires / 
Norway / 
May you always have an angel by your side : a Blue Mountain Arts collection / 
Skins : poems / 
Gossamer ribbons : an invitation to meditation / 
Brush well : a look at dental care / 
Sleep well : why you need to rest / 
Eat right : tips for good nutrition / 
Feel good : understand your emotions / 
Get moving : tips on exercise / 
Keep clean : a look at hygiene / 
Elephants : trunks and tusks / 
Chefs and cooks / 
Hyenas : hunters and scavengers / 
Electricians / 
Couriers / 
Lions : life in the pride / 
Radio announcers / 
School crossing guards / 
Giraffes : long-necked leaf-eaters / 
Leopards : spotted hunters / 
El Salvador / 
Hiking / 
Camping / 
Fly fishing / 
Freshwater fishing / 
The story jar / 
War in the age of technology : myriad faces of modern armed conflict / 
The modern British state : an historical introduction / 
Alabama governors : a political history of the state / 
Married to the mouse : Walt Disney World and Orlando / 
Lithic debitage : context, form, meaning / 
Sappho in early modern England : female same-sex literary erotics, 1550-1714 / 
Understanding Annie Proulx / 
The forty-nine steps / 
Testimony of a Bosnian / 
Earth negotiations : analyzing thirty years of environmental diplomacy / 
Self-taught & outsider art : the Anthony Petullo collection / 
Views on the Mississippi : the photographs of Henry Peter Bosse / 
We'll be in your mountains, we'll be in your songs : a Navajo woman sings / 
Fresh bread : seventy meditations / 
Nothing left unsaid : words to help you and your loved ones through the hardest times / 
Responses to suffering : yours and mine / 
Finding my way home : pathways to life and the spirit / 
Refocusing the vision : religious life into the future / 
The search for God in ancient Egypt / 
California firsts : the famous, infamous, and quirky of the Golden State / 
Pseudepigraphical images in early art / 
Haiti / 
Poland / 
Zebras : striped grass-grazers / 
Anaconda : labor, community, and culture in Montana's smelter city / 
Aharon Appelfeld : from individual lament to tribal eternity / 
Twice-told true tales of the Blue Ridge & Great Smokies / 
Global games / 
Networked art / 
Grassroots expectations of democracy and economy : Argentina in comparative perspective / 
Unexpected outcomes : electoral systems, political parties, and representation in Russia / 
The changing earth / 
Erosion / 
Fossils / 
Minerals / 
Rocks / 
The Creek Nation / 
What is philosophy? / 
Homelands : southern Jewish identity in Durham and Chapel Hill, North Carolina / 
Unitarianism in the Antebellum South : the other invisible institution / 
Before Gatsby : the first twenty-six stories / 
Money, trade, and power : the evolution of colonial South Carolina's plantation society / 
The Pequot tribe / 
The Arapaho tribe / 
The breakdown of class politics : a debate on post-industrial stratification / 
Managing with carrots : 
Coping with multiple sclerosis / 
How do we know the age of the earth / 
Scuba divers : life under water / 
Everything you need to know about human papillomavirus / 
Everything you need to know about food poisoning / 
The Tower of Pisa / 
Cystic fibrosis / 
The Crash of 1929 / 
Hodgkin's disease / 
The ingenious Mr. Henry Care, restoration publicist / 
The fight against big tobacco : the movement, the state, and the public's health / 
The Armenian Gospels of Gladzor : the life of Christ illuminated / 
Trauma and its representations : the social life of mimesis in post-revolutionary France / 
Dolphins and porpoises / 
Matt Damon / 
Neurobehavioral anatomy / 
The tumbleweed murders : a Claire Sharples botanical mystery / 
The punished self : surviving slavery in the colonial South / 
From reliable sources : an introduction to historical methods / 
Awakening the sleeping giant : helping teachers develop as leaders / 
Principal peer evaluation : promoting success from within / 
A divine revelation of the spirit realm / 
Using illustrations to preach with power / 
Meeting the ethical challenges of leadership : casting light or shadow / 
Family policy : constructed solutions to family problems / 
Cigarettes, nicotine, & health : a biobehavioral approach / 
Advanced focus group research / 
The handbook of counseling / 
Worlds apart : social inequalities in a new century / 
Reflections on humanitarian action : principles, ethics, and contradictions / 
Witchcraft, power, and politics : exploring the occult in the South African lowveld / 
African democracies and African politics / 
Rhinos : horn-faced chargers / 
Cougars / 
Annie Quinn in America / 
Cheetahs / 
Jaguars / 
Lynx / 
Soil / 
Savvy surfing on the Internet : searching and evaluating Web sites / 
Stepfamilies : how a new family works / 
The dream factory starring Anna & Henry / 
Elements of composition and rhetoric (1869) / 
Women inventors / 
Life among the Puritans / 
The Mohawks of North America / 
Illinois voices : an anthology of twentieth-century poetry / 
They sang for horses : the impact of the horse on Navajo & Apache folklore / 
Colcha / 
The book of the incipit : beginnings in the fourteenth century / 
Italian workers of the world : labor migration and the formation of multiethnic states / 
From the pen of a she-rebel : the Civil War diary of Emilie Riley McKinley / 
I am my language : discourses of women & children in the borderlands / 
Tracking prehistoric migrations : Pueblo settlers among the Tonto Basin Hohokam / 
Pilots choice / 
Little Wolf : forest detective / 
Play-by-play snowboarding / 
Play-by-play volleyball / 
Time matters : on theory and method / 
The geostrategic triad : living with China, Europe, and Russia / 
The Christmas surprise / 
Cool crafts for creative kids / 
Hitching a ride : omnibus legislating in the U.S. Congress / 
Energy for everything : rejuvenation for the mind, body, and soul / 
Black male fiction and the legacy of Caliban / 
Maximized manhood / 
For singles only / 
Proper attitudes toward leadership / 
A purple-golden renascence of Eden-exalting rainbows : 
Katya of Fort Ross / 
Pirate & gypsy girls / 
Pin-up nudes / 
Indian maidens / 
Seaside sweethearts / 
Window on the East : national and imperial identities in late tsarist Russia / 
Bicycling adventures / 
Bandits at sea : a pirates reader / 
The production of reality : essays and readings on social interaction / 
Sociological theory / 
The practice of research in criminology and criminal justice / 
Investigating the social world : the process and practice of research / 
Chickens on the farm / 
A look at China / 
Purchasing identity in the Atlantic world : Massachusetts merchants, 1670-1780 / 
The Story Tree : tales to read aloud / 
Fighter pilots : life at mach speed / 
Bruno Sammartino / 
Bobo Brazil / 
Secret agents : life as a professional spy / 
Helping children cope with divorce / 
The way into Jewish mystical tradition / 
The Civil War diary of a common soldier : William Wiley of the 77th Illinois Infantry / 
Hiawatha and Megissogwon / 
Alfarabi and the foundation of Islamic political philosophy / 
Travels with my Royal : a memoir of the writing life / 
Learning to be an anthropologist and remaining "Native" : selected writings / 
Anti-Indianism in modern America : a voice from Tatekeya's Earth / 
Congress reconsidered / 
Countdown to reform : the great social security debate / 
The new superleadership : leading others to lead themselves / 
Corpus linguistics in North America : selections from the 1999 symposium / 
Squaring up : policy strategies to raise women's incomes in the United States / 
Walking to Mackinac / 
Remembering Korea 1950 : a boy soldier's story / 
Democracy's constitution : claiming the privileges of American citizenship / 
Anthropological perspectives on technology / 
Joseph W. Byrns of Tennessee : a political biography / 
The American Aeneas : classical origins of the American self / 
Ralph Emerson McGill : voice of the southern conscience / 
Reflective practice to improve schools : an action guide for educators / 
Your mentor : a practical guide for first-year teachers in grades 1-3 / 
Raising standards or raising barriers? : inequality and high-stakes testing in public education / 
Month-by-month gardening in Pennsylvania / 
Self-esteem and the 6-second secret / 
How does God make things happen? / 
What does God look like? / 
Gorilla Monsoon / 
Demolition experts : life blowing things up / 
Careers with successful dot-com companies / 
Buying, driving, and enjoying the Porsche 356 / 
Criminological theories : traditional and non-traditional voices and themes / 
SAS programming for researchers and social scientists / 
Fundamentals of economic development finance / 
Exploratory research in the social sciences / 
Persuasion in society / 
Business-to-business marketing : a strategic approach / 
Mother of faith / 
Buried Treasure : hidden wisdom from the Hebrew language / 
These things I wish for you : reflections from a father's heart / 
Sun / 
It's a dog's New York / 
Careers in focus. 
Careers in focus. Law / 
The elementary school principal's calendar : a month-by-month planner for the school year / 
Careers in focus. 
Careers in focus. 
Careers in focus. 
Careers in focus. 
Loosed to love / 
Healing for the 21st century / 
Political consultants in U.S. congressional elections / 
Sociology for a new century / 
From anarchy to power : the net comes of age / 
Careers in focus. 
Everlasting quail / 
Citizenship today : global perspectives and practices / 
A look at Kenya / 
A house made of light : essays on the art of film / 
What to do when you're backed against the wall / 
A look at Mexico / 
Madison Square : the park and its celebrated landmarks / 
Suburban alchemy : 1960s new towns and the transformation of the American dream / 
Run with the champions : training programs and secrets of America's 50 greatest runners / 
A clear north light / 
Standing on the promises : a woman's guide for surviving the storms of life / 
Bear vs. man : recent attacks and how to avoid the increasing danger / 
Oubliette : poems / 
Christmas / 
Fort Sumter / 
As you like it cookbook : imaginative gourmet dishes with exciting vegetarian options / 
Internet resources and services for international real estate information / 
Thanksgiving / 
Health issues in the Black community / 
Granny Bloomers / 
Venus and Serena Williams : grand slam sisters / 
Against the dying of the light : a father's journey through loss / 
Campfires of freedom : the camp life of Black soldiers during the Civil War / 
In old Virginia : slavery, farming, and society in the journal of John Walker / 
Oak forest ecosystems : ecology and management for wildlife / 
Higher education law : the faculty / 
Cells / 
Horse therapists / 
Cheetahs / 
Lions / 
Spiders / 
Illinois / 
Indiana / 
Gangs / 
Police dogs / 
The sun / 
Jupiter / 
The logic of economic reform in Russia / 
Tsunamis / 
Leo Strauss on Plato's Symposium / 
1989 : revolutionary ideas and ideals / 
Managing as if faith mattered : Christian social principles in the modern organization / 
Presidential mandates : how elections shape the national agenda / 
The Red-cockaded Woodpecker : surviving in a fire-maintained ecosystem / 
My friend, you are legally blind : 
Visions of place : the city, neighborhoods, suburbs, and Cincinnati's Clifton, 1850-2000 / 
Washington's rail-trails : walking, running, bicycling, in-line skating, horseback riding / 
Building a workforce for the information economy / 
Nutrient requirements of dairy cattle / 
The complementary and alternative medicine information source book / 
Canal boats along the Illinois and Michigan Canal : a study in archaeological variability / 
Chicken pox / 
Colds / 
Head lice / 
Pink eye / 
Warts / 
Adolf Hitler / 
Benito Mussolini / 
Franklin D. Roosevelt / 
John F. Kennedy / 
Joseph Stalin / 
Winston Churchill / 
Pacific pottery / 
Silver novelties : in the gilded age, 1870-1910 / 
Coin banks by Banthrico / 
Georg Jensen : a tradition of splendid silver / 
Illuminating social life : classical and contemporary theory revisited / 
Cool school story / 
Introducing social psychology / 
Careers in focus. 
War and revolution : the United States and Russia, 1914-1921 / 
Saying and silence : listening to composition with Bakhtin / 
Motorcycles / 
Quilts for guys : 15 fun projects for your favorite fella / 
To Norma Jeane with love, Jimmie / 
Understanding the adventures of Huckleberry Finn / 
A Plains Indian village / 
Anorexia and bulimia / 
Leaders and generals / 
Directed by Allen Smithee / 
Contemporary folk art : treasures from the Smithsonian American Art Museum / 
The canoe shop : three elegant wooden canoes anyone can build / 
How do we know the laws of motion / 
Aging : the social context / 
Smoking : risk, perception & policy / 
The practice of health program evaluation / 
Color / 
Forces and motion / 
Hot and cold / 
Light and dark / 
Magnets / 
Materials / 
Solids, liquids, and gasses / 
Sound and hearing / 
Using electricity / 
Water / 
Caving adventures / 
Recovery from addiction : a practical guide to treatment, self-help, and quitting on your own / 
The Sixty Years' War for the Great Lakes, 1754-1814 / 
Cerebral palsy / 
Sickle cell disease / 
My father hunts Zulus, my mother puts up pickles : stories / 
Home is where the bus is / 
Alfarabi, the political writings : selected aphorisms and other texts / 
The power of Six Sigma : an inspiring tale of how Six Sigma is transforming the way we work / 
The new retirementality : planning your life and living your dreams-- at any age you want / 
Glass / 
Metal / 
Paper / 
Plastic / 
Wood / 
Wool / 
Another shot : how I relived my life in less than a year / 
Ethics and international affairs : extent and limits / 
Drawing conclusions on Henry Ford / 
Bringing the devil to his knees : the craft of fiction and the writing life / 
Eastern magnificence & European ingenuity : clocks of late imperial China / 
Out of the red : building capitalism and democracy  in postcommunist Europe / 
The edge of meaning / 
If white kids die : memories of a civil rights movement volunteer / 
The hermitage / 
Real estate à la carte : selecting the services you need, paying what they're worth / 
Permission-based E-mail marketing that works! / 
The homeseller's kit / 
If you're clueless about the stock market and want to know more / 
The homebuyer's kit / 
The monsters of Morley Manor / 
Arte latino : treasures from the Smithsonian American Art Museum / 
Singing our way to victory : French cultural politics and music during the Great War / 
Agrarian studies : synthetic work at the cutting edge / 
Volunteering : giving back / 
Self-acceptance : building confidence / 
Developing democratic character in the young / 
Small places, large issues : an introduction to social and cultural anthropology / 
The temple : the poetry of George Herbert / 
Little talks with God / 
For those we love but see no longer : Daily Offices for times of grief / 
The Rocky Mountain fur trade / 
Rolling back revolution : the emergence of low intensity conflict / 
Retrovision : reinventing the past in film and fiction / 
A look at Russia / 
Children of AIDS: Africa's orphan crisis / 
The secret of Dead Man's Mine : a Rinnah Two Feathers mystery / 
The multicultural Southwest : a reader / 
Jardinería desértica : mes por mes / 
Beyond the myths and magic of mentoring : how to facilitate an effective mentoring process / 
Cooking the Chinese way : revised and expanded to include new low-fat and vegetarian recipes / 
The Beatles / 
ADD and ADHD / 
Panic disorder / 
Learning by heart / 
Conducting a successful fundraising program : a comprehensive guide and resource / 
Successful new employee orientation : assess, plan, conduct, and evaluate your program / 
The consultant's quick start guide : an action plan for your first year in business / 
Saturn / 
A cloudy day / 
A rainy day / 
A snowy day / 
A sunny day / 
A windy day / 
Necessary kindling : poems / 
Monsters / 
Partnering in the learning marketspace / 
What's the matter with the Internet? / 
The eclectic odyssey of Atlee B. Ayres, architect / 
Reinventing the university : literacies and legitimacy in the postmodern academy / 
Modeling in natural resource management : development, interpretation, and application / 
A Survey of sustainable development : social and economic dimensions / 
Portuguese homestyle cooking / 
Hands-on ideas for ministry with young teens / 
Fostering emotional intelligence in K-8 students : simple strategies and ready-to-use activities / 
A Carra King : an Inspector Matt Minogue mystery / 
Fiesta femenina : celebrating women in Mexican folktale / 
Gardening mercies : finding God in your garden / 
The winter garden : a novel / 
The long awaited child / 
Where ya gonna go? : now that you're a graduate / 
Human evolution through developmental change / 
Pavlov's physiology factory : experiment, interpretation, laboratory enterprise / 
Hegel and the hermetic tradition / 
International law and the rise of nations : the state system and the challenge of ethnic groups / 
On the body : a contemporary theology of the human person / 
Natural law : reflections on theory and practice / 
The unknown Sigrid Undset : Jenny and other works / 
Paul Revere and the Minutemen of the American Revolution / 
Starving on a full stomach : hunger and the triumph of cultural racism in modern South Africa / 
Against the third way : an anti-capitalist critique / 
The Ethiopian wolf / 
Groundhog day / 
Robert Rogers : Rogers' Rangers and the French and Indian War / 
Pumas / 
Re-founding the world : a western testament / 
Letters from prison : voices of women murderers / 
Choosing character : responsibility for virtue and vice / 
Two-for-one foundation piecing : reversible quilts and more / 
Schools with spirit : nurturing the inner lives of children and teachers / 
The work of mourning / 
Being dead : stories / 
Plundered promise : capitalism, politics, and the fate of the federal lands / 
The wizard's dilemma / 
Le petit prince/ 
Der kleine Prinz / 
Regulus, vel, Pueri soli sapiunt / 
El principito / 
Badger's new house / 
Gardening with prairie plants : how to create beautiful native landscapes / 
Jaguars / 
Lions / 
Backhoes / 
Tractors / 
Cranes / 
The African wild dog / 
Captain Kidd : seventeenth-century pirate of the Indian Ocean and African coast / 
Bulldozers / 
Cheetahs / 
A day in the life of a colonial cabinetmaker / 
Wheel loaders / 
The power of positive choices : adding and subtracting your way to a great life / 
Ella dijo que sí : el inverosímil martirio de Cassie Bernall / 
Food chains in a tide pool habitat / 
Earth Day / 
Ethan Allen : the Green Mountain boys and Vermont's path to statehood / 
A Kwanzaa holiday cookbook / 
Omnivores in the food chain / 
Martin Puryear / 
The best and worst country in the world : perspectives on the early Virginia landscape / 
Scavengers and parasites in the food chain / 
Carnivores in the food chain / 
Hands on projects about weather and climate / 
Lots of leaves : learning the L sound / 
What a baker makes : learning the long A sound / 
Be safe on the bus / 
Plymouth : surviving the first winter / 
Hands on projects about oceans / 
Francis Marion : the Swamp Fox of the American Revolution / 
In the ring with Goldberg / 
The life cycle of a duck / 
Hands-on projects about changes in the earth / 
Henry Morgan : seventeenth-century buccaneer / 
The life cycle of a painted turtle / 
The Apollo 13 mission : surviving an explosion in space / 
Apollo 11 mission : the first man to walk on the moon / 
John Paul Jones and the American navy / 
A history of Jones Creek Baptist Church, Long County, Georgia, 1810-2000 : 
Making origami fish step by step / 
Making origami vehicles step by step / 
Everyday physical science experiments with gases / 
Self-realization (Brahmaanubhava) : the Advaitic perspective of Shankara / 
Civil society in Indian cultures : Indian philosophical studies, III / 
The medical care of terminally ill patients / 
The riddle of Amish culture / 
Religion and violence : philosophical perspectives from Kant to Derrida / 
The Bhagavad Gita : a walkthrough for Westerners / 
Myth adventures one / 
Modernism & abstraction : treasures from the Smithsonian American Art Museum / 
On the job : learning the short O sound / 
The wild wolf : learning the w sound / 
Pet pals : learning the P sound / 
Marquis de Lafayette : French hero of the American Revolution / 
Gender in history / 
Manatee / 
Introduction to analysis of variance : design, analysis, & interpretation / 
Regression basics / 
Quilting back to front : fun & easy no-mark techniques / 
A centre of wonders : the body in early America / 
75 scrambles in Washington : classic routes to the summits / 
Terrorism and U.S. foreign policy / 
The Birman cat / 
The Ragdoll cat / 
Goldberg, pro wrestler Bill Goldberg / 
Mankind : pro wrestler Mick Foley / 
Stone Cold : pro wrestler Steve Austin / 
The Rock : pro wrestler Rocky Maivia / 
Florida firsts : the famous, infamous, and quirky of the Sunshine State / 
The exotic cat / 
The sphynx cat / 
Family fun : learning the f sound / 
A day with my dad : learning the D sound / 
Cats and kittens : learning the hard c and k sound / 
Something I expected to be different / 
Satellite / 
Zora Neale Hurston, writer and storyteller / 
Ralph J. Bunche : peacemaker / 
America's private forests : status and stewardship / 
Everyday physical science experiments with solids / 
The Endeavour mission STS-61 : fixing the Hubble Space Telescope / 
"Unsinkable" Molly Brown / 
Sailing adventures / 
The four-minute ambush / 
The atom bomb / 
Brad Pitt / 
African-American concert dance : the Harlem Renaissance and beyond / 
The one culture? : a conversation about science / 
Represented communities : Fiji and world decolonization / 
Passing and the rise of the African American novel / 
Selling the Indian : commercializing & appropriating American Indian cultures / 
O'odham creation & related events / 
Spanish American women's use of the word : colonial through contemporary narratives / 
Writing fiction for children : stories only you can tell / 
Siberian village : land and life in the Sakha Republic / 
A hiking guide to Cedar Mesa : southeast Utah / 
Faulkner's questioning narratives : fiction of his major phase, 1929-42 / 
In the city : learning the soft C sound / 
Disinformation : American multinationals at war against Europe / 
The Black Dog summer on the vineyard cookbook / 
Lights of the modern world : Orthodox Christian mission and evangelism in the United States / 
The Yanomami of South America / 
Rap music / 
Case scenarios for teaching and learning social work practice / 
Rachel : the story of Rachel Carson / 
How Charlie Shavers died and other poems / 
Encyclopedia of women in the ancient world / 
Life in an Amish community / 
Planning special events / 
Conducting a successful annual giving program : a comprehensive guide and resource / 
Beyond the podium : delivering training and performance to a digital world / 
Oprah Winfrey / 
River to victory : the Civil War in the West, 1861-1863 / 
The last best hope : a democracy reader / 
Fun works : creating places where people love to work / 
German immigrants, 1820-1920 / 
Discover the beta glucan secret! : 
Just bugs : learning the short U sound / 
Choosing a career as a paralegal / 
Mountain men of the West / 
Kate from Philadelphia : the life of Saint Katharine Drexel for children / 
Bacchus and civic order : the culture of drink in early modern Germany / 
The crafty reader / 
Mental illness and violence : the importance of neighborhood context / 
How to lead work teams : facilitation skills / 
Chicago people / 
Proud and angry dust / 
The Griffith family & the founding of Georgetown / 
A history of bisexuality / 
Walkways and drives : design ideas for grand entrances / 
Hula heaven : the queen's album / 
Pairpoint lamp catalog : shade shapes Papillon through Windsor & related material / 
The stadium game / 
Sadie's song / 
Life on hold : finding hope in the face of serious illness / 
A seeking heart : rediscovering true worship : study guide / 
Making today count for eternity / 
Only a woman : claiming your amazing power in Christ / 
Roanoke County and the Roanoke Valley : turning the century / 
Louis Armstrong / 
Colombia / 
Toni Morrison / 
Tiger talk : learning the t sound / 
You need your nose : learning the N sound / 
Meet my mom : learning the M sound / 
Everlasting stories : a family Bible treasury / 
Theodore Roosevelt : our twenty-sixth president / 
Harry S. Truman : our thirty-third president / 
Richard M. Nixon : our thirty-seventh president / 
George Bush : our forty-first president / 
Rosa Parks : a level two reader / 
Helen Keller : a level two reader / 
Jackie Robinson / 
Postal workers / 
Firefighters / 
Dancers / 
The Boston Tea Party : a level three reader / 
The Declaration of Independence : a level three reader / 
The Revolutionary War : a level three reader / 
Underground / 
Deserts / 
Forests / 
Oceans : a level two reader / 
Cuba / 
The Bahamas / 
Scotland / 
Fiji / 
Somalia / 
Switzerland / 
Uganda / 
Venezuela / 
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time / 
Going to school during the Great Depression / 
Going to school during the Civil War : the Confederacy / 
I go to the garden : learning the hard G sound / 
Floods / 
Blizzards / 
How to conquer giants : the top ten success principles from the world's richest man / 
Scorpion, a good bad horse / 
Your naturally healthy home : stylish, safe, simple / 
Psychological dimensions of the self / 
Handbook of interview research : context & method/ 
In the ring with Kevin Nash / 
In the ring with Sting / 
In the ring with Scott Steiner / 
Castillo de San Marcos / 
Fort Laramie / 
Leopard frogs / 
The Transcontinental Railroad / 
The jumping spider / 
Tigers / 
Making origami Christmas decorations step by step / 
Dragsters / 
Colorado's Lost Creek Wilderness : classic summit hikes / 
Children of the storm : the true story of the Pleasant Hill School bus tragedy / 
Exploring tech careers : 
Andre the Giant / 
Exploits and adventures of Brigadier Gerard / 
Triadic exchanges : studies in dialogue interpreting / 
Fascinating mammals : conservation and ecology in the mid-eastern states / 
No one ailing except a physician : medicine in the mining West, 1848-1919 / 
Science, money, and politics : political triumph and ethical erosion / 
Saint-Simon and the court of Louis XIV / 
Urban centers and rural contexts in late antiquity / 
The Funk family / 
Shifting tides : Cuban photography after the revolution / 
Ric Flair / 
Influenza and other viruses / 
The Spanish-American War / 
The space race / 
The natural waterways of Ireland : a traveler's guide to rental boating / 
Energy alternatives / 
Energy transfer / 
Nuclear energy / 
Paul Revere's ride : a level three reader / 
Porsche 356 performance guide / 
Starr Smith's southern scenes : journeys through a lovely land / 
The ESRI Press dictionary of GIS terminology / 
Language impairment and psychopathology in infants, children, and adolescents / 
Norwegian, Swedish, and Danish immigrants, 1820-1920 / 
Behind the scenes : sketches of selected South Carolina first ladies / 
Valentine's Day / 
Drama club / 
Leopards / 
The Sahara : world's largest desert / 
Ceramic art tile for your home / 
Dana's valley / 
Siberian tigers / 
Karate / 
Kung fu / 
Days of the ducklings / 
The metaphysics of beauty / 
The United States and Pakistan, 1947-2000 : disenchanted allies / 
Healing logics : culture and medicine in modern health belief systems / 
Give it some thought : quotes to remember & questions to ponder / 
Getting real / 
The sacred bedroom : creating your sanctuary for spirituality, sensuality, and solace / 
Tribe of women : a photojournalist chronicles the lives of her sisters around the globe / 
20 communication tips @ work : a quick and easy guide to better business relationships / 
A still small voice : a psychic's guide to awakening intuition / 
A compact for higher education / 
The best of Stoy Hedges / 
Cells, gels and the engines of life : a new, unifying approach to cell function / 
880-02 Sefer Ḳitsur dine terumot u-maʻaśerot / 
Raising a spiritual child : a Jewish perspective / 
Dye connections / 
The right to property in commonwealth constitutions / 
Family and friends in eighteenth-century England : household, kinship, and patronage / 
Prostitution and sexuality in Shanghai : a social history 1849-1949 / 
Objectivity in law and morals / 
Winslow Homer : illustrating America / 
Suits : the clothes make the man / 
Principles of object-oriented software development / 
Dangling / 
Latino read-aloud stories / 
The Pacific Coast / 
The twins / 
Greeting card magic with rubber stamps / 
Stenciling & embossing greeting cards : 18 quick, creative, unique & easy-to-do projects / 
Archimedes' bathtub : the art and logic of breakthrough thinking / 
The Cambridge companion to Victorian poetry / 
Brecht's poetry of political exile / 
Virtual war : Kosovo and beyond / 
Headlock : a novel / 
Making the skeleton dance : poems and dialogues / 
Outlaw machine : Harley-Davidson and the search for the American soul / 
CyberQuest / 
Trouble at Fort La Pointe / 
Portrait of lies / 
Floods / 
Hurricanes / 
Tornadoes / 
Drought / 
Earthquakes / 
Bibliographie des oeuvres d'Erckmann-Chatrian et de la critique publiées en France, 1844-1998 / 
Elements of electromagnetics / 
Computer-aided project management / 
Introduction to electrical engineering / 
Electric machinery and transformers / 
Thermo-mechanical fatigue behavior of materials. Third volume / 
Distance education in nursing / 
Color atlas of clinical embryology / 
Chest medicine : essentials of pulmonary and critical care medicine / 
Human physiology : the mechanisms of body function / 
Emergency imaging of the acutely ill or injured child / 
Patients with cancer : understanding the psychological pain / 
Kelley's textbook of rheumatology / 
Silent to the bone / 
Teachers organizing for change : making literacy learning everybody's business / 
Twilight in Arcadia : tobacco farming in Indiana / 
The Old Latin Gospels : a study of their texts and language / 
Twentieth-century British political facts, 1900-2000 / 
Risk, trust, and welfare / 
Semantics / 
Screech! : a book about bats / 
Comparative public administration / 
Immunology and drug therapy of allergic skin diseases / 
Contemporary nationalism : civic, ethnocultural, and multicultural politics / 
Global political economy : contemporary theories / 
Poland and the European Union / 
Teacher evaluation and student achievement / 
A survey of the Old Testament / 
100 Christian women who changed the twentieth century / 
Eschatology and Christian nurture : themes in Anglo-Saxon and medieval religious life / 
MetaCreations Painter 6 : a digital approach to natural art media / 
Careers in health care / 
Notes from Madoo : making a garden in the Hamptons / 
Social constructivism and the philosophy of science / 
Biology of menopause / 
The Lebesgue-Stieltjes integral : a practical introduction / 
Love of spaniels : the ultimate tribute to cockers, springers, and other great spaniels / 
The Christ-centered woman : finding balance in a world of extremes / 
Football in Baltimore : history and memorabilia / 
Marketing and feminism : current issues and research / 
God knows his name : the true story of John Doe no. 24 / 
Sovereign virtue : the theory and practice of equality / 
A girlfriends gift : reflections on the extraordinary bonds of friendship / 
Rags to riches : motivating stories of how ordinary people achieved extraordinary wealth / 
The path of transformation : how healing ourselves can change the world / 
The tales fossils tell / 
Orthofix external fixation : in trauma and orthopaedics / 
Events that changed America through the seventeenth century / 
Correspondence, 1945-1984 / 
Clinical kinesiology for physical therapist assistants / 
Policy as practice : toward a comparative sociocultural analysis of educational policy / 
The War of 1812 / 
A quiet room : the poetry of Zen Master Jakushitsu / 
Golf U.S.A. : a guide to the best golf courses and resorts / 
Honour redeemed : a Markham of the marines novel / 
Honour be damned : a Markham of the Marines novel / 
Hummer Hummingbird / 
Cindy Sparrow / 
Dinky Duck / 
Voice therapy : clinical studies / 
Steichen's legacy : photographs, 1895-1973 / 
Accounting and finance for your small business / 
Financial accounting : tools for business decision making / 
Joey Pigza loses control / 
Clinical biomechanics of spinal manipulation  / 
Drosophila protocols / 
How to photograph in natural light / 
Obstetric anesthesia handbook / 
Surgical technology for the surgical technologist : a positive care approach / 
Rationalizations to live by / 
A nearly normal life : a memoir / 
School smarts : all the right answers to homework, teachers, popularity, and more! / 
IT services : costs, metrics, benchmarking, and marketing / 
Attitude is everything / 
Race, racism, and American law / 
How to make your child a reader for life / 
Practical theology : perspectives from the plains / 
The composite guide to volleyball / 
Great Oaks / 
The spy / 
Ironman's ultimate guide to natural bodybuilding / 
Multiracial identity : an international perspective / 
The new options market / 
Biblical counseling for today : a handbook for those who counsel from scripture / 
Fundamentals of employment law / 
Financial reporting and analysis : using financial accounting information / 
Cardiopulmonary anatomy and physiology / 
Boundary waters canoe camping / 
Distance training : taking stock at a time of change / 
Joseph's choice, 1861 / 
Tim and Ginger / 
Remember the ladies : 100 great American women / 
Tim in danger / 
Tim's friend Towser / 
The gray and the black : the Confederate debate on emancipation / 
Interculturalism and resistance in the London theater, 1660-1800 : identity, performance, empire / 
[Iz Moskvy da v Pekin : vospominanii︠a︡ / 
Gone in 60 seconds : a novel / 
The serpent's tale : snakes in folklore and literature / 
Moving on : the American people since 1945 / 
History.edu : essays on teaching with technology / 
The loss of the ship Essex, sunk by a whale  / 
Evaluating children's writing : a handbook of communication choices for classroom teachers / 
Hamlet : the new Variorum edition / 
Last puzzle & testament / 
Chokecherries : new and selected poems, 1966-1999 / 
Realware / 
Vastu living : creating a home for the soul / 
Street Zen : the life and work of Issan Dorsey / 
Straight talk : growing as multicultural educators / 
Escape from cluelessness : a guide for the organizationally challenged / 
Standards in the classroom : how teachers and students negotiate learning / 
Hybridity and its discontents : politics, science, culture / 
Comparative politics : interests, identities, and institutions in a changing global order / 
How to get a job if you're a teenager / 
Asia in the undergraduate curriculum : a case for Asian studies in liberal arts education / 
What if China doesn't democratize? : implications for war and peace / 
Trainers in motion : creating a participant-centered learning experience / 
Inside the Olympic industry : power, politics, and activism / 
Spiritual guides for the 21st century : faith stories of the Protestant reformers / 
Democracy and institutions : the life work of Arend Lijphart / 
Coding guide for surgeries and procedures of the breast / 
Skateboarding : check it out / 
The autumn equinox : celebrating the harvest / 
Hear the just word & live it / 
Fragmented ties : Salvadoran immigrant networks in America / 
Myths in stone : religious dimensions of Washington, D.C. / 
Visions of holiness : art and devotion in Renaissance Italy / 
Perioperative services : administration, resource management, and patient care / 
Geriatric nursing research digest / 
News : the politics of illusion / 
The whispering statue / 
What happened at midnight / 
On the ceiling = Au plafond / 
Bakkhai / 
Spiritualism and British society between the wars / 
Revolutionary women in Russia, 1870-1917 : a study in collective biography / 
Theatre and empire : Great Britain on the London stages under James VI and I / 
Scottish society, 1707-1830 : beyond Jacobitism, towards industrialisation / 
Literatures of memory : history, time, and space in postwar writing / 
Myth, legend, dust : critical responses to Cormac McCarthy / 
The Beat Hotel : Ginsberg, Burroughs, and Corso in Paris, 1958-1963 / 
Chancers : a novel / 
The age of Charles Martel / 
A historical guide to Edgar Allan Poe / 
Grow long, blessed night : 
In her own time : women and developmental issues in pastoral care / 
Critical survey of long fiction / 
Political passions : gender, the family, and political argument in England, 1680-1714 / 
Revolutions : the revolutionary tradition in the West, 1560-1991 / 
Perpetual war for perpetual peace / 
Rescue me : a love story / 
My brother's keeper / 
The journal of Augustus Pelletier : the Lewis and Clark Expedition / 
God and globalization / 
Electronic communications systems : fundamentals through advanced / 
Ethiopia / 
Welcome to Colombia / 
Eternal security / 
Chinese perspectives on Sino-American relations, 1950-2000 / 
Library disaster planning and recovery handbook / 
Cocaine and your nose : the incredibly disgusting story / 
Women and distance education : challenges and opportunities / 
The Middle East remembered : forged identities, competing narratives, contested spaces / 
Psychology : an evolutionary approach / 
Personal financial planning / 
Adventure kayaking : trips on Cape Cod : includes Cape Cod National Seashore / 
Outline of a phenomenology of right / 
Teaching with the Internet : strategies and models for K-12 curricula / 
Cutting corporate welfare / 
The WTO : five years of reasons to resist corporate globalization / 
Aristotle and the theology of the living immortals / 
Badge of valor : the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial / 
The year of Abi Crim / 
Inventing a discipline : rhetoric scholarship in honor of Richard E. Young / 
French paintings of the nineteenth century / 
The 100 greatest baseball players of the 20th century ranked / 
The five love languages of teenagers / 
Voices : poetry and art from around the world / 
Radio live! television live! : those golden days when horses were coconuts / 
Programming distributed applications with COM+ and Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0 / 
Microsoft Visual Basic design patterns / 
20 common problems in pediatrics / 
Essentials of computers for nurses : informatics for the new millenium / 
Discourse on colonialism / 
The Finale primer : mastering the art of music notation with Finale / 
Web database development step by step / 
Networking services developer's reference library / 
The German polity / 
Distributed applications with Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0 : MSCD training kit : for Exam 70-015 / 
Gatherings : favorite writings / 
Black Atlantic politics : dilemmas of political empowerment in Boston and Liverpool / 
Curriculum & consequence : Herbert M. Kliebard and the promise of schooling / 
Christopher Columbus / 
Ready-to-use motor skills & movement station lesson plans for young children / 
Literacy development in the early years : helping children read and write / 
It's the media, stupid / 
Chiasms : Merleau-Ponty's notion of flesh / 
Plato's introduction to the question of justice / 
Crime and culture in Yup'ik villages : an exploratory study / 
European foreign policy : key documents / 
Treatment planning in career counseling / 
Professional responsibility : problems of practice and the profession / 
Criminal law / 
Why golf? : the mystery of the game revisited / 
The Code of Cuenca : municipal law on the twelfth-century Castilian frontier / 
A history of dance in American higher education : dance and the American university / 
Thicker than blood : bonds of fantasy and reality in adoption / 
Foundations of Hegel's social theory : actualizing freedom / 
Gender mosaics : social perspectives : original readings / 
Leper Priest of Moloka'i : the Father Damien story / 
Globalization and networked societies : urban-regional change in Pacific Asia / 
Religious truth / 
Ultimate realities / 
Bearing witness to crime and social justice / 
Topics in geometric group theory / 
The gift of rivers : true stories of life on the water / 
Control 2000 : mineral and metallurgical processing / 
On solid ground : strategies for teaching reading K-3 / 
The sociology of gender : a brief introduction / 
The modern gang reader / 
Juvenile delinquency : causes and control / 
Husserl or Frege? : meaning, objectivity, and mathematics / 
Worldwide worship : prayers, songs, and poetry / 
Strongman's his name-- II / 
Walter Benjamin : overpowering conformism / 
Capitalism and its economics : a critical history / 
Living in the number one country : reflections from a critic of American empire / 
All things censored / 
Thinking from A to Z / 
Peasants, populism, and postmodernism : the return of the agrarian myth / 
The bridesmaid's survival guide : a hilarious handbook to womanhood's most dubious distinction / 
The evolution of counseling psychology / 
The biography of Lee Shau-kee / 
Spirit in nature : teaching Judaism and ecology on the trail  / 
Model theory, algebra, and geometry / 
The magic of soy : healthy cooking with soy protein / 
Hunting weapons : from the Middle Ages to the twentieth century / 
Dinosaur : the evolution of an animated feature / 
Gerrit Dou, 1613-1675 : master painter in the age of Rembrandt / 
Work life : Tod Williams, Billie Tsien / 
50 American heroes every kid should meet / 
America's jubilee / 
The challenge of Jesus' parables / 
The letters of John / 
Language diversity and education / 
The straight pool bible : personal instruction from a world champion / 
The right hand of sleep / 
Light action in the Caribbean : stories / 
Ella in bloom / 
The beginner's guide to homeschooling / 
Lully studies / 
Career opportunities in the music industry / 
Popular songs of the twentieth century : a charted history / 
The electronic b@zaar : from the silk road to the eroad / 
Mobile robot localization and map building : a multisensor fusion approach / 
On borders : perspectives on international migration in Southern Africa / 
The art of arts : rediscovering painting / 
Space-time processing for CDMA mobile communications / 
Power over Satan / 
A string of pearls / 
Theory of financial risks : from statistical physics to risk management / 
Essential beauty : using nature's essential oils to rejuvenate, replenish, and revitalize / 
The neighborhood forager : a guide for the wild food gourmet / 
ADHD : helping parents help their children / 
Managing addictions : cognitive, emotive, and behavioral techniques / 
The four witnesses : the rebel, the rabbi, the chronicler, and the mystic / 
Heroes, monsters & messiahs : movies and television shows as the mythology of American culture / 
The best Hawaiian style Mother Goose ever! : Hawai'i's version of 14 very popular verses / 
The birth of coffee / 
Tell me how fast it goes / 
The losers' club / 
The Kennedy family and the story of mental retardation / 
Postmodern journeys : film and culture, 1996-1998 / 
En aquel entonces = In years gone by : readings in Mexican-American history / 
The Writer's market companion / 
The big red sled / 
What's my job?  / 
Spiders everywhere / 
The little locksmith : a memoir / 
Life in the Leatherwoods / 
Daily life in ancient and modern Moscow / 
Herakles / 
Between worlds : a reader, rhetoric, and handbook / 
Aristocrats of color : the Black elite, 1880-1920 / 
Jump time : shaping your future in a world of radical change / 
A treasury of Shakespeare's verse / 
Iris and her friends : a memoir of memory and desire / 
The midnight train home / 
Bartlett's book of anecdotes / 
These granite islands : a novel / 
Authenticity and fiction in the Russian literary journey, 1790-1840 / 
Historians on history : an anthology  / 
Musings : tales of truth & wisdom  / 
Death of a red heroine / 
The fat man from La Paz : contemporary fiction from Bolivia / 
The free thinkers : two novellas / 
Stories that changed America : muckrakers of the 20th century / 
The murder of the Jews in Latvia : 1941-1945 / 
Britain and European integration, 1945-1998 : a documentary history / 
Buffalo Bill Cody : the man behind the legend / 
The ultimate Disney trivia book 4 / 
Painting close-focus flowers in watercolor / 
Exploring the universe : science activities for kids / 
Shifting ground : the changing agricultural soils of China and Indonesia / 
39 microlectures : in proximity of performance / 
The unknown city : contesting architecture and social space : a Strangely Familiar project / 
More Christmas ornaments kids can make / 
The healthy environment / 
Carl Sagan's cosmic connection : an extraterrestrial perspective / 
Infanticide by males and its implications / 
The economics of the British stage, 1800-1914 / 
Looking into the earth : an introduction to geological geophysics / 
The invention of the historic monument / 
Roberto Burle Marx : landscapes reflected / 
Mr. Lincoln's bridge builders : the right hand of American genius / 
The American wild turkey : reflections on the bird, the hunt, and the hunter / 
Predators and prey / 
Plants and planteaters / 
Neuropeptide Y protocols / 
Automatic indexing and abstracting of document texts / 
Crisis and change in the Japanese financial system / 
The Euro as a stabilizer in the international economic system / 
High performance computing systems and applications / 
The Boer war : historiography and annotated bibliography / 
Anastasia, the last Grand Duchess / 
One woman short : a novel / 
Freud's Megalomania / 
Susan Sontag : the making of an icon / 
The 1920s : luck / 
What counts : focus and quantification / 
Child abuse and neglect : multidisciplinary approaches / 
Take it to the hoop, Magic Johnson / 
Stone field, true arrow : a novel / 
States versus markets : the emergence of a global economy / 
Congressional elections : campaigning at home and in Washington / 
Market trading tactics : beating the odds through technical analysis and money management / 
CEO succession / 
Football stadiums / 
The new homeowner's handbook : what to do after you move in / 
The twilight of American culture / 
At zero tolerance : punishment, prevention, and school violence / 
Embeddedness & corporate change in a global economy / 
The Missouri State Fair : images of a midwestern tradition / 
African American visual artists : an annotated bibliography of educational resource materials / 
Introduction to behavioral research methods / 
The Real plan and the exchange rate / 
Quality mentoring for novice teachers / 
Bibliographic management of information resources in health sciences libraries / 
Texas School Book Depository : prose poems / 
Classics in film and fiction / 
Popular modernity in America : experience, technology, mythohistory / 
Heidi / 
Peter Pan / 
Here comes the rain / 
The night before Christmas / 
Flashman and the tiger and other extracts from The Flashman papers / 
The tooth book / 
History of the Ptolemaic empire / 
Reservoir dogs / 
True romance / 
Timing optimization through clock skew scheduling / 
The ideals treasury of prayer / 
The last good Freudian / 
Goodbye, evil eye : stories / 
From Herzl to Rabin : the changing image of Zionism / 
Engineering approaches to mechanical and robotic design for minimally invasive surgery (MIS) / 
I can't believe it's yoga for kids! / 
At the sign of the star / 
Wildlife conservation by sustainable use / 
Cooperative games on combinatorial structures / 
The world of the yeshiva : an intimate portrait of Orthodox Jewry / 
Wales in the 21st century : an economic future / 
What we come in for : stories / 
Machine design : an integrated approach / 
Biocatalysis : from discovery to application / 
Biotransformations / 
Bioorganic chemistry : models and applications / 
Biosynthesis : polyketides and vitamins / 
Active Directory developer's reference library / 
Célestin Freinet / 
Teen guide to personal financial management / 
Euro-Mediterranean partnership for the 21st century / 
Sports : a reference guide and critical commentary, 1980-1999 / 
Historical encyclopedia of U.S. presidential use of force, 1789-2000 / 
Endangered peoples of Oceania : struggles to survive and thrive / 
The Cambridge companion to German idealism / 
De-facing power / 
The Evolutionary emergence of language : social function and the origins of linguistic form / 
Marvelous multiplication : games and activities that make math easy and fun / 
World War II days : discover the past with exciting projects, games, activities, and recipes / 
Arguing well / 
Validation instruments for community pharmacy : pharmaceutical care for the third millennium / 
A long way from Tipperary : a memoir / 
Altering states : ethnographies of transition in Eastern Europe and the Former Soviet Union / 
Remembering Heraclitus / 
The developmental psychopathology of anxiety / 
Using your chakras : a new approach to healing your life / 
The tragedy of Russia's reforms : market bolshevism against democracy / 
Leaders in the crucible : the moral voice of college presidents / 
Civil Islam : Muslims and democratization in Indonesia / 
The runaway tortilla / 
Classic Asian philosophy : a guide to the essential texts / 
The republics and regions of the Russian Federation : a guide to politics, policies, and leaders / 
Isamu Noguchi : a study of space / 
Library of Congress classification. KJV-KJW. Law of France : cumulative schedule and index / 
Nurseries / 
The pure theory of politics / 
The queer German cinema / 
Country living decorating with baskets : accents throughout the home / 
Cases in strategic marketing management : business strategies in Muslim countries / 
For better or for worse? : school finance reform in California / 
Inner leadership : REALise your self leading potential / 
Teaching with power : shared decision-making and classroom practice / 
Year-round schooling : promises and pitfalls / 
Living with multiple sclerosis : a wellness approach / 
Let the children pray : how God's young intercessors are changing the world / 
Archaeologies of sexuality / 
From the Free Academy to CUNY : illustrating public higher education in New York City, 1847-1997 / 
Making government work : lessons from America's governors and mayors / 
20-minute vacations : quick, affordable, and fun "getaways" from the stress of everyday life / 
What's cooking : Soups / 
Financial accounting : a bridge to decision making / 
Romantic turbulence : chaos, ecology, and American space / 
The murder of Jesus : a study of how Jesus died / 
Rookie : Tamika Whitmore's first year in the WNBA / 
Gender basics : feminist perspectives on women and men / 
The Lost Battalion / 
Walt Disney's Sleeping Beauty / 
Walt Disney's Noah's Ark / 
Moab is my washpot : an autobiography / 
Pitching around Fidel : a journey into the heart of Cuban sports / 
Colter : the true story of the best dog I ever had / 
Grassroots : the story of an American political campaign / 
The earth / 
Raising twins : what parents want to know, and what twins want to tell them / 
Thomas Jefferson : letters from a Philadelphia bookworm / 
Voices of ancient philosophy : an introductory reader / 
Police brutality : an anthology / 
Quest for the African dinosaurs : ancient roots of the modern world / 
Little-known museums in and around Rome / 
Healing grief : reclaiming life after any loss / 
How to build a traditional Ford hot rod / 
Vertical seismic profiling : principles / 
Salt in his shoes : Michael Jordan in pursuit of a dream / 
Concrete pipe for the new millennium / 
A very political economy : peacebuilding and foreign aid in the West Bank and Gaza / 
Rape on the public agenda : feminism and the politics of sexual assault / 
Stinging trees & wait-a-whiles : confessions of a rainforest biologist / 
Modern rustic : ideas for a natural lifestyle / 
Retro style : the '50's look for today's home / 
Teacher-led school improvement / 
The human condition / 
Readings on the development of children / 
Products liability : problems and process / 
Miracle of the myrrh / 
International economic negotiation : models versus reality / 
Harrison Birtwistle : man, mind, music / 
My mom's the best mom / 
Dale Earnhardt / 
The stress analysis of cracks handbook / 
Play-by-play hockey / 
Systems of innovation : growth, competitiveness and employment / 
Dirty hands : Christian ethics in a morally ambiguous world / 
The United States, revolutionary Russia, and the rise of Czechoslovakia / 
The indwelling : the beast takes possession / 
SPSS for psychologists : 
Marcel Proust / 
Breakthrough performance : accelerating the transformation of health care organizations / 
The LDS grandparents' idea book / 
International trade in agricultural products / 
Who's who in the management sciences / 
New medications : the debate over approval and access / 
Routledge philosophy guidebook to the later Heidegger / 
The process of competition / 
Industry policy in Taiwan and Korea in the 1980s : winning with the market / 
A moment with God for Sunday school teachers : prayers for teachers of children / 
Women's agency and educational policy : the experiences of the women of Kilome, Kenya / 
Comprehensive classroom management : creating communities of support and solving problems / 
Building words : a resource manual for teaching word analysis and spelling strategies / 
The future of NATO's Mediterranean initiative : evolution and next steps / 
Reward management : a critical text / 
Scientifically engineered foods : the debate over what's on your plate / 
The Cohos Trail : the guidebook to New Hampshire's great unknown / 
Confronting Iraq : U.S. policy and the use of force since the Gulf War / 
Faith with reason / 
Media ethics : cases and moral reasoning / 
Wayne Gretzky : hockey star / 
Elementary and secondary schools / 
Classic philosophical questions / 
Voices of experience : reflections from a Harvard teaching seminar / 
When race breaks out : conversations about race and racism in college classrooms / 
Provocative form in Plato, Kant, Nietzsche, and others / 
Ezra Pound's (post)modern poetics and politics : logocentrism, language, and truth / 
Practical advice to teachers / 
Pseudo-Zeno : anonymous philosophical treatise / 
Zen sex : the way of making love / 
The serpent handlers : three families and their faith / 
The yellow star : the legend of King Christian X of Denmark / 
American women prose writers, 1870-1920 / 
Quincy Jones / 
Trumpets / 
Building choral excellence : teaching sight-singing in the choral rehearsal / 
Rethinking environmental protection : a natural approach to nature / 
Assembly language step-by-step : programming with DOS and Linux / 
Turbine design : the effect on axial flow turbine performance of parameter variation / 
Ocular tumours : diagnosis and treatment / 
Psychosocial genetic counseling / 
Allergic diseases : diagnosis and treatment / 
Mycotoxin protocols / 
Integrated women's health : holistic approaches for comprehensive care / 
Public health nursing : a partner for healthy populations  / 
The neurobiology of taste and smell / 
Abdominal wall hernias : principles and management / 
Steps to follow : the comprehensive treatment of patients with hemiplegia / 
Measuring and improving patient satisfaction / 
Seed storage of horticultural crops / 
Boston Confucianism : portable tradition in the late-modern world / 
Inventing China through history : the May Fourth approach to historiography / 
To see and see again : a life in Iran and America / 
Countervisions : Asian American film criticism / 
15 months in SOG : a warrior's tour / 
Cambodia / 
The Iranian revolution then and now : indicators of regime instability / 
Vedantic meditation : lighting the flame of awareness / 
The Jews / 
The night my mother met Bruce Lee : observations on not fitting in / 
Exploring Jewish tradition : a transliterated guide to everyday practice and observance / 
Joy ride! : faith-filled fun & games for drivetime / 
At home / 
Electronic media / 
Carolina moon / 
Disgrace / 
So sure of death : a Liam Campbell mystery / 
Life on a southern plantation / 
Life on the Oregon Trail / 
Life in a Hopi village / 
Mob stories / 
Clerical marriage and the English Reformation : precedent policy and practice / 
The Vintage book of amnesia : an anthology / 
Montecassino and Benevento in the Middle Ages : essays in south Italian church history / 
Advertising and the European city : historical perspectives / 
First wave emigrants : the first fifty years of Ukrainian settlement in Australia / 
A day with police officers / 
Presidential power : forging the presidency for the twenty-first century / 
A piece of my heart : living through the grief of miscarriage, stillbirth, or infant death / 
Soccer systems & strategies / 
Law for doctors  / 
Writing off ideas : taxation, foundations, and philanthropy in America / 
Cutting green tape : toxic pollutants, environmental regulation, and the law / 
American health care : government, market processes, and the public interest / 
The politics of language : conflict, identity and cultural pluralism in comparative perspective / 
With rigor for all : teaching the classics to contemporary students / 
Neurology for non-neurologists / 
Veterinary immunology : an introduction / 
Song of the sirens / 
The symbiotic man : a new understanding of the organization of life and a vision of the future / 
Kazakhstan : a review of farm restructuring / 
Critiques of everyday life / 
Derek Jeter : shortstop sensation / 
New perspectives on advaita Vedānta : essays in commemoration of Professor Richard de Smet / 
Reform and renewal in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance : studies in honor of Louis Pascoe / 
The new American middle school : educating preadolescents in an era of change / 
100 great hikes in and near Palm Springs / 
The juvenile justice system : delinquency, processing, and the law / 
Simple yoga / 
Detroit kids catalog : a family guide for the 21st century / 
Handbook of psychological services for children and adolescents / 
An education on the Delaware : St. Mary's Hall and Doane Academy, 1837-1999/ 
Sistahs in college : making a way out of no way / 
Racial and ethnic relations in America / 
Teenage sexuality : opposing viewpoints / 
Script magic : subconscious techniques to conquer writer's block / 
Along Montana & Idaho's Continental Divide Trail / 
By his own labor : the biography of Dard Hunter / 
Housing & the democratic ideal : the life and thought of Charles Abrams / 
The flags of Civil War South Carolina / 
Scare quotes from Shakespeare : Marx, Keynes, and the language of reenchantment / 
Storky Stork / 
Doing Lucretius : poems / 
Auditing information systems / 
The soldier's life in the Civil War / 
Francine the superstar / 
The sweat of their brow : a history of work in Latin America / 
The 10-minute diagnosis manual : symptoms and signs in the time-limited encounter / 
Delmar's fundamentals of anatomy & physiology / 
20 common problems in geriatrics / 
Art therapy practice : innovative approaches with diverse populations / 
Ali and Nino / 
MIB : Men in black / 
Key West / 
The cat who played post office / 
Di Fiore's atlas of histology with functional correlations / 
Imaging of the acutely ill and surgical patient : a practical guide / 
Emergency orthopedics : the extremities / 
Time exposure : the personal experience of time in secular societies / 
Psyche and helix : psychological aspects of genetic counseling / 
Girls and their horses : 
The globalization of corporate R & D : implications for innovation systems in host countries / 
How to get more out of Holy Communion / 
Along New Mexico's Continental Divide Trail / 
More guns, less crime : understanding crime and gun-control laws / 
Social work practice with immigrants and refugees / 
Paleobiology and paleoenvironments of Eocene rocks, McMurdo Sound, East Antarctica / 
Your bathroom / 
The composite guide to gymnastics / 
Kevin Nash / 
Pro wrestling's most punishing finishing moves / 
Women of pro wrestling / 
Pro Wrestling's greatest wars / 
Asteroids : a history / 
Physical chemistry / 
The switch book : a complete guide to LAN switching technology / 
Programming Windows services : implementing application servers / 
ActivePerl with ASP and ADO / 
Fundamentals of electric circuit analysis / 
The education of a mathematician / 
The prime numbers and their distribution / 
Water resources engineering / 
Risk management : ecological risk-based decision-making / 
Human rights : concept and standards / 
Louis Sullivan : the poetry of architecture / 
Parasitoid population biology / 
Tell me what to eat to help prevent breast cancer : nutrition you can live with / 
Draw 50 animal 'toons / 
Fascination and misgivings : the United States in French opinion, 1870-1914 / 
Contemporary controversies and the American racial divide / 
An investigation of Jean-Paul Sartre's posthumously published notebooks for an ethics / 
Stars a la carte : with magic stack-n-whack bonus projects / 
Inquiry dynamics / 
The sun / 
The moon / 
Democracy and the academy / 
Humane politics and methods of inquiry / 
Issues in geography teaching / 
Tales out of school : contemporary writers on their student years / 
The critical response to Gertrude Stein / 
The dime novel companion : a source book / 
The critical response to Ralph Ellison / 
John Glenn's return to space / 
My very own room / 
Legal blame : how jurors think and talk about accidents / 
A line in the sand : a novel / 
Candy bars : selected stories / 
El Coyote, the rebel / 
Black Cuban, Black American : a memoir / 
The Cool Crazy Crickets to the rescue! / 
Sorbonne / 
From the Ganges to the Snake River / 
Essentials of surgical specialties / 
Night flying / 
Letters to a young poet / 
Tell it again! 2 : easy-to-tell stories with activities for young children / 
The burdens of Sister Margaret : inside a seventeenth-century convent / 
What are you doing with your life? : teen books on living series / 
Learn to dance the SoulSalsa : 17 surprising steps for godly living in the 21st century / 
Rehearsal from Shakespeare to Sheridan / 
Welcome to Spain / 
Phillips Academy, Andover : an architectural tour / 
Divine and human and other stories / 
Chicano chicanery : short stories / 
The Atlanta paradox / 
Finding jobs : work and welfare reform / 
Managing information and knowledge in the public sector / 
Leaking laffs between Pampers and Depends / 
Be resolute / 
Writing as a way of healing : how telling our stories transforms our lives / 
Rhetoric : a text-book, designed for use in schools and colleges (1869) / 
A primer of public personnel administration : human resource development  / 
125 brain games for toddlers and twos : simple games to promote early brain development / 
Parents and grandparents as spiritual guides : nurturing children of the promise / 
Many worlds : the new universe, extraterrestrial life, and the theological implications / 
Stereotypes, cognition, and culture / 
Radicals & visionaries / 
Briana Scurry, super saver / 
Pedro Martinez, pitcher perfect / 
Anxiety disorders in adults : an evidence-based approach to psychological treatment / 
Exercise, nutrition, and the older woman : wellness for women over fifty / 
Evaluating service learning activities and programs / 
License to steal : how fraud bleeds America's health care system / 
From rage to responsibility : Black conservative Jesse Lee Peterson and America today / 
The 10-second Internet manager : survive, thrive & drive your company in the information age / 
Bioethics : ancient themes in contemporary issues / 
Foreign aid and development : lessons learnt and directions for the future / 
Activist rhetorics and American higher education, 1885-1937 / 
The HarperCollins Bible commentary / 
The American drug scene / 
Inside social life : readings in sociological psychology and microsociology / 
Writing on drugs / 
Brrr! : a book about polar animals / 
Parallel solution of partial differential equations / 
Perturbation analysis of optimization problems / 
Convex analysis and nonlinear optimization : theory and examples / 
Public policy and Statistics : case studies from RAND / 
Wood details / 
Allergy relief : effective natural allergy treatments / 
Iran / 
Mamografía : intervención e imagen / 
Recent advances in diagnostic neuroradiology / 
Gloria Estefan : pop sensation / 
Making music at the piano : learning strategies for adult students / 
Blind memory : visual representations of slavery in England and America / 
Loot! / 
Technical analysis applications in the global currency markets / 
Financial accounting : information for decisions / 
Challenges of human space exploration / 
Practical usage of TSO REXX / 
Landscape at the millennium : 
Minor elements 2000 : processing and environmental aspects of As, Sb, Se, Te, and Bi / 
Principles of cardiovascular neural regulation in health and disease / 
Basics of heart failure : a problem solving approach / 
The radiography procedure and competency manual / 
Surgery / 
Criminal law / 
Meḳadesh Yiśraʼel : śiḥot u-temunot bi-mesibot ḥatunah / 
Re-evaluation of the state of the science for water-quality criteria development / 
The water cycle / 
Sobolev met Poincaré / 
The making of Sikh scripture / 
Essentials of functional foods / 
Control and relaxation over the circle / 
Existence of the sectional capacity / 
Special groups : boolean-theoretic methods in the theory of quadratic forms / 
Evolution of herbivory in terrestrial vertebrates : perspectives from the fossil record / 
Scattering of waves from large spheres / 
Natural born killers / 
Families, schools, and communities : building partnerships for educating children / 
Photography : foundations for art & design : a guide to creative photography / 
Managing nutrients and pathogens from animal agriculture : 
The lives of wolves / 
Saving wolves / 
Wolves : family and pack / 
Wolves and people / 
Wolves of the world / 
Wolves : the hunters / 
Earthquakes / 
Iowa facts and symbols / 
Delaware facts and symbols / 
Idaho facts and symbols / 
Kilauea : Hawaii's most active volcano / 
The bourgeois gentleman / 
Spare parts : from peg legs to gene splices / 
Animals asleep / 
Dreams : mind movies of the night / 
Human body / 
Bats / 
Applied C : an introduction and more / 
Witness in our time : working lives of documentary photographers / 
Visions of Caliban : on chimpanzees and people / 
Evolution of Haviland china design / 
Biologists and the promise of American life : from Meriwether Lewis to Alfred Kinsey / 
Desire and excess : 
Competitive business strategy for teaching hospitals / 
Art past, art present / 
Everyday Chinese cooking : quick and delicious recipes from the Leeann Chin restaurants / 
Bruce's Bakery cookbook : recipes from the famed New York eatery / 
The two-headed boy, and other medical marvels / 
Health care teamwork : interdisciplinary practice and teaching / 
The Golden Gate Bridge / 
Gifted for good : every woman's guide to her spiritual gifts / 
Financial freedom afloat : how to pocket a paycheck in paradise / 
His final hours / 
Small animal care & management / 
AIDS doctors : voices from the epidemic / 
Advanced programming using Visual Basic, version 6.0 / 
The game's afoot! : game theory in myth and paradox / 
Kerry James Marshall / 
Where is the mango princess? / 
From partners to parents : the second revolution in family law / 
Plant life / 
Food chains / 
I like chocolate / 
My horses / 
Find the snake / 
How to grasp the bird's tail : if you don't speak Chinese / 
Driving lessons / 
Kiss the cow / 
Meet Dinah Dinosaur / 
Busy Dinah Dinosaur / 
Replicas of a female Prometheus : the textual personae of Bettina von Arnim / 
Tennessee / 
You can be a woman softball player / 
Death of a rat : understandings and appreciations of science / 
White out / 
Expanding the frontiers of civil rights : Michigan, 1948-1968 / 
Here comes Kate / 
Literature for children : a short introduction / 
Digital multimedia / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
Lake Superior / 
Challenging brainteasers / 
Ironclads and blockades in the Civil War / 
Adam's grace : fall and redemption in medieval literature / 
Medieval futures : attitudes to the future in the Middle Ages / 
Violence in medieval society / 
Blesseds Jacinta and Francisco Marto : shepherds of Fatima / 
Voices from a southern prison / 
O careless love / 
Five women / 
Clea / 
Seven roads to hell : a Screaming Eagle at Bastogne / 
The arts of the beautiful / 
The measure of life : Virginia Woolf's last years / 
The bosom serpent : folklore and popular art / 
Everything you need to know about cults / 
Nine steps to becoming a better lector / 
Five alien elves / 
Coercion, contract, and free labor in the nineteenth century / 
Agency and deontic logic / 
Sovereignty and salvation in the vernacular, 1050-1150 / 
Creative power : the nature and nurture of children's writing / 
Lucky pennies and hot chocolate / 
Hopeful monsters / 
Mordechai Schamz / 
Serpent / 
Imago bird / 
The first book of Grabinoulor / 
Further cuttings : from Cruiskeen Lawn / 
The last days of Louisiana Red / 
Lucy Church, amiably / 
Yellow back radio broke-down / 
Criers & kibitzers, kibitzers & criers / 
Nightwork / 
The princess of 72nd Street / 
I, the supreme / 
Broken and battered : a way out for the abused woman / 
Elisabeth of Schönau : 
EVEolution : the eight truths of marketing to women / 
Responding to God : a guide to prayer : leader's guide / 
Frontiers of development economics : the future in perspective / 
Recreating brief therapy : preferences and possibilities / 
Still life / 
The gold rush diary of Ramón Gil Navarro / 
Map use & analysis / 
Engineering electromagnetics / 
Health education : elementary and middle school applications / 
Atlas of a tropical Germany : essays on politics and culture, 1990-1998 / 
Sinking Columbus : contested history, cultural politics, and mythmaking during the quincentenary / 
Unholy sonnets : poems / 
Eastern Europe and the origins of the Second World War / 
Athena unbound : the advancement of women in science and technology / 
Project management for successful product innovation / 
Endangered species / 
Caricature and French political culture, 1830-1848 : Charles Philipon and the illustrated press / 
In distant waters / 
Manual of archival description / 
Performance of plastics / 
Nigerian video films / 
The Catholic experience of small Christian communities / 
Lion House desserts / 
Small-scale cogeneration handbook / 
The Cold War--reassessments / 
The processing program : using language webs and altered auditory input to improve comprehension / 
The practice of God's presence / 
Poverty and welfare in England, 1700-1850 : a regional perspective / 
Railway stations : planning, design, and management / 
Careers in focus. 
Machine vibration. Alignment / 
Superconductivity and localization / 
Petroleum refining in nontechnical language / 
All the queen's men : the world of Elizabeth I / 
The unknown witches of Oz : Locasta and the three adepts / 
Monster/beauty : building the body of love / 
The virtuous marketplace : women and men, money and politics in Paris, 1830-1870 / 
Coyote tales : how coyote brought color to the desert / 
The lynchings in Duluth / 
Jane vs. the Tooth Fairy / 
Spanish politics today / 
The art of loving / 
Babar and the succotash bird  / 
Pragmatics in speech and language pathology / 
Roadside America : the automobile and the American dream / 
The media monopoly / 
The blackwater lightship : a novel / 
Baltic mission / 
The journey into God : healing and Christian faith / 
Carrier battle group / 
The perfect baby : parenthood in the new world of cloning and genetics / 
Machiavelli, marketing, and management / 
Boys into men : staying healthy through the teen years / 
Teen violence : a global view / 
Shape-shifting : images of Native Americans in recent popular fiction / 
Inherent rights, the written constitution, and popular sovereignty : the founders' understanding / 
Basic economic principles : a guide for students / 
Iraq under siege : the deadly impact of sanctions and war / 
Becoming modern  : young women and the reconstruction of womanhood in the 1920s / 
Bill Gates : computer king / 
Urban recycling and the search for sustainable community development / 
Swimming with giants : my encounters with whales, dolphins, and seals / 
My brown bear Barney at the party / 
Working in America : an eyewitness history / 
Collected poems in English / 
Bravo, Mildred & Ed! / 
The Avengers / 
The banality of indifference : Zionism & the Armenian genocide / 
Lies, Israel's secret service, and the Rabin murder / 
The solar system / 
Career exploration on the Internet : a student's guide to more than 500 web sites / 
My time with God : 150 ways to start your own quiet time / 
Mealtime moments : 164 faith-filling entrees to stir family discussions / 
Powerful writing/responsible teaching / 
Successful African-American men : from childhood to adulthood / 
Guardians of letters : literacy, power, and the transmitters of early Christian literature / 
The Jewish philosophy reader / 
Culture and customs of Korea / 
Native vs. settler : ethnic conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland, and South Africa / 
Tales of Nehama : impressions of the life and teaching of Nehama Leibowitz / 
Judaism, mathematics, and the Hebrew calendar / 
The Haphtara cycle : a handbook to the haphtaroth of the Jewish year / 
Citizenship and the state in the Middle East : approaches and applications / 
The nation in history : historiographical debates about ethnicity and nationalism / 
Lao hill tribes : traditions and patterns of existence / 
Chanukah / 
Novell's introduction to networking / 
Positive options for Crohn's disease : self-help and treatment / 
Keep safe! : 101 ways to enhance your safety and protect your family / 
Newsboys / 
Printed circuit board design techniques for EMC compliance : a handbook for designers / 
The illustrated cottage : a decorative fairy tale inspired by Provence / 
Fix your own PC / 
Lost in time / 
El segundo / 
Ranchero / 
A topaz for my lady fair / 
Family fortune / 
The ritual bath : the first Peter Decker and Rina Lazarus novel / 
The wilderness / 
Thomas Alva Edison / 
Aging in place : designing, adapting, and enhancing the home environment / 
Self-neglect : challenges for helping professionals / 
Future teaching roles for academic librarians / 
A Colorado River reader / 
Indians, cowboys, and farmers and the battle for the Great Plains, 1865-1910 / 
Evidence for linguistic relativity / 
A force of habit : a Sister Abigail mystery / 
Chewy Louie / 
"Communazis" : FBI surveillance of German emigré writers / 
Susan Glaspell : a critical biography / 
Battlefield : farming a Civil War battleground / 
Green shingles : at the edge of Chesapeake Bay / 
Monster cake / 
Learning from museums : visitor experiences and the making of meaning / 
Gods and mortals : modern poems on classical myths / 
Monstrous projections of femininity in the fiction of Mexican writer Rosario Castellanos / 
Abbreviations & acronyms : a guide for family historians / 
A study of the place of women in the poetry and prose works of John Milton / 
The story, the teller, and the audience in George MacDonald's fiction / 
Verses from the center : a Buddhist vision of the sublime / 
Reading the Hebrew Bible for a new millennium : form, concept, and theological perspective / 
Discourse on gender/gendered discourse in the Middle East / 
Kali's odiyya : a shaman's true story of initiation / 
The sand child / 
Everyday life in the Middle Ages : the British Isles, 500 to 1500 / 
No small courage : a history of women in the United States / 
To make our world anew : a history of African Americans / 
Explorations in linguistic relativity / 
The new Jerusalem in the Revelation of John : the city as symbol of life with God / 
What big ears you have! : the theologians' Red Riding Hood / 
Anamnesis as dangerous memory : political and liturgical theology in dialogue / 
Choosing a Bible translation / 
Sport and exercise pharmacology / 
Advances in personality psychology / 
Psychological perspectives on self and identity / 
Generalist practice in larger settings : knowledge and skill concepts / 
The oceans / 
Seismic hazard of the Circum-Pannonian region / 
Automotive electronics and computer systems / 
Invoke the goddess : visualizations of Hindu, Greek & Egyptian dieties / 
Le livre des haltes = Kitâb al-Mawâqif / 
Only yesterday / 
Lower East Side memories : a Jewish place in America / 
Beyond the synagogue gallery : finding a place for women in American Judaism / 
Riding windhorses : a journey into the heart of Mongolian shamanism / 
Too Smart Jones and the cat's secret / 
Only when I sleep : my family's journey through cancer / 
After the ecstasy, the laundry : how the heart grows wise on the spiritual path / 
Latin American cultural criticism : re-interpreting a continent / 
Gorbachev's foreign policy toward the Korean peninsula, 1985-1991 : power and reform / 
Pierre Descaves, témoin et pionnier de la radio / 
Bicultural versatility as a frontier adaptation among Paliyan foragers of South India / 
And what do you do? : when women choose to stay home / 
Sustaining affirmation : the strengths of weak ontology in political theory / 
How to be an index investor / 
The market maker's edge : day trading tactics from a Wall Street insider / 
European economies in transition : in search of a new growth path / 
Beyond organizational change : structure, discourse, and power in UK financial services / 
Managing knowledge : critical investigations of work and learning / 
Feminism and the family : politics and society in the UK and the USA / 
Citizenship and democracy in a global era / 
William Baxter Godbey : itinerant apostle of the Holiness movement / 
Karla Faye Tucker set free : life and faith on death row / 
Glad to be human : meditations / 
The reluctant healer : one woman's journey of faith / 
Development and democracy in the southern cone : imperatives for U.S. policy in South America / 
Science, technology, and Latin American narrative in the twentieth century and beyond / 
Creation : a witness to the wonder of God / 
Letting go of debt : growing richer one day at a time / 
Resurrection / 
The end of war : a novel of the race for Berlin / 
Basic essentials. Canoe paddling / 
Ages and stages : a parent's guide to normal childhood development / 
Spanish lessons : beginning a new life in Spain / 
Camp is for the camper : a counselor's guide to youth development / 
Brief employee assistance homework planner / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
Careers in focus. 
Families as relationships / 
Taking charge of curriculum : teacher networks and curriculum implementation / 
A hole in the world : an American boyhood / 
Sincerely, Andy Rooney / 
The heart of the clan / 
Philosophical approaches to the study of literature / 
Volusia County postcards : windows to our past / 
Daytona Beach in picture postcards / 
Ormond Beach : a historic tour in picture postcards / 
Around DeLand : a postcard history / 
T.S. Eliot's orchestra : critical essays on poetry and music / 
Anna Komnene and her times / 
The Dante encyclopedia / 
The sin of knowledge : ancient themes and modern variations / 
Janeites : Austen's disciples and devotees / 
Poetical works / 
Public spheres, public mores, and democracy : Hamburg and Stockholm, 1870-1914 / 
Christian faith 101 : the basics and beyond / 
Fall protection and scaffolding safety : an illustrated guide / 
Knowledge, truth, and duty : essays on epistemic justification, responsibility, and virtue / 
Transitional citizens : voters and what influences them in the new Russia / 
The ultimate trading guide / 
Born of the earth : myth and politics in Athens / 
Rhetorical scope and performance : the example of technical communication / 
The New York Times guide to economics / 
The New York Times guide to management / 
Building accounting systems using Access2000 / 
Water : the fate of our most precious resource / 
Cyril Scott : a bio-bibliography / 
The Mozart-Da Ponte operas : an annotated bibliography / 
Lift every voice and sing : a pictorial tribute to the Negro National Anthem / 
Crafts from your favorite children's songs / 
Teach me dreams : the search for self in the revolutionary era / 
The politics of gender after socialism : a comparative-historical essay / 
Teaching international business : ethics and corporate social responsibility / 
The American Irish / 
Maverick heart : the further adventures of Zane Grey / 
Critical reflections on the Cold War : linking rhetoric and history / 
King Lear / 
Compensation in organizations : current research and practice / 
The archaeology education handbook : sharing the past with kids / 
The short Oxford history of English literature / 
Niger / 
Natural birth / 
North over South : northern nationalism and American identity in the antebellum era / 
Japanese musical instruments / 
The singer of tales / 
Beyond survival and philanthropy : American Jewry and Israel / 
Organ technique : modern and early / 
I like music : what can I be? / 
Ginger / 
Songs of myself : an anthology of poems and art / 
The doctor's promise / 
Dr. Nightingale races the outlaw colt : a Deirdre Quinn Nightingale mystery / 
Summons : poems / 
The development of the Radical Right in France : from Boulanger to Le Pen / 
Evidence-based counselling and psychological therapies : research and applications / 
The composite guide to strongman competition / 
Experimentado en quebrantos : estudio en los cánticos del siervo del Señor / 
The young zillionaire's guide to producing goods and services / 
Visions : the soul's path to the sacred / 
My search for Bill W. / 
Political complexity : nonlinear models of politics / 
I promise myself : making a commitment to yourself and your dreams / 
Information technology in multinational enterprises / 
Dictionary of environmental law / 
Political money : deregulating American politics : selected writings on campaign finance reform / 
Uncertain hazards : environmental activists and scientific proof / 
Change management in information services / 
The synergy trap : how companies lose the acquisition game / 
Handbook of customer satisfaction and loyalty measurement / 
How to resolve conflict in the workplace / 
Tools and techniques for social science simulation / 
The aesthetics of enchantment in the fine arts / 
Cherokee dragon : a novel of the real people / 
Talking dirty to the gods : poems / 
Cold feet / 
Minnie and Moo and the musk of Zorro / 
Genetic engineering : the cloning debate / 
The Japanese and Indian space programmes : two roads into space / 
Hunting : have fun, be smart / 
Cakes / 
Microsoft mastering. MFC development using Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0 / 
Dream messages : how to make the connection between heaven and earth / 
Names, names, and more names : locating your Dutch ancestors in Colonial America / 
Quantity food production, planning, and management / 
Iterative solution of nonlinear equations in several variables / 
Theory of Hp̳ spaces / 
Architectural heritage of the Caribbean : an A-Z of historic buildings / 
Paper clip jewelry! / 
Reengineering yourself and your company : from engineer to manager to leader / 
Understanding smart sensors / 
Quilt inspirations from Africa : a caravan of ideas, patterns, motifs, and techniques / 
PDU-1 : a novella of the remote future / 
The case of cabin 13 : a John Darnell mystery / 
The humane interface : new directions for designing interactive systems / 
Introductory concepts for abstract mathematics / 
JavaServer pages / 
Elizabeth Catlett : an American artist in Mexico / 
The paper decorator : original paperwork for stylish interiors / 
Shared treasures : a journal of friendship and fly fishing / 
The Orvis streamside guide to approach and presentation / 
Your patio and deck / 
Jacques Cousteau : saving our seas / 
Cutting the cost of cold : affordable warmth for healthier homes / 
The Angler's life : collecting and traditions / 
Positive linear systems : theory and applications / 
Mary Engelbreit's 'tis the season holiday cookbook / 
Handbook of ancient water technology / 
Cirrus / 
Jeff Davis's own : cavalry, comanches, and the battle for the Texas frontier / 
Tornadoes / 
The Gualenghi-d'Este hours : art and devotion in renaissance Ferrara / 
Conformal mapping / 
The calculus of finite differences / 
Analytic theory of continued fractions / 
Honor the grandmothers : Dakota and Lakota women tell their stories / 
How do you know when you're really in love? : an LDS guide to dating, courtship, and marriage / 
Isaiah 1-39 : a new translation with introduction and commentary / 
In the footsteps of the goddess : personal stories / 
Devotions from the world of women's sports / 
Violence in American schools : a practical guide for counselors / 
The abortion controversy / 
Careers in focus. 
The soul of Socrates / 
Becoming a teacher / 
Chrysler : the life and times of an automotive genius / 
Toleration, diversity, and global justice / 
Early childhood educational research : issues in methodology and ethics / 
Development geography / 
Warm Springs millennium : voices from the reservation / 
Dark light : the appearance of death in everyday life / 
The secrets of eagle claw kung fu : ying jow pai / 
A braid of lives : Native American childhood / 
Crimes against humanity : the struggle for global justice / 
The pillars of leadership / 
52-week baseball training / 
Evil beyond belief / 
Venice reconsidered : the history and civilization of an Italian city-state, 1297-1797 / 
Shadows and cypress : southern ghost stories / 
In the age of distraction / 
The birth of God : the Bible and the historian / 
Angelhead : my brother's descent into madness / 
I like computers : what can I be? / 
Bodies in motion and at rest : essays / 
Get a life : you don't need a million to retire well / 
Kursk 1943 : a statistical analysis / 
Immunoassays : a practical approach / 
On sociology : numbers, narratives, and the integration of research and theory / 
Maimonides' Empire of Light : popular enlightenment in an age of belief / 
College counseling : issues and strategies for a new millennium / 
Reading stories for comprehension success : senior level / 
The letters to the Thessalonians : a new translation with introduction and commentary / 
Methods in behavioral research / 
Colorado's best : the essential guide to favorite places / 
Textual parameters in older languages / 
Napoleon in Russian cultural mythology / 
Frank Lloyd Wright's stained glass &.. lightscreens / 
Software engineering processes : principles and applications / 
Data analysis with Microsoft Excel / 
The chimpanzees of the Taï Forest : behavioural ecology and evolution / 
Reforming the European Union : from Maastricht to Amsterdam / 
I like sports : what can I be? / 
Ukraine--review of farm restructuring experiences / 
Albania : filling the vulnerability gap / 
Experimental protocols for reactive oxygen and nitrogen species / 
The art of time / 
Personal computer communications / 
Ecotoxicology of amphibians and reptiles / 
Encyclopedia of ethical, legal, and policy issues in biotechnology / 
Molecular plant pathology / 
Materials and development of plastics packaging for the consumer market / 
Physical biochemistry : principles and applications / 
GUI bloopers : don'ts and do's for software developers and Web designers / 
Baltimore's mansion : a memoir / 
Remembering Charlotte : postcards from a New South city, 1905-1950 / 
Broadcasting politics in Japan : NHK and television news / 
The care and feeding of a Grinch / 
Eight animals bake a cake / 
Lenin--a biography / 
Rituals of power : from late antiquity to the early Middle Ages / 
Nat Turner and the Virginia slave revolt / 
African Americans and the Revolutionary War / 
Car wash / 
Nineteenth-century media and the construction of identities / 
The aesthetics of Toni Morrison : speaking the unspeakable / 
The Golden Books treasury of Christmas joy : favorite stories, poems, carols, and more / 
The online writing classroom / 
Living in style : without losing your mind / 
Inscribing the Hundred Years' War in French and English cultures / 
Human Paleobiology / 
Affinity and immunoaffinity purification techniques / 
Rescue : stories of survival from land and sea / 
Arkansas facts and symbols / 
Hurricanes / 
Volcanoes / 
Animals among us : living with suburban wildlife / 
Muslims and the West : quest for "change" and conflict resolution / 
A century in thirty years : Shaykh Zayed and the United Arab Emirates / 
Institutional arrangements for global economic integration / 
Market-driven management : strategic and operational marketing / 
The abysmal brute / 
Trick-or-treat faces : a glowing book you can read in the dark! / 
Thunder on the plains : the story of the American buffalo / 
Super-completely and totally the messiest / 
Selected works of Ilya Piatetski-Shapiro / 
Tangier Island : place, people, and talk / 
The tie that binds : a novel / 
Lucy on the loose / 
Acting identities : an investigation into South West German Naturtheater / 
The prayer-driven church : releasing God's power to every member / 
The lady's tutor/ 
An arranged marriage / 
Henrietta who? / 
Bad scene / 
Trouble at Quinn's Crossing / 
The cave of love / 
Dangerous involvement / 
Step into my world / 
The turning wheel / 
Furnished for murder / 
The patient at Peacocks Hall / 
The pleasures of imagination : 1795 / 
New travels in the United States of America : performed in 1788 / 
Poems written in close confinement in the Tower and Newgate, under a charge of high treason / 
Lady Catherine's necklace / 
Comparative international accounting / 
Entry level respiratory therapist exam guide / 
Communication theories : origins, methods, and uses in the mass media  / 
The world's wildest roller coasters / 
Biology, evolution, and human nature / 
Further letters of Mrs. Gaskell / 
The Renaissance text : theory, editing, textuality / 
Jean Renoir / 
The study of history : a bibliographical guide / 
The politics of health in Europe / 
Topics in analysis and its applications : selected theses / 
In the pond : a novel / 
Where you once belonged : a novel / 
Single crystal neutron diffraction from molecular materials / 
Catholics and the Eucharist : a scriptural introduction / 
Murder most medieval : noble tales of ignoble demises / 
Truth decay : defending Christianity against the challenges of postmodernism / 
James, 1-2 Peter, 1-3 John, Jude / 
Sower's seeds that nurture family values : sixth planting / 
Journeys to the land of gold : emigrant diaries from the Bozeman Trail, 1863-1866 / 
Intellectual property rights in the global economy / 
Any number can play : the numbers athletes wear / 
The love feast / 
Puzzling auditing puzzles / 
Air wars : the fight to reclaim public broadcasting / 
Colonial intimacies : Indian marriage in early New England / 
Handbook of global economic policy / 
Don't step on the foul line : sports superstition / 
Transcendentalism : a reader / 
The gift of the church : a textbook ecclesiology in honor of Patrick Granfield, O.S.B. / 
The Holy City : Jerusalem in the theology of the Old Testament / 
Introduction to critical thinking / 
It didn't happen here : why socialism failed in the United States / 
No-stress guide to the 8th grade MCAS (Massachusetts Comprehensive Assessment System) / 
No-stress guide to the 8th grade FCAT (Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test) / 
No-stress guide to the exit-level TAAS (Texas Assessment of Academic Skills) / 
Managing health services organizations and systems / 
Strengths-based care management for older adults / 
What is a teacher? / 
Management fads and buzzwords : critical-practical perspectives / 
The Dead Sea scrolls : questions and responses for Latter-Day Saints / 
Value driven management : how to create and maximize value over time for organizational success / 
Still acting gay : male homosexuality in modern drama / 
Great bike rides in and around Winston-Salem / 
Beyond kinship  : social and material reproduction in house societies / 
Scuba diving / 
Left for dead : my journey home from Everest / 
A journey north : one woman's story of hiking the Appalachian Trail / 
A global odyssey : 
Hearst Castle : the biography of a country house / 
Hero myths : a reader / 
Law and its administration / 
An imperfect union : slavery, Federalism, and comity / 
Oprah Winfrey / 
Natural disasters : floods : a reference handbook / 
Marine fisheries ecology / 
Pronoun envy : literary uses of linguistic gender / 
The forests handbook / 
Encyclopedia of Eastern Europe : from the Congress of Vienna to the fall of communism / 
The bounds of choice : unchosen virtues, unchosen commitments / 
Ethics and epistemology in Sextus Empiricus / 
The lawyers of Dickens and their clerks / 
European capital markets / 
Islamic law and legal system : studies of Saudi Arabia / 
Poisoners and pretenders / 
Meditations for altar guild members / 
Cyberselfish : a critical romp through the terribly libertarian culture of high tech / 
The mystery of the Incarnation / 
Multiple measures : accurate ways to assess student achievement / 
Ready for kindergarten : an award winning teacher's plan to prepare your child for school / 
In the interests of justice : reforming the legal profession  / 
The Catskill forest : a history / 
Look what I did with a shell! / 
MCSE IIS 4 exam cram / 
Travels in the interior districts of Africa / 
Inviting God to your wedding / 
Suffering in the Mu'tazilite theology : ʻAbd al-J̆abbār's teaching on pain and divine justice / 
The British on the Costa del Sol : transnational identities and local communities / 
Natural magic : potions and powers from the magical garden / 
Grandparents raising grandchildren : theoretical, empirical, and clinical perspectives / 
Police detective / 
Dental assistant / 
Infant potty training : a gentle and primeval method, adapted to modern living / 
Valuation of corporate growth opportunities : a real options approach / 
Myths of childhood / 
Global sociology / 
The book of dips and salsas / 
Medicines of the soul : female bodies and sacred geographies in a transnational Islam / 
Geometry teacher's activities kit : ready-to-use lessons & worksheets for grades 6-12 / 
Succeeding in an academic career : a guide for faculty of color / 
Excluded from suffrage history : Matilda Joslyn Gage, nineteenth century American feminist / 
Bibliography of African American leadership : an annotated guide / 
Issues in the psychology of women / 
Handbook of social comparison : theory and research / 
Rogue state : a guide to the world's only superpower / 
Getting control : overcoming your obsessions and compulsions / 
The overmountain men : a novel / 
Cooperativity and regulation in biochemical processes / 
Ordered to die : a history of the Ottoman army in the First World War / 
Jerusalem : points of friction, and beyond / 
Sewing for the apparel industry / 
The culture of American college radio / 
Rip Van Winkle / 
The Guodian Laozi : proceedings of the International Conference, Dartmouth College, May 1998 / 
The privateersman / 
"To the best of my ability" the American presidents / 
Valencia / 
Painter 6 f/x & design / 
The diary of John Wesley Powell : conquering the Grand Canyon / 
Algebra for college students / 
Balancing the chakras / 
Physical properties of fats, oils, and emulsifiers / 
Quilting workshops : techniques & patterns from Jean Wells ... [et al.] / 
ASTM standards on whole building functionality and serviceability / 
Constructing and controlling compaction of earth fills / 
Community supports for aging adults with lifelong disabilities / 
Fashion designer / 
The Little Red Barn baking book / 
Room acoustics / 
Historic sail : the glory of the sailing ship from the 13th to the 19th century / 
History of art / 
The giant postman / 
Lotus in a stream : essays in basic Buddhism / 
An introduction to world cinema / 
Video vixen / 
Absolute beginners / 
Cat to the dogs / 
Can't take my eyes off of you / 
Archival moving image materials : 
Tyrannosaurus Sue : the extraordinary saga of the largest, most fought over T. rex ever found / 
Eden / 
Love with a stranger / 
One night / 
Community as partner : theory and practice in nursing / 
Medical device reliability and associated areas / 
You go girl! : winning the woman's way / 
Success to the brave / 
Vacation rentals in Europe / 
Tempestuous Eden / 
A delicate balance / 
Literature for today's young adults / 
I will tell of my war story : a pictorial account of the Nez Perce War / 
Beyond Mammoth Cave : a tale of obesession in the world's longest cave / 
Computer applications for the new millennium : an integrated approach / 
Statistical models for nuclear decay : from evaporation to vaporization / 
Decision-making in environmental health : from evidence to action / 
Handbook of commercial catalysts : heterogeneous catalysts / 
I like animals : what can I be? / 
Sun dogs & eagle down : the Indian paintings of Bill Holm / 
Forest fires : run for your life! / 
Making use : scenario-based design of human-computer interactions / 
The arithmetic and geometry of algebraic cycles / 
Mountainman crafts and skills : a fully illustrated guide to wilderness living and survival / 
Learn AutoCAD LT 2000 / 
The Florida alligator : in old picture postcards / 
Gary Hill / 
High speed LAN technology handbook / 
Ecological principles and environmental issues / 
Ants and other social insects / 
Fur seals and other pinnipeds / 
Owls and other birds of prey / 
Rattlers and other snakes / 
Wolves and other wild dogs / 
Ladybugs and other beetles / 
Hedgehogs and other insectivores / 
Howlers and other New World monkeys/ 
The primary care provider's guide to compensation and quality : how to get paid and not get sued / 
Personality disorders : diagnosis, management, and course / 
The new European diasporas : national minorities and conflict in Eastern Europe / 
Purple cane road / 
The bear and the dragon / 
The last precinct / 
Coronary circulation and myocardial ischemia / 
Worlds beyond my control : a novel / 
The powers of Charlotte : a novel / 
Beach : stories by the sand and sea / 
Through the open door / 
Drip, drop / 
Flannery O'Connor : the obedient imagination / 
NTC's compact English dictionary : the core vocabulary for learners / 
Off the Mangrove Coast / 
Standoff / 
Gone for soldiers / 
The National Geographic traveler. San Francisco / 
Omerta / 
Weimar cinema and after : Germany's historical imaginary / 
Writing arguments : a rhetoric with readings / 
After Acorn : meditations on the message of Canada's people's poet / 
The Latin odes of Jean Dorat / 
Oliver Stone's USA : film, history, and controversy / 
The songwriter's and musician's guide to Nashville / 
Creative careers in music / 
Southern exposure : the story of Southern music in pictures and words / 
Marketing / 
Feminist perspectives on disability / 
The great school wars : a history of the New York City public schools / 
The characters of the Crucifixion / 
A house divided (Viêt Nam) / 
Domestic service and gender, 1660-1750 : life and work in the London household / 
A soldier and a woman : sexual integration in the military / 
Stocks, bonds, options, futures / 
Effective group discussion : theory and practice / 
History, design, and the end of time : God's plan for the world / 
American state papers bearing on Sunday legislation / 
Bankruptcy, the next twenty years / 
Christians and politics beyond the culture wars : an agenda for engagement / 
Women farmers and commercial ventures : increasing food security in developing countries / 
Teach your children well : helping kids make moral choices / 
Too Smart Jones and the stranger in the cave / 
Moss and Adams' heart disease in infants, children, and adolescents : 
Tourism demand modelling and forecasting : modern econometric approaches / 
History of early childhood education / 
Managing the Chinese environment / 
Day and overnight hikes in West Virginia's Monongahela National Forest / 
Spare room tycoon : succeeding independently : the 70 lessons of sane-self employment / 
Pagans and Christians in late antiquity : a sourcebook / 
John, the son of Zebedee : the life of a legend / 
John, a postmodern Gospel : introduction to deconstructive exegesis applied to the Fourth Gospel / 
Creek religion and medicine / 
Translation in the global village / 
Star factories : the birth of stars and planets / 
Toxicologist's pocket handbook / 
Transplant-associated coronary artery vasculopathy / 
Rhode Island facts and symbols / 
North American canoe country : the classic guide to canoe technique / 
Making sense of Social Security reform / 
Methods in non-aqueous enzymology / 
Visual computing / 
Citrus limonoids : functional chemicals in agriculture and foods / 
Welcome to Israel / 
Cross-national consumer psychographics / 
Dictionary of the ancient Near East / 
Constraint databases / 
Number theory / 
Food microbiology protocols / 
A guide to software configuration management / 
Trade IPOs online / 
The Tassajara recipe book / 
Meetings with remarkable women : Buddhist teachers in America / 
Engineering distributed objects  / 
Language shift in the coastal marshes of Louisiana / 
The theme-topic interface : evidence from English / 
Wheel of the infinite / 
Statistics applied to clinical trials / 
Delmar's veterinary technician dictionary / 
Nonlinear optical effects and materials / 
Pteranodon / 
Cooking the one-burner way : gourmet cuisine for the backcountry chef / 
Apatosaurus / 
Tyrannosaurus rex / 
Stegosaurus / 
Triceratops / 
Naked London  / 
Tylenchida : parasites of plants and insects / 
Octonions, Jordan algebras, and exceptional groups / 
Microwave non-destructive testing and evaluation / 
Shadowing in dynamical systems : theory and applications / 
Unconventional optical elements for information storage, processing and communications / 
The chemistry of environmental tobacco smoke : composition and measurement / 
Classic wooden yachts of the Northwest / 
Pacific grilling : recipes for the fire from Baja California to the Pacific Northwest / 
Mount St. Helens : the eruption and recovery of a volcano / 
The bald eagle returns / 
Heart failure : frontiers in cardiology / 
Lab fever : living, loving, and laughing with America's #1 pet / 
Pig tails 'n breadfruit : a culinary memoir / 
The hand of Oberon / 
The homecoming / 
Library outreach, partnerships, and distance education : reference librarians at the gateway / 
The forensic evaluation of traumatic brain injury : a handbook for clinicians and attorneys / 
Collection management : preparing today's bibliographers for tomorrow's libraries / 
River-horse : the logbook of a boat across America / 
The iron marshal : a biography of Louis N. Davout / 
The Napoleon options : alternate decisions of the Napoleonic wars / 
Terrible, swift sword : Union artillery, cavalry, and infantry, 1861-1865 / 
Long range desert group / 
Paris for families / 
Blood : stories of life and death from the Civil War / 
The best of the Nation : selections from the independent magazine of politics and culture / 
Quitting the Nairobi Trio / 
Memoir : my life and themes / 
Revolution : faces of change / 
A tradition of victory / 
A pebble and a pen / 
Iron shoes : a novel / 
Be your own angel : snippets for tough cookies (breast cancer soldiers) / 
Modern political economy and Latin America : theory and policy / 
Dare to change your job and your life / 
The craft of copywriting / 
Handbook of the media in Asia / 
Morality and work / 
Low risk, high reward : starting and growing your business with minimal risk / 
Growing into your crown : a study in 1 Thessalonians / 
The retreat of social democracy / 
Kosovo's refugees in the European Union / 
Managerial accounting : information for decisions / 
Statistical applications for health information management / 
Computers and ethics in the cyberage / 
Reading faster and understanding more / 
Death squads in global perspective : murder with deniability / 
Lights-out putting : a mind, body, and soul approach to golf's game within the game / 
Drumming the spirit to life : let the Goddess dance / 
No great mischief / 
Grandparents are special : a tribute to those who love, nurture & inspire / 
Margret & H.A. Rey's Curious George goes to a costume party / 
Crafts for Christian values / 
Multimedia applications support for wireless ATM networks / 
Developing LDAP and ADSI clients for Microsoft Exchange / 
Plato's Parmenides / 
Air and energy / 
Journey to a new land : an oral history / 
Your kitchen / 
Japan pop! : inside the world of Japanese popular culture / 
The Kwangju uprising : eyewitness press accounts of Korea's Tiananmen / 
The Jewish state : the struggle for Israel's soul / 
Tibet's great yogī, Milarepa : 
China's walled cities / 
Japanese : a comprehensive grammar / 
Japan's imperial diplomacy : 
Learning 3D Studio VIZ : a tutorial approach / 
Planning and organizing personal and professional development / 
The lost-found Nation of Islam in America / 
The story of Pocahontas / 
AIDS pathogenesis / 
Technological and medical implications of metabolic control analysis / 
Permar's oral embryology and microscopic anatomy : 
The epilepsies / 
Nuclear hepatology : a textbook of hepatobiliary diseases / 
A guide to effective care in pregnancy and childbirth / 
Communication and personal relationships : 
Evolution and the human mind : modularity, language, and meta-cognition / 
The Cambridge companion to Hannah Arendt / 
When the war was over : women, war and peace in Europe, 1940-1956 / 
Prayer that works / 
A woman's path : women's best spiritual travel writing / 
Three days without light : a Nephite Easter story / 
The cue for passion : grief and its political uses / 
Coming out straight : understanding and healing homosexuality / 
How to become an employer of choice / 
From control to drift : the dynamics of corporate information infastructures / 
Beauty, art, and the polis / 
Part of the community : strategies for including everyone / 
An ambition for our territory : planning for space and time / 
Implementing EU environmental policy : new directions and old problems / 
Germany's European diplomacy : shaping the regional milieu / 
The new Germany and migration in Europe / 
Discourse theory and political analysis : identities, hegemonies, and social change / 
Sacred sins / 
The house on Hope Street / 
In a sunburned country / 
Calixarenes for separations / 
Organ transplant : the debate over who, how, and why / 
The story of the wrestler they call "the Rock" / 
Pro wrestling's greatest tag teams / 
The story of the wrestler they call "Diamond" Dallas Page / 
Ric Flair : the story of the wrestler they call "The Nature Boy" / 
Americans with disabilities : exploring implications of the law for individuals and institutions / 
One taste : daily reflections on integral spirituality / 
Post traumatic stress disorder : the latest assessment and treatment strategies / 
The fifth woman / 
The Blackwell companion to Judaism / 
First words : a childhood in Fascist Italy / 
Generals and scholars : military rule in medieval Korea / 
The anatomy of public opinion / 
Footnotes to an unfinished poem / 
The darkening sea / 
Pro sports : how did they begin? / 
Foreign investments in Bulgaria / 
The weaknesses in the international protection of minority rights / 
Corporations, capital markets, and business in the law : liber amicorum Richard M. Buxbaum / 
Re-defining legitimate statehood : international law and state fragmentation in Africa / 
Dictionary of Third World theologies / 
Strategic perspectives on knowledge, competence, and expertise / 
Systemic leadership : enriching the meaning of our work / 
Pathways to career success for women : a resource guide to colleges, financial aid, and work / 
Soul mapping : an imaginative way to self-discovery / 
If it hurts, it isn't love : and 365 other principles to heal and transform your relationships / 
Essentials of marketing research / 
Russian American relations : Islamic and Turkic dimensions in the Volga-Ural basin / 
How to be your own personal trainer : on the road and at home / 
The soul of tomorrow's church : weaving spiritual practices in ministry together / 
Genetically engineered food : a self-defense guide for consumers / 
The glucose revolution pocket guide to your heart / 
The glucose revolution pocket guide to sugar and energy / 
On its own ground : 
Louis I. Kahn's Trenton Jewish Community Center  / 
Proven cruising routes / 
System performance evaluation : methodologies and applications / 
Oracle8 DBA : SQL and PL/SQL exam cram / 
IP routing protocols : RIP, OSPF, BGP, PNNI, and Cisco routing protocols / 
Oracle PL/SQL interactive workbook / 
Optimal reliability design : fundamentals and applications / 
Structure : in science and art / 
Foods : experimental perspectives / 
The National Geographic traveler. Rome / 
The National Geographic Traveler : Italy / 
I'm not feeling well today  / 
My secret war : the World War II diary of Madeline Beck / 
The journal of Otto Peltonen, a Finnish immigrant / 
One eye laughing, the other weeping : the diary of Julie Weiss / 
Historical dictionary of Nigeria / 
Seagoing : memoirs / 
Steps to college reading / 
Women in British romantic theatre : drama, performance, and society, 1790-1840 / 
Syntax in functional grammar : an introduction to lexicogrammar in systemic linguistics / 
Stardust on my pillow : stories to sleep on / 
Molière : a theatrical life / 
The bargain / 
Post captain / 
A season in Eden / 
Welcome to the Globe : the story of Shakespeare's theater / 
Terror on the Amazon : the quest for El Dorado / 
The origins of Hertfordshire / 
That second bottle : essays on John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester / 
Half crazy : a novel / 
Postbaccalaureate futures : new markets, resources,  credentials / 
1 Peter : a new translation with introduction and commentary / 
Thailand / 
A tree of life : diversity, flexibility, and creativity in Jewish law / 
Jewish life and American culture / 
Brighter than the Baghdad sun : Saddam Hussein's nuclear threat to the United States / 
Guide to analysis of language transcripts / 
Cuisines of the world : Spain / 
Velociraptor / 
Architecture and design for the family in twentieth-century Britain, 1900-1970 / 
History painting reassessed : the representation of history in contemporary art / 
Soft computing and human-centered machines / 
A Miocene (10-12 Ma) evergreen laurel-oak forest from Carmel Valley, California / 
Ants : standard methods for measuring and monitoring biodiversity / 
Nutrition and exercise immunology / 
Galileo : a life / 
The gilded edge : the art of the frame / 
Modern machine-guns / 
German rocket planes / 
World savannas : ecology and human use / 
Statistical mechanics / 
Introduction to structural analysis & design / 
The Boxer Rebellion : China, 1900 : the artists' perspective / 
Selected writing of Daniel H. Ludlow / 
Themes in Hume : the self, the will, religion / 
Spiritual navigation for the 21st century : sermons from Walter Thomas / 
The inevitable domination by man : an evolutionary detective story / 
The death penalty for teens : a pro/con issue / 
School dress codes : a pro/con issue / 
Physioeconomics : the basis for long-run economic growth / 
The poverty of "development economics" / 
Sublime understanding : aesthetic reflection in Kant and Hegel / 
A handful of ashes : one mother's tragedy / 
Understanding panic and other anxiety disorders / 
Black superheroes, Milestone comics, and their fans / 
Political dictionary of Israel / 
Accounting : information for decisions / 
Best easy day hikes, Denver / 
Best easy day hikes, Boulder / 
The Wichita Indians : traders of Texas and the Southern Plains, 1540-1845 / 
Christian ethics : an essential guide / 
Old Testament parsing guide / 
Erich Fromm : his life and ideas : an illustrated biography / 
The politics of British arms sales since 1964 : to secure our rightful share / 
The new avengers : feminism, femininity, and the rape-revenge cycle / 
Oxford and the decline of the collegiate tradition / 
Superintendent's guide to creating community / 
The magic pretzel / 
The Facts on File dictionary of cultural and historical allusions / 
An online visit to Africa / 
American women in technology : an encyclopedia / 
Workplace health surveillance : an action-oriented approach / 
Dynamical systems on homogeneous spaces / 
Squirrel wars : backyard wildlife battles & how to win them / 
Engineering problem solving : a classical perspective / 
Cuisines of the world : Japan / 
Chocolate cake / 
Process design tools for the environment / 
Builder's portable handbook / 
Elephant memories : thirteen years in the life of an elephant family : with a new afterword / 
Untangled Web : developing teaching on the Internet / 
Busy woman's cookbook : delicious, healthy recipes in 30 minutes or less / 
How to prepare for the Armed Forces test--ASVAB, Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery / 
A living bay : the underwater world of Monterey Bay / 
Painting luscious fruit / 
Stochastic processes and orthogonal polynomials / 
Interstellar propagation of electromagnetic signals / 
Methods in plant electron microscopy and cytochemistry / 
Dimorphism in human pathogenic and apathogenic yeasts / 
Programming the Perl DBI / 
River safety : a floater's guide / 
The heir / 
Native American crafts and skills : a fully illustrated guide to wilderness living and survival / 
Poetry as prayer, Jessica Powers / 
America's strategic blunders : intelligence analysis and national security policy, 1936-1991 / 
Data analysis in molecular biology and evolution / 
Your beagle's life : your complete guide to raising your pet from puppy to companion / 
C6X-based digital signal processing / 
Your boxer's life : your complete guide to raising your pet from puppy to companion / 
Optimizing filtration in biological filters / 
Quality assurance handbook for veterinary laboratories / 
Measurement of virus and indicator survival and transport in the subsurface / 
Enabling technologies for computational science : frameworks, middleware, and environments / 
Scalar diffraction from a circular aperture / 
Data mining in finance : advances in relational and hybrid methods / 
Digital libraries and multimedia / 
Readings for American government : freedom and power / 
From catastrophe to chaos : a general theory of economic discontinuities / 
Fuzzy if-then rules in computational intelligence : theory and applications / 
Statistical mining and data visualization in atmospheric sciences / 
Current directions in postal reform / 
Towards a quarter-century of public key cryptography / 
Acoustic signal processing for telecommunication / 
The oil kingdom at 100 : petroleum policymaking in Saudi Arabia / 
Heuristic approaches for telecommunications network management, planning, and expansion / 
Continuous media databases / 
Research perspectives on dynamic translinear and log-domain circuits / 
The Cambridge companion to Malebranche / 
Software and Internet law / 
Professional development : a guide for general practice / 
Constitutional theory : arguments and perspectives / 
Partners and parents / 
The corruption of American politics : what went wrong and why / 
Adipose tissue protocols / 
Women and gender in early modern Europe / 
Management of antimicrobials in infectious diseases : impact of antibiotic resistance / 
Speaking freely : a scholar's memoir of experience in the University of California, 1938-1967 / 
Colorectal cancer : methods and protocols / 
Robots for kids : exploring new technologies for learning / 
Property rights, economics, and the environment / 
Peace is the way : writings on nonviolence from the Fellowship of Reconciliation / 
Athletic scholarships : thousands of grants--and over $400 million--for college-bound athletes / 
Abbeville animals : dolphin  / 
Abbeville animals : elephant / 
Abbeville animals : lion / 
Acoustic and elastic wave fields in geophysics / 
Operational aspects of oil and gas well testing / 
The financial health of the Canadian furniture industry  / 
Deaf plus : a multicultural perspective / 
Extinct humans / 
Orthodox spiritual life according to Saint Silouan the Athonite / 
Wash your hands! / 
Case studies in nursing ethics / 
Hot, sour, salty, sweet : a culinary journey through Southeast Asia / 
The Israel of God : yesterday, today, and tomorrow / 
Principles and practice of endocrinology and metabolism / 
Complementary and alternative medicine and psychiatry / 
Principles and practice of gynecologic oncology / 
CFIDS, fibromyalgia, and the virus-allergy link : new therapy for chronic functional illnesses / 
Chronic illness : research and theory for nursing practice / 
The survivors of Israel : a reconsideration of the theology of pre-Christian Judaism / 
Muslims on the Americanization path? / 
The demography of health and health care / 
Flavius Josephus, translation and commentary / 
China : a journey into its musical art / 
The journals of Father Alexander Schmemann, 1973-1983 / 
Tourism in Southeast Asia : a new direction / 
The historical archaeology of the Ottoman Empire : breaking new ground / 
Geriatric secrets / 
The essential enneagram : the definitive personality test and self-discovery guide / 
Congestive heart failure : what you should know / 
Tools for success : soft skills for the construction industry / 
Squirts and spurts : science fun with water / 
John L. Porter : naval constructor of destiny / 
Statistical ecology in practice : a guide to analysing environmental and ecological field data / 
Bangs and twangs : science fun with sound / 
Job search handbook for people with disabilities / 
Employment relations in France : evolution and innovation / 
Eugène Atget : 
Great moments in Black history : Wade in the water / 
Leadership in recreation / 
Social problems for the twenty-first century / 
Power & choice : an introduction to political science / 
The function of law in the international community / 
The Cathars / 
God is like-- : three parables for children / 
Heartbeats : encouraging words for new moms / 
Peer coaching for educators / 
Cultivated landscapes of native North America / 
Sensing the Passion : reflections during Lent / 
10 good choices that empower Black women's lives / 
Las obreras : Chicana politics of work and family / 
Grassroots marketing : getting noticed in a noisy world / 
Electricity and magnetism / 
Me and my pet dog / 
Animals / 
Transportation / 
Space / 
Literature and ourselves : a thematic introduction for readers and writers / 
The reign of Richard Lionheart : ruler of the Angevin empire, 1189-99 / 
Captain Blackman / 
The ultimate Windows 2000 system administrator's guide / 
Soft computing for image processing / 
WCDMA for UMTS : radio access for third generation mobile communications / 
Analytical instrumentation : performance characteristics and quality / 
Field notes from the Grand Canyon : raging river, quiet mind : an illustrated journal / 
American insects : a handbook of the insects of America north of Mexico / 
The woman behind the lens : the life and work of Frances Benjamin Johnston, 1864-1952 / 
Neutron interferometry : lessons in experimental quantum mechanics / 
Differential equations with graphical and numerical methods / 
Teens have feelings, too! : 100 monologs for young performers / 
Paul McCartney, paintings / 
After the cure : managing AIDS and other public health crises / 
Frank Stella's Moby Dick : words and shapes / 
The 5-minute urology consult / 
Principles of surgical management / 
Managing death in the ICU : the transition from cure to comfort / 
Quality of life : assessment, analysis, and interpretation / 
Durocher's Cubs : the greatest team that didn't win / 
Retro NY : a guide to rediscovering old New York / 
Chicago's South Side, 1946-1948 / 
An introduction to wisdom literature and the Psalms : festschrift Marvin E. Tate / 
El Salvador : post-conflict reconstruction : country case evaluation / 
The Lord's Prayer in my life : the basic lessons of prayer / 
100 ways to teach your child about God / 
The control freak / 
Blue Jacket : warrior of the Shawnees / 
Internal marketing : directions of management / 
Sex appeal : the art of allure in graphic and advertising design / 
Training with a beat : the teaching power of music / 
The lieutenant nun : transgenderism, lesbian desire & Catalina de Erauso / 
Main street renewal : a handbook for citizens and public officials / 
The Negro leagues revisited : conversations with 66 more baseball heroes / 
The means to win : strategies for success in business and politics / 
Bosnia and Herzegovina : post-conflict reconstruction / 
Citizen muckraking : how to investigate and right wrongs in your community / 
Imagine that! / 
Africa is not a country / 
Get a laugh! : over 500 jokes and anecdotes about modern life / 
The documentary heritage of Ohio / 
The assistant : a novel / 
Problems and solutions in human assessment : honoring Douglas N. Jackson at seventy / 
The clinical handbook of pediatric infectious disease / 
The long march : how the cultural revolution of the 1960s changed America / 
The daughters of Simon Lamoreaux : a novel / 
To love this life : quotations / 
Dear young friend : letters from American presidents to children / 
Red, white, and blue murder : a Hilda Johansson mystery / 
Bible story crafts for little hands / 
The forest : a novel / 
Deadly décisions / 
Toni Morrison explained : a reader's road map to the novels / 
Pity the bathtub its forced embrace of the human form : poems / 
Gothic readings : the first wave, 1764-1840 / 
Don't dig for water under the outhouse and other cowboy commandments / 
The Haida / 
The British seaside : holidays and resorts in the twentieth century / 
Drinking with Bukowski : recollections of the poet laureate of Skid Row / 
Rooted in barbarous soil : people, culture, and community in Gold Rush California / 
The erotic Whitman / 
Bruce & Stan's pocket guide to sharing your faith / 
No room for neighbors : a tale in which two strangers become friends / 
The suspicious stranger : a tale in which kindness is repaid / 
No fair! : a tale in which Monty learns contentment / 
Fightin' mad : a tale in which Sherman learns to handle his anger / 
Tunnel 2000 : a tale in which Edgar finds joy in living / 
Timber! : a tale in which a son learns to honor his parents / 
Fire blight : the disease and its causative agent, Erwinia amylovora / 
The bondage breaker / 
The new inductive study Bible : 
Careers in focus. 
Kidding around / 
Windows 2000 administrator's handbook / 
Mr. Wiggle's book / 
The Mother Goose news / 
Shakespeare : man of the theater / 
Finders keepers! : a tale in which Robby stops stealing and starts giving / 
In-service training for aquatic professionals / 
Politics and war : European conflict from Philip II to Hitler / 
The contagion of matter / 
The recalcitrant art : Diotima's letters to Hölderlin and related missives / 
Classical and modern narratives of leadership / 
Handbook of functional neuroimaging of cognition / 
The nation's health / 
Documentation improvement methods : the new accounting manual / 
Strategic management in Central and Eastern Europe / 
From nowhere to everywhere : lesbian geographies / 
Charlotte Motor Speedway / 
Getting apart together : the couple's guide to a fair divorce or separation / 
New thinking for the new millennium / 
Uncertain masculinities : youth, ethnicity, and class in contemporary Britain / 
Searching for peace : the road to TRANSCEND / 
Managing change : a guide to British economic policy / 
Debates in British politics today / 
Defining dress : dress as object, meaning, and identity / 
New labour in power / 
Criminal procedure : law and practice / 
Radiation shielding / 
Zemlinsky / 
The Billboard book of #2 singles / 
The history of rap music / 
Aladdin's take-out / 
A girl, a goat, and a goose  / 
Mr. Cheap's New York / 
The Last samurai / 
Kids' funniest riddles / 
Words and minds : how we use language to think together / 
The interrelations of syntax, narrative structure, and prosody in a Berber language / 
Alternative Chicago : unique destinations beyond the Magnificent Mile / 
Stepping / 
A smile on the face of the tiger / 
The letter of the law / 
Courage of falcons / 
Amanda's wedding : a novel / 
Dark matter : a century of speculative fiction from the African diaspora / 
The fighting gamecock / 
Wildlife / 
Who am I? / 
Your family heritage : projects in appliqué / 
Artful appliqué : the easy way / 
Surveying : with construction applications / 
Nature reborn : the ecological and cosmic promise of Christian theology / 
Business : an integrative approach / 
Analysis for financial management / 
Integrated arithmetic & basic algebra / 
The Christian clergy in India / 
Psychology in India revisited : developments in the discipline / 
The fabrication of social order : a  critical theory of police power / 
God who creates : essays in honor of W. Sibley Towner / 
A journey through Christian theology : with texts from the first to the twenty-first century / 
Learning from history : a Black Christian's perspective on the Holocaust / 
History, religion, and meaning : American reflections on the Holocaust and Israel / 
Women migrant workers in China's economic reform / 
In China's image : Chinese self-perception in Western thought / 
Gender, democracy, and inclusion in Northern Ireland / 
Small developing countries and global markets : competing in the big league / 
Last night I danced with a stranger : a guide to dream analysis / 
Sudan, civil war and terrorism, 1956-99 / 
Women in British politics, 1760-1860 : the power of the petticoat / 
Till debt do us part : balancing finances, feelings, and family / 
The Jews of Europe after the black death / 
The folk-tales of Burma : an introduction / 
Ancient Egypt / 
Michael Faraday / 
A tide pool on the seashore / 
Number theory : algebraic numbers and functions / 
Model rebels : the rise and fall of China's richest village / 
The critical response to John Steinbeck's The grapes of wrath / 
Antiquities / 
Richard M. Nixon / 
Nothing but the night / 
Catch a falling spy / 
Rome / 
New York / 
Books on early American history and culture, 1991-1995 : an annotated bibliography / 
London / 
Paris / 
Ray Bradbury : a critical companion / 
Shakespeare's unorthodox biography : new evidence of an authorship problem / 
Understanding Othello : a student casebook to issues, sources, and historical documents / 
The late medieval age of crisis and renewal, 1300-1500 : a biographical dictionary / 
American women writers, 1900-1945 : a bio-bibliographical critical sourcebook / 
The plays of Shakespeare : a thematic guide / 
Sewing shut my eyes / 
Heights of the marvelous : a New York anthology / 
Policing and conflict in Northern Ireland / 
Into the promised land : issues facing the welfare state / 
Contemporary financial management / 
Play world : the emergence of the new ludenic age / 
Asphalt justice : a critique of the criminal justice system in America / 
East Asian democratization : impact of globalization, culture, and economy / 
China and Southeast Asia's ethnic Chinese : state and diaspora in contemporary Asia / 
Eat, or be eaten! : jungle warfare for the master corporate politican / 
An English teacher's guide to performance tasks & rubrics, middle school / 
Making decisions about diverse learners : a guide for educators / 
In our humble opinion : Car talk's Click and Clack rant and rave / 
The funhouse mirror : reflections on prison / 
José Silva's ultramind ESP system : think your way to success / 
Lessons from the legends of Wall Street / 
The social psychology of stigma / 
The environmental law and compliance handbook / 
Keynes on population / 
Politics UK / 
Sexual disorders / 
Mary : images of the Holy Mother / 
Quality management for the technology sector / 
Human geography : landscapes of human activities / 
Investigation of grey cast iron water mains to develop a methodology for estimating service life / 
The larvae of Indo-Pacific coastal fishes : an identification guide to marine fish larvae / 
Hybrid seed production in vegetables : rationale and methods in selected crops / 
Fine-grained turbidite systems / 
The Windows CE technology tutorial : Windows powered solutions for the developer / 
Sorting out the Web : approaches to subject access / 
The formative influences, theories, and campaigns of the Archduke Carl of Austria / 
Physiological bases for maize improvement / 
Historical dictionary of the U.S. Army / 
The whale shark / 
Meet Shel Silverstein / 
The way of perfection / 
Strategic marketing problems : cases and comments / 
The bishop's palace : architecture and authority in medieval Italy / 
Chevrolet-racing? : fourteen years of raucous silence!, 1957-1970 / 
Cards : fast & fabulous projects / 
German-American studies : selected essays / 
The buildings of Main Street : a guide to American commercial architecture / 
Flood resistant design and construction / 
Risk modeling for determining value and decision making / 
Polar exploration adventures / 
Wine administrator's handbook / 
The influenza pandemic of 1918 / 
Pizza : the pie that's not a dessert / 
Chocolate : savor the flavor / 
Chewing gum : a sticky treat / 
Hamburgers : bad news for cows / 
Pretzels : one of the world's oldest snack foods / 
Ice cream : the cold creamy treat / 
The world's fastest boats / 
Descriptive set theory and dynamical systems / 
Murano : poem / 
Sailing away : short stories / 
An empire divided : the American Revolution and the British Caribbean / 
Confessio amantis / 
Carbon monoxide toxicity / 
Angiogenesis : from the molecular to integrative pharmacology / 
Advances in non-invasive electrocardiographic monitoring techniques / 
Affect regulation and the development of psychopathology / 
Psychiatry / 
Vatos / 
Lost Romance Ranch / 
Aspects of twentieth-century theatre in French / 
Bret Harte : opening the American literary West / 
The memory of stones / 
Lindbergh : a biography / 
Around the world in eighty days / 
The medieval scene : an informal introduction to the Middle Ages / 
Old Rockaway, New York, in early photographs / 
Slaves, masters, and the art of authority in Plautine comedy / 
A raising up : memories of a North Carolina childhood / 
Jewish holiday treats : recipes and crafts for the whole family / 
Jewelry : fast & fabulous projects / 
Paint research and development / 
Some deaths before dying / 
South Dakota facts and symbols / 
Teletext : its promise and demise / 
Dilemma / 
Katrina's wings : miracles happen in the most unexpected places / 
Lunch at the zoo : what zoo animals eat and why / 
Bertie's picture day / 
Amazons in the drawing room : the art of Romaine Brooks / 
Statistics and chemometrics for analytical chemistry / 
Scientific farm animal production : an introduction to animal science / 
Abstracting reality : art, communication, and cognition in the digital age / 
Kill the shogun : a samurai mystery / 
The color of my words / 
Making tracks / 
The fifty states / 
Eleven stories high : growing up in Stuyvesant Town, 1948-1968 / 
The rose and the beast : fairy tales retold / 
Alfredo Arribas : works, 92-2000 / 
Electrician  / 
Cosmetologist / 
The gluten-free gourmet : living well without wheat / 
Hammerheads and other sharks / 
Cool careers for girls in performing arts / 
Pausanias : travel and memory in Roman Greece / 
The new Simonides : contexts of praise and desire / 
African-American performance and theater history : a critical reader / 
Trust but verify : imagery analysis in the Cold War / 
The art of integrative counseling / 
A dictionary of Samaritan Aramaic / 
Daoism handbook / 
Hand fractures : repair, reconstruction, and rehabilitation / 
Physical therapy of the low back  / 
Handbook of coronary care / 
Cardiothoracic surgical nursing / 
Macular surgery / 
Form and function in the brain and spinal cord : perspectives of a neurologist / 
Dictionary of Chicano folklore / 
Monastic gardens / 
How to photograph your family : getting closer with your camera and your heart / 
Spirit of the earth : native cooking from Latin America / 
Cars, trains & motorcycles / 
Rockets and other spacecraft / 
Immunology : a short course / 
Arizona / 
Small town Minnesota, A to Z / 
Contemporary Jewish American writers and the multicultural dilemma : the return of the exiled / 
Pets living with cancer : a pet owner's resource / 
Tin Wren / 
A class act : changing teachers' work, the state, and globalisation / 
Perform it! : a complete guide to young people's theatre / 
Internal quality auditing / 
Venus Williams : tennis champion / 
Maya script : a civilization and its writing / 
Managing stress / 
Customer service : career success through customer satisfaction / 
Human relations : interpersonal, job-oriented skills / 
Even more little stories for little children : a worship resource / 
With oil in their lamps : faith, feminism, and the future / 
Shopping for identity : the marketing of ethnicity / 
Social ministry : an urgent agenda for pastors and churches / 
Human rights in the United States : a dictionary and documents / 
Straight talk from a Brethren sister  / 
The essential Brunswik : beginnings, explications, applications / 
Citizenship in a global age : society, culture, politics / 
Communication : creating understanding / 
Infancy to early childhood : genetic and environmental influences on developmental change / 
Transformed by His glory : revealing God through the fruit of the Spirit / 
New bones : contemporary Black writers in America / 
Self-injury : psychotherapy with people who engage in self-inflicted violence / 
Self-direction : taking positive risks, following your dreams / 
The making of intelligence / 
Pubis angelical / 
Eileen Gray : architect/designer : a biography / 
The Jack Russell terrier handbook / 
Genomics and proteomics : functional and computational aspects / 
The hundredth window : protecting your privacy and security in the age of the Internet / 
Fast & easy techniques for building modern cabinetry / 
Choice, pathways, and transitions post-16 : new youth, new economies in the global city / 
Beyond physicalism / 
Corrections in the United States : a contemporary perspective / 
Organisational learning in the automotive sector / 
MCSE : the core exams in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference / 
Smoke, dust, and haze : fundamentals of aerosol dynamics / 
Internet and intranet security management : risks and solutions / 
Surviving the camps : unity in adversity during the Holocaust / 
Austen in the world : postcolonial mappings / 
California real estate license preparation / 
Trade, environment, and the WTO : the post-Seattle agenda / 
The management of technological innovation : an international and strategic approach / 
Life in the Family : an oral history of the Children of God / 
Pigeonholed in the land of penguins : a tale of seeing beyond stereotypes / 
The four corners of the sky : creation stories and cosmologies from around the world / 
Just around the corner : poems / 
Astronomy : the solar system and beyond / 
Continuous improvement in the history and social science classroom / 
Tao te ching / 
Classic jazz : a personal view of the music and the musicians / 
Well connected : power your own soul by plugging into others / 
Meaner than meanest / 
Physics and radiobiology of nuclear medicine  / 
Where is your Buddha nature? : stories to instruct and inspire / 
Cave of tigers : modern Zen encounters / 
Pain and neuroimmune interactions / 
Oxygen sensing : molecule to man / 
Gus & Gertie and the missing pearl / 
The development of Arthurian romance / 
The Song of Songs in English renaissance literature : kisses of their mouths / 
Joe Lion's big boots / 
Thinking Orientals : migration,contact, and exoticism in modern America / 
Girl reel : a lesbian remembers growing up at the movies : memoir / 
When we were gods : a novel of Cleopatra / 
Pick & shovel poet : the journeys of Pascal D'Angelo / 
Masterpieces of Negro eloquence, 1818-1913 / 
Dinosaurs on-line : a guide to the best dinosaur sites on the internet / 
Job offer! : a how-to negotiation guide / 
Month-by-month gardening in the Carolinas / 
Antietam / 
Coming home to Jerusalem : a personal journey / 
Bel and Bub and the baby bird / 
Sheryl Swoopes / 
On Shabbat / 
The rise of professional women in France : gender and public administration since 1830 / 
Legal and ethical issues in nursing / 
Reconstructing religious, spiritual, and moral education / 
Virtue, vice, and value / 
The crystal and the way of light : sutra, tantra and dzogchen / 
The nature of things : emptiness and essence in the Geluk World / 
The thirteen colonies / 
Living the jazz life : conversations with forty musicians about their careers in jazz / 
Environmental science : the natural environment and human impact / 
Buchanan dying : a play / 
Visions from the golden land : Burma and the art of lacquer / 
The fence and the neighbor : Emmanuel Levinas, Yeshayahu Leibowitz, and Israel among the nations / 
The Islamic roots of democratic pluralism / 
The literature of Al-Andalus / 
Knowledge and practice in early modern English medicine, 1550-1680 / 
China pilot : flying for Chennault during the Cold War / 
Imagining India / 
Jewish baby boomers : a communal perspective / 
Jazz : a history of America's music / 
A guide to Jewish prayer / 
Inevitable doubt : two theories of Shīʻī jurisprudence / 
Pocket guide to acne / 
Inventing local democracy : grassroots politics in Brazil / 
The essential Ilan Stavans / 
Nothing gold can stay : a Liam Campbell mystery / 
Philosophical entrées : classic and contemporary readings in philosophy / 
Isreali [sic] writing against itself : 
Angelina's Halloween / 
Stress can really get on your nerves! / 
Why is everybody always picking on us? : understanding the roots of prejudice / 
The numerology of the I Ching : a sourcebook of symbols, structures, and traditional wisdom / 
Fishy Friday / 
Bridging and relevance / 
Monuments & maidens : the allegory of the female form / 
Problems of death : opposing viewpoints / 
Joining the rodeo / 
Bronc and bareback riding / 
Rodeo barrel racing / 
Bull riding and bullfighting / 
Globalisation and international trade liberalisation : continuity and change / 
Hands are not for hitting / 
Mother of my mother : the intricate bond between generations / 
An introduction to rhetorical communication / 
Halloween / 
Christmas / 
Chanukah / 
Thanksgiving / 
Kwanzaa / 
New Year's Day / 
Goin' back to Memphis : a century of blues, rock 'n' roll, and glorious soul / 
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day / 
Valentine's Day / 
John F. Kennedy, Jr. / 
Essential deer hunting for teens / 
The new encyclopedia of the dog / 
Stockholm / 
The satanic gases : clearing the air about global warming / 
A field guide to internationalizing business education / 
Living in my skin : the insider's view of life with a special needs child / 
Voices in the shadows : women and verbal art in Serbia and Bosnia / 
Break every rule : essays on language, longing, and moments of desire / 
The triangle of representation / 
Mega cooking : a revolutionary new plan for quantity cooking / 
Destiny in the palm of your hand : creating your future through Vedic palmistry / 
Star ancestors : Indian wisdomkeepers share the teachings of the extraterrestrials / 
Stretching for health : your handbook for ultimate wellness, longevity, and productivity / 
Snow pumpkin / 
Death of a hornet, and other Cape Cod essays / 
CRC standard probability and statistics tables and formulae / 
Gangbusters : how a street-tough, elite homicide unit took down New York's most dangerous gang / 
Stay young, start now : a family doctor's guide to more energy, less stress, and better sex / 
Tupag the dreamer / 
Living peacefully in a stressful world : a strategy for replacing stress with peace / 
Dorothy Hodgkin : a life / 
CCNP switching exam cram / 
I-Net+ exam cram / 
Kittery to Calais : the Maine coast from above / 
All my shining silver : stories of values from around the world / 
The case for marriage : why married people are happier, healthier, and better off financially / 
The mating mind : how sexual choice shaped the evolution of human nature / 
Piety in Providence : class dimensions of religious experience in antebellum Rhode Island / 
On abstinence from killing animals / 
Undomesticated ground : recasting nature as feminist space / 
Migrants and citizens : demographic change in the European state system / 
Narrating the Holocaust / 
Motherhood in black and white : race and sex in American liberalism, 1930-1965 / 
Agriscience : fundamentals & applications / 
An imperfect balance : landscape transformations in the Precolumbian Americas / 
Ray Bradbury / 
A feisty little pointing dog : a celebration of the Brittany / 
European literature from romanticism to postmodernism : a reader in aesthetic practice / 
The Fredericksburg Campaign : October 1862-January 1863 / 
HTML black book / 
Lighthouses & range lights of Door County, Wisconsin / 
Hunting in North America : 
Hunting whitetail deer : innovative techniques for any situation / 
Stonework & masonry projects : 
Visual identities / 
Setting up a Linux Internet server visual black book / 
God, Dr. Buzzard, and the Bolito Man : a saltwater Geechee talks about life on Sapelo Island / 
Jet fighter : the Harrier AV-8B / 
1 & 2 Samuel / 
Gold's Gym workout journal / 
The egg, and other stories / 
Religion and state : the Muslim approach to politics / 
Transport processes in chemically reacting flow systems / 
Mastering copperplate calligraphy : a step-by-step manual / 
Competency exam prep & review for nursing assistants / 
Ecological modernisation around the world : persectives and critical debates / 
Just like you and me / 
The guns of Valverde / 
You don't know me : a novel / 
The return / 
Stained glass : jewels of light / 
Elk hunting / 
Midnight sun / 
Chamique Holdsclaw / 
The Federal appointments process : a constitutional and historical analysis / 
Do or die : a Mali Anderson mystery / 
Broken promises, mended hearts : maintaining trust in love relationships / 
An Arab-Syrian gentleman and warrior in the period of the Crusades : 
The natural house : a complete guide to healthy, energy-efficient, environmental homes / 
The art of money : the history and design of paper currency from around the world / 
Resiliency enhancement : putting the strengths perspective into social work practice / 
Cardiovascular medicine / 
Hematopoietic stem cell therapy / 
Sites & structures : the architectural photographs of Edward S. Curtis / 
Living with hearing loss : the sourcebook of deafness and hearing disorders / 
Columbia : gem of the South / 
CCNP support exam cram / 
CCNA routing and switching exam prep / 
Skeletons of the prairie : abandoned rural Codington County, South Dakota / 
Left-handed dreams / 
Locating Irish folklore : tradition, modernity, identity / 
InvestBeyond.com : a new look at investing in today's changing markets / 
Manual of emergency airway management / 
Jesse E. Edwards' synopsis of congenital heart disease / 
Gone for soldiers / 
Traditonal tales from Celtic lands / 
Traditional tales from Norse lands / 
Traditional tales from Ancient Greece / 
The five-minute Iliad and other instant classics : great books for the short attention span / 
A unit of water, a unit of time : Joel White's last boat / 
Who am I? / 
Who am I? / 
Perceptual organization for artificial vision systems / 
A pond in a meadow / 
Trees and shrubs of New England / 
Tornadoes / 
Software engineering with OBJ : algebraic specification in action / 
Fuzzy control and modeling : analytical foundations and applications / 
Oracle8i DBA bible / 
Near planets / 
Man made : Thomas Eakins and the construction of Gilded Age manhood / 
Fantastic Antone grows up : adolescents and adults with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome / 
Bob Mathias : across the fields of gold : stories and photographs of a true American hero / 
Summit Avenue : a novel / 
Stage manager : the professional experience / 
The birth of Sydney / 
Cuba Gooding, Jr. / 
Inherit the truth : a memoir of survival and the Holocaust / 
Vermont facts and symbols / 
Nevada facts and symbols / 
Oklahoma facts and symbols / 
Breakers : selected poems / 
Cities and urban life / 
Occupation : the ordeal of France, 1940-1944 / 
African novels in the classroom  / 
The Queen's bastard : a novel / 
Women's wit and wisdom : a book of quotations / 
The prince and the pauper / 
Narrative of the expedition to the China seas and Japan, 1852-1854 / 
The Crusades from the perspective of Byzantium and the Muslim world / 
Progress in understanding reading : scientific foundations and new frontiers / 
Long term care compliance resource manual / 
Reclaiming identity : realist theory and the predicament of postmodernism / 
How to get filthy, stinking rich and still have time for great sex / 
Nursing practice and the law : avoiding malpractice and other legal risks / 
Not the classical ideal : Athens and the construction of the other in Greek art / 
Stability and transition in shear flows / 
A history of art in Africa / 
Hollywood candid : a photographer remembers / 
Classic data structures in Java / 
The villa : from ancient to modern / 
Introduction to organic chemistry II / 
Wolf Kahn pastels / 
American art : a cultural history / 
Transition metal catalysis in macromolecular design / 
Natural born CAADesigners : young American architects / 
Jim Henson's designs and doodles : a muppet sketchbook / 
Paulding Farnham : Tiffany's lost genius / 
Mathematics in action. An introduction to algebraic, graphical, and numerical problem solving / 
The guide to EKG interpretation / 
OKU, Orthopaedic knowledge update. Trauma 2 / 
Dynamic surface tensiometry in medicine / 
Emergency management for the operating and recovery rooms : 
Moving in on occupational injury / 
A year in the life : journaling for self-discovery / 
A deep blue sounding : dark voyage with the U.S. Coast Guard / 
Coyote autumn / 
Genghis Khan / 
The Israelis and Palestinians : small steps to peace / 
The packaging designer's book of patterns / 
The HOK guidebook to sustainable design / 
Cargo ships / 
Freight trains / 
Transport helicopters / 
Delivery trucks / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
Careers in focus. 
Careers in focus. 
Cyberimperialism? : global relations in the new electronic frontier / 
Art and representation : contributions to contemporary aesthetics / 
Boat maintenance : the essential guide to cleaning, painting, and cosmetics / 
Optimize your cruising sailboat : 101 ways to make your sailboat better / 
Get your captain's license / 
God-apes and fossil men : paleoanthropology of South Asia / 
Higher education in developing countries : peril and promise / 
Social assessment and agricultural reform in Central Asia and Turkey / 
Mia Hamm / 
Martina Hingis / 
The composite guide to bodybuilding / 
Having a Mary heart in a Martha world : finding intimacy with God in the busyness of life / 
Love adds the chocolate / 
Every man's battle : winning the war on sexual temptation : one victory at a time / 
Love one another : how to let God's heart shine through your life / 
Stress and distress among the unemployed : hard times and vulnerable people / 
Premarital prediction of marital quality or breakup : research, theory, and practice / 
Prehistoric Iberia : genetics, anthropology, and linguistics / 
Reasoning and the law : the elements / 
The giant turtle / 
Waiting for Dizzy : fourteen jazz portraits / 
Mosul before Iraq : like bees making five-sided cells / 
What makes women sick? : maternity, modesty, and militarism in Israeli society / 
Overcome by modernity : history, culture, and community in interwar Japan / 
The sinner and the amnesiac : the rabbinic invention of Elisha ben Abuya and Eleazar ben Arach / 
Governing race : policy, process, and the politics of race / 
Ramage & the drumbeat / 
Ramage / 
Colours aloft / 
Flashpoint / 
Leave the grave green / 
In the presence of horses / 
Hard evidence : a Cat Marsala mystery / 
Midnight star / 
Crazy for you / 
Everywhere that Mary went / 
Sweetwood bride / 
Lovely in her bones / 
Consuming anxieties : consumer protest, gender, and British slavery, 1713-1833 / 
The words of selves : identification, solidarity, irony / 
The absence of grace : sprezzatura and suspicion in two Renaissance courtesy books / 
The invention of Dionysus : an essay on The birth of tragedy / 
Brigham's day / 
The death of an amiable child : an Anita Servi novel / 
Angelina's Christmas / 
Angelina and the Princess / 
Angelina at the fair / 
Angelina's baby sister / 
Angelina Ballerina / 
The confession of Augustine / 
Difference in time : a critical theory of culture / 
Beyond behavior : construction of an overarching psychological theory of lifestyles / 
Leading Japan : the role of the prime minister / 
Cultural cognition and psychopathology / 
Ordinary wisdom : biographical aging and the journey of life / 
Tantra in practice / 
The silence of heaven : Agnon's fear of God / 
Friendly fire : American images of the Vietnam War / 
The inner kālacakratantra : a Buddhist tantric view of the individual / 
On point : a rifleman's year in the boonies : Vietnam, 1967-1968 / 
Dharma beads : making and using your own Buddhist malas / 
Evening clouds / 
Commander of the Exodus / 
Embedded multiprocessors : scheduling and synchronization / 
Probability and statistical inference / 
Partial integral operators and integro-differential equations / 
Handbook of cereal science and technology / 
Solid-phase extraction : principles, techniques, and applications / 
Regulatory chemicals handbook / 
On our best behavior : positive behavior-management strategies for the classroom / 
Driven : the racing photography of Jesse Alexander, 1954-1962 / 
Various thoughts on the occasion of a comet / 
Changing religious worlds : the meaning and end of Mircea Eliade / 
Simple gestures / 
A simple justice : the challenge of small schools / 
Big rain coming / 
Acute emergencies and critical care of the geriatric patient / 
Silent myocardial ischemia and infarction / 
Tuberculosis : a comprehensive international approach / 
Guide to nursing management and leadership / 
Cellular peptidases in immune functions and diseases 2 / 
Mississippi facts and symbols / 
Kansas facts and symbols / 
North Dakota facts and symbols / 
The blind see only this world : poems for John Wieners / 
Signing in fourteen languages : a multilingual dictionary of 2,500 American Sign Language words / 
On the winds and waves of imagination : transnational feminism and literature / 
Half a heart / 
Training, tactics, and leadership in the Confederate Army of Tennessee : seeds of failure / 
Dissenting fictions : identity and resistance in the contemporary American novel / 
Mama's way / 
On the horns of a dilemma : the story of the Ukrainian division Halychyna / 
Translating for children / 
Oracle8 DBA : performance tuning / 
Fundamentals of electric drives / 
National geotechnical experimentation sites / 
Song for the whooping crane / 
Oracle8 DBA : database administration / 
The anthropology of religion : an introduction / 
Imperialism : theoretical directions / 
Internet marketing : strategy, implementation, and practice / 
SmartStart your West Virginia business / 
Coercion to compromise : plea bargaining, the courts and the making of political authority / 
Coffee break : touching lives with love / 
The CPA's handbook of fraud and commercial crime prevention / 
The Bauman reader / 
The way of forgiveness : how to heal life's hurts and restore broken relationships / 
Culture matters : how values shape human progress / 
Two views of hell : a biblical & theological dialogue / 
Introduction to British politics / 
The Blackwell guide to the modern philosophers : from Descartes to Nietzsche / 
Mind's landscape : an introduction to the philosophy of mind / 
Urban social geography : an introduction / 
How to form a corporation in Massachusetts : with forms / 
Practical ethics for a technological world / 
"And then the Shark told Justin..." : a collection of the greatest true golf stories ever told / 
Water witching U.S.A. / 
Contemporary analytic and linguistic philosophies / 
Welfare reform and beyond : making work work : a policy statement / 
The dictionary of human geography / 
The artful chicken : great recipes & splendid objects for the passionate collector / 
Information appliances and beyond : interaction design for consumer products / 
Computer-assisted reservoir management / 
Box Turtle at Silver Pond Lane / 
Stochastic resonance : theory and applications / 
Piezoelectric materials : advances in science, technology, and applications / 
Women of the world : a global collection of art / 
Hardware design and Petri nets / 
Digital photoelasticity : advanced techniques and applications / 
Anybody's sports medicine book : the complete guide to quick recovery from injuries / 
The coiled spring : how life begins / 
Birds / 
Medical justice : a guide to fair provision / 
Perspectives in amino acid and protein geochemistry / 
The Persian cat / 
Immunological reagents and solutions : a laboratory handbook / 
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of data structures with C++ / 
Statistics for the utterly confused / 
Think like a chef / 
Practical issues in database management : a reference for the thinking practitioner / 
Rabbits / 
Hamsters / 
Dogs / 
Fish / 
Cats / 
Fathers : a celebration / 
Basic essentials. Sit-on-top kayaking / 
Integral logistics management : planning & control of comprehensive business processes / 
Rodeo roping / 
Mountain bike! the Midwest, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois : a guide to the classic trails / 
Boston's Freedom Trail : a souvenir guide / 
Stagecraft 1 : a complete guide to backstage work / 
MC68HC11, an introduction : software and hardware interfacing / 
Fine structure and class forcing / 
Elementary and middle school mathematics : teaching developmentally / 
Microsoft Windows 2000 : professional expert companion / 
Porsche 911 : 
Spirit of place : the art of the traveling photographer / 
Visions of adventure : N.C. Wyeth and the Brandywine artists / 
Aleph isn't tough : an introduction to Hebrew for adults / 
Educational assessment of students / 
Genesis / 
1 and 2 Samuel / 
Jordan : a case study of a pivotal state / 
Islam and democracy : state-society relations in developing countries, 1980-1994 / 
Changes in income inequality within U.S. metropolitan areas / 
Forging democracy from below : insurgent transitions in South Africa and El Salvador / 
Venus & Serena Williams / 
Cynthia Cooper / 
Protecting the polar marine environment : law and policy for pollution prevention / 
The globalisation of charismatic Christianity : spreading the gospel of prosperity / 
Open economy macroeconomics / 
Stated choice methods : analysis and applications / 
Biology and Christian ethics / 
Explore wine tourism : management, development & destinations / 
New horizons in pro-p groups / 
Astronomy in the Iberian Peninsula : Abraham Zacut and the transition from manuscript to print / 
Living well with HIV and AIDS / 
Morning glories : breakfast, brunch, and light fare from an herb garden / 
The essence of Japanese cuisine : an essay on food and culture / 
Primate conservation biology / 
The skeletal system / 
Austin-Healey 100/100-6/3000 restoration guide / 
Designing and developing multimedia : a practical guide for the producer, director, and writer / 
The complete natural gardener : how to create your own garden paradise / 
Nondestructive methods for materials characterization / 
Smart structures : analysis and design / 
Innovations in ART neural networks / 
Ancient building technology / 
Clinical application of neuromuscular technique / 
Rehabilitation for traumatic brain injury : physical therapy practice in context / 
Introduction to research in the health sciences / 
Musculoskeletal aspects of haemophilia / 
Really essential medical immunology / 
Thunder from the East : portrait of a rising Asia / 
Eusebius of Caesarea against paganism / 
Transmitting Jewish traditions : orality, textuality, and cultural diffusion / 
Contrary neighbors : Southern Plains and removed Indians in Indian territory / 
The aesthetic preferences of young children / 
Praying the hours / 
Feeling scared / 
Kwanzaa / 
Hanukkah / 
Chinese New Year / 
The museum in transition : a philosophical perspective / 
The peacemaking power of prayer : equipping Christians to transform the world / 
Minneapolis-Moline tractors / 
Smoke wars : Anaconda Copper, Montana air pollution, and the courts, 1890-1924 / 
Arthur and the perfect brother / 
Keep talking that book! : booktalks to promote reading / 
Selling today : building quality partnerships / 
What we wish we'd known when we were newlyweds / 
Bridge to our tomorrows : a millennial address to the Church of the Nazarene / 
The 500 world's greatest golf holes / 
Teaching secondary English : readings and applications / 
Interprofessional practice with diverse populations : cases in point / 
Social development in Latin America : the politics of reform / 
The Cheyenne / 
The treasures and pleasures of Singapore and Bali : best of the best / 
A year at the Catholic Worker : a spiritual journey among the poor / 
An introduction to Greek mythology : story, symbols, and culture / 
Exploring Christian spirituality : an ecumenical reader / 
Vadose zone science and technology solutions / 
Breadmaker's guide : savory & sweet recipes from around the world / 
Airport planning & management / 
Village and country residences : and how to build them / 
Guide to the HVAC/R certification and competency tests / 
Snowplows / 
The world's fastest military airplanes / 
Dynamic knowledge interaction / 
Vertebrate biology / 
Meet my grandmother. She's a deep-sea explorer / 
Immunotics : a revolutionary way to fight infection, beat chronic illness, and stay well / 
Sensitivity analysis / 
Object oriented software technologies in telecommunications : from theory to practice / 
Brain evolution and cognition / 
Centrifugal pump design / 
Dynamic psychotherapy : an introductory approach / 
Negative symptom and cognitive deficit treatment response in schizophrenia / 
Phrase structure : from GB to minimalism / 
Medieval drama : an anthology / 
Be quoted : from A to Z with Warren W. Wiersbe / 
John Henrik Clarke : master teacher / 
Ovid : Amores, Metamorphoses : selections / 
The Mount Diablo guide / 
The journey home : eleven Italian-American narratives and An utterance of joy / 
The mystified magistrate and other tales / 
MedEMT : a learning system for prehospital care / 
Maddie Retta Lauren, Sandersville, Georgia, C.S.A., 1864 / 
Pocket guide to eczema and contact dermatitis / 
Cardiology pearls / 
Veterinary practice management secrets / 
Small animal surgery secrets / 
A little book of emergency medicine rules / 
Infectious disease / 
Hematopoiesis : a developmental approach / 
Learning disabilities : implications for psychiatric treatment / 
Child of mine : feeding with love and good sense / 
The last letters of Thomas More / 
Knowledge capital and the "new economy" : firm size, performance, and network production / 
The Word on the street : performing the scriptures in the urban context / 
What happens in Holy Communion? / 
The problem of God in modern thought / 
Vowels and consonants : an introduction to the sounds of languages / 
The very persistent gappers of Frip / 
Great old-time advertisements about Florida / 
Library training for staff and customers / 
Half Moon Street / 
Land of a thousand hills : my life in Rwanda / 
Suspicion of malice / 
Once there was a Hoodie / 
Fed Up! : a feast of frazzled foods / 
Song of the circus / 
Prego! : an invitation to Italian / 
Dialogue with the Mediterranean : the role of NATO's Mediterranean initiative / 
Westport, Connecticut : the story of a New England town's rise to prominence / 
Plundering pirates : a where's Waldo? fun fact book / 
How things fit together : fifteen essays / 
The forgotten helper : a Christmas story / 
The Lily theater : a novel of modern China / 
Emblems of mortality : iconographic experiments in Shakespeare's theatre / 
Abigail Adams / 
The art & craft of the short story / 
The day laid on the altar / 
Feasts afloat : 150 recipes for great meals from small places / 
Restoring antique furniture : a complete guide / 
The essential cuisines of Mexico / 
The best of Jacobean appliqué / 
Sport nutrition for health and performance / 
Bluejacket Admiral : the Navy career of Chick Hayward / 
Giant pandas eat all day long / 
Prealgebra / 
Teaching students geriatric research / 
Creating active directory infrastructures / 
Koala country : a story of an Australian eucalyptus forest / 
World above the clouds : a story of a Himalayan Ecosystem / 
Cuisines of the world : Mexico / 
Science meets alternative medicine : what the evidence says about unconventional treatments / 
Dormancy in plants : from whole plant behaviour to cellular control / 
Microchip fabrication : a practical guide to semiconductor processing / 
Paths to the absolute : Mondrian, Malevich, Kandinsky, Pollock, Newman, Rothko, and Still / 
AIA guide to New York City / 
Cormorant harassment to protect juvenile salmonids in Tillamook County, Oregon / 
Imperial wardrobe : 
Lost arts : a celebration of culinary traditions / 
Marketing and selling your film around the world : guide for independent filmmakers / 
First heroes for freedom / 
Eccentric islands  : travels real and imaginary / 
Mae West : an icon in black and white / 
Benjamin Franklin / 
The beet fields : memories of a sixteenth summer / 
Making a difference in the world / 
Readings in the Western humanities / 
Where do balloons go? : an uplifting mystery / 
Space Dog Jack / 
Journey through the night : Jakob Littner's Holocaust memoir / 
Aurignacian lithic economy : ecological perspectives from Southwestern France / 
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of English grammar / 
Dancing class / 
The Cambridge companion to Shakespeare on film / 
Whiteblack the penguin sees the world / 
The water in between : a journey at sea / 
The personal names of the Latin inscriptions in Bulgaria / 
Campaigning with Grant / 
Flannery O'Connor : in celebration of genius / 
Life has become more joyous, comrades : celebrations in the time of Stalin / 
Cretaceous environments of Asia / 
Coastal processes in tideless seas / 
A computational framework for segmentation and grouping / 
The health care training handbook / 
CMOS data converters for communications / 
Seahorse reef : a story of the south Pacific / 
The gardens of Gertrude Jekyll / 
Requiem for a lightning bolt / 
Double shot / 
Self-assessment in clinical laboratory science / 
Teaching with folk stories of the Hmong : an activity book / 
Judaic religion in the Second Temple period : belief and practice from the Exile to Yavneh / 
Japanese economic history, 1930-1960  / 
Judaism / 
New concepts in the immunopathogenesis of CNS infections / 
Genes and resistance to disease  / 
Hypertension : mechanisms and therapy / 
Small animal cardiology secrets / 
Sports injury management / 
Hong Kong in transition : the handover years / 
Terri Murphy's e-listing and e-selling secrets for the technologically "clueless" / 
WCW, world championship wrestling : 
Prometheus wired : the hope for democracy in the age of network technology / 
American folk music and left-wing politics, 1927-1957 / 
The Lukan passion narrative : the Markan material in Luke 22,54-23,25 / 
Herscopes : a guide to astrology for lesbians / 
Father, son, and healing ghosts / 
Barbie : 
When aging parents can't live alone : a practical family guide / 
Early childhood education : yesterday, today, and tomorrow / 
Power and the purse : economic statecraft, interdependence, and national security / 
Heal your past and change your marriage / 
Surgical and endovascular treatment of aortic aneurysms / 
Nursing care of the general pediatric surgical patient / 
Advanced pediatric clinical assessment : skills and procedures / 
Adoption healing : a path to recovery / 
Gifted books, gifted readers : literature activities to excite young minds / 
After the fire / 
Always have at least 3 friends and never eat a fly : the rules of life according to kids / 
Guide for developing and evaluating school library media programs / 
The night before Christmas / 
The strumpet sea / 
Hancock County, Illinois : a pictorial history / 
Variation and change in Spanish / 
The syntax of early English / 
From Antz to Titanic : reinventing film analysis / 
Genders / 
Bloodline / 
Voice lessons : classroom activities to teach diction, detail, imagery, syntax, and tone / 
Selected poetry of Cecilio García-Camarillo / 
Biggie and the poisoned politician / 
The song and the truth / 
Analyzing the grammar of English : a brief undergraduate textbook / 
The Santa Fe Trail : its history, legends, and lore / 
Breathing room : new poems / 
Drug calculations : process and problems for clinical practice / 
Psychoanalysis in childhood and adolescence / 
Drug treatment of migraine and other headaches / 
Imaging in cardiovascular disease / 
Rational choice and security studies : Stephen Walt and his critics / 
Atlas of neuroanatomy : with systems organization and case correlations / 
Haute cuisine : how the French invented the culinary profession / 
Principles of network and system administration / 
The encyclopedia of deafness and hearing disorders / 
The practices of painting in Japan, 1475-1500 / 
Intervention mapping : designing theory-- and evidence-based health promotion programs / 
Mathematics as sign : writing, imagining, counting / 
The wilderness route finder : the classic guide to finding your way in the wild / 
Nondestructive testing of pavements and backcalculation of moduli : Third volume / 
The making of the pacemaker : celebrating a lifesaving invention / 
Scientific laws, principles, and theories : a reference guide / 
Reflective practice : a guide for nurses and midwives / 
Epidemiology : an introduction / 
The essence of technical communication for engineers : writing, presentation, and meeting skills / 
Chemistry in focus : a molecular view of our world / 
Little traditional quilts / 
Death Valley : a day in the  desert / 
Life in army basic training / 
Precalculus : functions and graphs / 
Proofs and fundamentals : a first course in abstract mathematics / 
Videostyle in presidential campaigns : style and content of televised political advertising / 
Persuasion : reception and responsibility / 
Renovada penumbra / 
A story for all Americans : Vietnam, victims, and veterans / 
Religious violence in contemporary Japan : the case of Aum Shinrikyō / 
Iran and beyond : essays in Middle Eastern history in honor of Nikki R. Keddie / 
Sutra of the past vows of Earth Store Bodhisattva / 
'N Sync / 
In Green's jungles / 
Doors of death and life / 
Necroscope. Defilers / 
The gate of fire / 
Army of Israel : Mormon Battalion narratives / 
Anglo-Saxon history : basic readings / 
Players / 
Campaign dynamics : the race for governor / 
Term limits in the state legislatures / 
Grace & power / 
The memory key : unlock the secrets to remembering / 
Murder at the MLA : a novel / 
The multiskilled respiratory therapist : a competency-based approach / 
Europe and the Atlantic relationship : issues of identity, security, and power / 
Beckett and eros : death of humanism / 
Welfare and human nature : the human subject in twentieth-century social politics / 
Alcohol, sex, and gender in late medieval and early modern Europe / 
The romantic paradox : love, violence, and the uses of romance, 1760-1830 / 
The global political economy and post-1989 change : the place of the Central European transition / 
The global crisis makers : an end to progress and liberty? / 
Sisters and rivals in British women's fiction, 1914-39 / 
The economics of deforestation : the example of Ecuador / 
Thomas Hobbes and the political philosophy of glory / 
Joy that lasts / 
A light in the shadows : emerging from the darkness of depression / 
Eardrums of the heart : empowering the disadvantaged : Dr. Bertha Mugrauer and the Caritas way / 
Trauma and addiction : ending the cycle of pain through emotional literacy / 
Sunny days / 
Let's play jacks / 
A day with a mail carrier / 
Life on a submarine / 
Essential fishing for teens / 
Essential boating for teens / 
Living on an island / 
Living on a plain / 
My friend is struggling with-- finding true love / 
My friend is struggling with-- knowing God's will / 
My friend is struggling with--divorce of parents / 
Your single treasure : the good news about singles and sexuality / 
The spiritual life / 
Religion, culture, and tradition in the Caribbean / 
The project sponsor guide / 
The European Union : dilemmas of regional integration / 
Innovative approaches for teaching community organization skills in the classroom / 
Theophilus of Antioch : the life and thought of a second-century bishop / 
Command performance : an actress in the theater of politics / 
Adulterous alliances : home, state, and history in early modern European drama and painting / 
Soundings in G.E. Lessing's philosophy of religion / 
An introduction to theological research : a guide for college and seminary students / 
Henry James : the crooked corridor / 
Gap Creek / 
The unburied / 
Vixen 03 / 
Vinegar Hill : a novel / 
Charles Babbage / 
Woodland animals / 
Cars / 
Wishes, wings, and other things : 
Angel Falls / 
Pass the celery, Ellery! / 
Windows Scripting secrets / 
Unlocking OLAP with Microsoft SQL Server and Excel 2000 / 
Internet Explorer 5 administration kit MCSE study system / 
Yahoo! the ultimate desk reference to the Web : your indispensable companion to the Internet / 
The lost weekend / 
Permissible dose : a history of radiation protection in the twentieth century / 
Stepchildren of nature : Krafft-Ebing, psychiatry, and the making of sexual identity / 
Politics, literature, and national character / 
The pursuit of pleasure / 
Social science quotations : who said what, when, and where / 
The condor passes / 
Hawai'i chronicles III : World War Two in Hawai'i, from the pages of Paradise of the Pacific / 
Everyone a teacher / 
Passionate action : Yeats's mastery of drama / 
No more job interviews! : self-employment strategies for people with disabilities / 
Teacher narrative as critical inquiry : rewriting the script / 
Walking the color line : the art and practice of anti-racist teaching / 
Shitting pretty : how to stay clean and healthy while traveling / 
Storm : a motorcycle journey of love, endurance, and transformation / 
The philosophy of ecology : from science to synthesis / 
Three spiritualist novels / 
Gandhi's body : sex, diet, and the politics of nationalism / 
Sexual ecstasy : the art of orgasm / 
What about spiritual warfare? / 
Hard-boiled : working class readers and pulp magazines / 
Junior worldmark encyclopedia of world holidays / 
The treehouse book / 
Dirty tricks or trump cards : U.S. covert action & counterintelligence / 
Parenting the difficult child / 
The new everyday home repairs : 
Power sewing step-by-step / 
Gelato! : Italian ice creams, sorbetti & granite / 
The church in dialogue : culture and traditions / 
Growing in the church : from birth to death / 
Caveat homo sapiens : the furtive mind / 
Girl, interrupted / 
Chances are / 
H.M.S. Surprise / 
A death in two parts / 
Elizabeth Taylor : the biography / 
Invitation to danger / 
Bannack / 
The real James Herriot : a memoir of my father / 
The finding of the Grail : retold from Old French sources / 
Evangelizing the chosen people : missions to the Jews in America, 1880-2000 / 
The gates of power : monks, courtiers, and warriors in premodern Japan / 
Islam : a thousand years of faith and power / 
Understanding Northwest coast art : a guide to crests, beings, and symbols / 
Can she bake a cherry pie? : American women and the kitchen in the twentieth century / 
Creating the modern man : American magazines and consumer culture, 1900-1950 / 
HIV treatment : mental health aspects of antiviral therapy / 
Rape, incest, battery : women writing out the pain / 
The money men : the real story of fund-raising's influence on political power in America / 
What the heck were you expecting? : a complete guide for the perplexed father / 
Faith made visible : shaping the human spirit in sculpture and word / 
Where the pavement ends : five Native American plays / 
Bahamian memories : island voices of the Twentieth Century / 
Minorities in the Balkans / 
Warrior speed / 
The trailsman : renegade rifles / 
Seeing through places : reflections on geography and identity / 
The whole truth / 
From this day forward / 
The thirteen days of Halloween / 
Reflexotherapy of the feet / 
Maternal nutrition and child health / 
Core texts in conversation  / 
One family : before and during the Holocaust / 
Lakota culture, world economy / 
Grandpa was a cowboy & an Indian and other stories / 
The pedagogical contract : the economies of teaching and learning in the ancient world / 
Legislative entrepreneurship in the U.S. House of Representatives / 
From moon goddesses to virgins : the colonization of Yucatecan Maya sexual desire / 
De Gaulle : statesmanship, grandeur, and modern democracy / 
Marxian political economy : theory, history, and contemporary relevance / 
Douglas McGregor, revisited : managing the human side of the enterprise / 
Learning to reason : an introduction to logic, sets and relations / 
The ability of God / 
A sports fan's guide to Christian athletes and sports trivia / 
The right way to win : how athletes can place God first in their hearts / 
Slovenia : on the edge of the European Union / 
From observables to unobservables in science and philosophy / 
New Mexico's Continental Divide Trail : the official guide / 
Stability issues in fuzzy control / 
Spreading germs : disease theories and medical practice in Britain, 1865-1900 / 
Uneasy lives : understanding anxiety disorders / 
Assessing academic achievement / 
When the AK-47s fall silent : revolutionaries, guerillas, and the dangers of peace / 
An English teacher's guide to performance tasks & rubrics : high school / 
Witness to Christ : a commentary on Acts / 
Angel behind the rocking chair : stories of hope in unexpected places / 
New reproductive technologies, women's health and autonomy : freedom or dependency / 
Female "circumcision" in Africa : culture, controversy, and change / 
Before Scarlett : girlhood writings of Margaret Mitchell / 
Workday prayers : on-the-job meditations for tending your soul / 
Through a glass darkly / 
The Tobermory manuscript : a western story / 
Invasion / 
In my new yellow shirt / 
The outlaws : a western story / 
Stories of the Golden West. Book one : a western trio / 
The outlaw redeemer : a western duo / 
Wayfaring strangers : a frontier story / 
Stonebreaker's Ridge : a western story / 
The masterman : a north-western story / 
Pleasure cruise nurse / 
Demon of the darkness / 
The Eleanor Roosevelt encyclopedia / 
The remaking of an American / 
Exploring and mapping the American West / 
The War of 1812 / 
Don't know much about the Pilgrims / 
Open closed open : poems / 
Lost and found : award-winning authors sharing real-life experiences through fiction / 
Julie and Romeo : a novel / 
Clinical perspectives on elderly sexuality / 
Difference, silence, and textual practice : studies in critical literacy / 
Good vibrations : the new complete guide to vibrators / 
Dakota cross-bearer : the life and world of a Native American bishop / 
In the footsteps of the ancients : the origins of humanism from Lovato to Bruni / 
The information society and the Black community / 
The creativity book : a year's worth of inspiration and guidance / 
Learn to remember : practical techniques and exercises to improve your memory / 
Anthropology : a perspective on the human condition / 
Cultural anthropology : a perspective on the human condition / 
Vintage motor car advertising / 
Multicultural issues in child care / 
Infants, toddlers, and caregivers / 
The classless society / 
Tax controversies : practice and procedure / 
Getting closer to God : keys to spiritual intimacy from the life of Moses / 
Awaken the leader within : how the wisdom of Jesus can unleash your potential / 
Industry and ideology : IG Farben in the Nazi era / 
Babe Didrikson : the greatest all-sport athlete of all time / 
Trail safe : averting threatening human behavior in the outdoors / 
The way into Torah / 
Ocean wisdom : meditations and art for the 21st century / 
101 questions Adventists ask / 
Your religion is too small : breaking out of a small view of faith / 
God said, "I Promise" : a refreshing way to look at the Ten commandments / 
Bring back the glory : what happens when God's people pray--for revival / 
Serenity : a boxing memoir / 
Curbstone brokers : the origins of the American Stock Exchange / 
Reading the Gospel / 
Understanding Dennis Robertson : the man and his work / 
The signs of true conversion / 
Managing Little League baseball / 
Beyond today : words of wisdom for the road ahead / 
Camping Washington / 
The personal efficiency program : how to get organized to do more work in less time / 
Handbook of the sociology of education / 
Metarepresentation : a relevance-theory approach / 
How to track politics on the internet / 
Call him Father Nature : the story of John Muir / 
Hazardous waste handbook for health and safety / 
Progressive censoring : theory, methods, and applications / 
Justification and legitimacy : essays on rights and obligations / 
Diffusion and reactions in fractals and disordered systems / 
Going on : poems / 
Reading history in early modern England / 
Essential haematology / 
The medical job interview : secrets for success / 
Jemima J. : a novel about ugly ducklings and swans / 
An introduction to K-theory for C*-algebras / 
Dachshunds : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, and behavior / 
I sailed to Zion : true stories of young pioneers who crossed the ocean / 
Philosophy and public affairs / 
With wakened hands / 
Painting, psychoanalysis, and spirituality / 
Derivatives in financial markets with stochastic volatility / 
Number / 
The public forum and Christian ethics / 
The drama of John Marston : critical re-visions / 
Poverty and charity in medieval Islam : Mamluk Egypt, 1250-1517 / 
Making social science matter : why social inquiry fails and how it can succeed again / 
An introduction to non-classical logic / 
Ten things I wish I'd known-- before I went out into the real world / 
Pharmacists / 
Mia Hamm / 
Avventura : journeys in Italian cuisine / 
Multiple view geometry in computer vision / 
The dating game : one man's search for the age of the Earth / 
Boats and ships / 
The structure of modern English : a linguistic introduction / 
Sound mutations : the morphophonology of Chaha / 
Complementary therapies for physical therapists / 
Units in skew fields / 
Nonlinear model predictive control / 
State formation in early modern England, c. 1550-1700 / 
Divine aporia : postmodern conversations about the other / 
Animal toxins : facts and protocols / 
Understanding the Middle Ages : the transformation of ideas and attitudes in the Medieval world / 
Mark McGwire / 
Child care workers / 
Ecology of coastal waters : with implications for management / 
Democratic distributive justice / 
Not trauma alone : therapy for child abuse survivors in family and social context / 
Beyond business casual : what to wear to work if you want to get ahead / 
Beautiful America's Washington / 
Brave journeys : profiles in gay and lesbian courage / 
The resurrection machine : poems / 
Traces and determinants of linear operators / 
In search of the mountain of God : the discovery of the real Mt. Sinai / 
Chronic pain : a handbook for nurses / 
The Royal Marsden hospital manual of clinical nursing procedures / 
England under Edward I and Edward II / 
The keys of hell / 
Guiding your child through grief / 
Christian literature : an anthology / 
Normativity / 
Beyond the team / 
God of the possible : a biblical introduction to the open view of God / 
Silly Ruby / 
Education is politics : critical teaching across differences, postsecondary / 
Pay-off pitch / 
The riddled night / 
Falls in older people : risk factors and strategies for prevention / 
Roots of the Iroquois / 
Mad dogs of Trieste : new & selected poems / 
The last Hollywood romance : a novel / 
Insect transgenesis : methods and applications / 
Ruminant physiology : digestion, metabolism, growth, and reproduction / 
Air pollution and the forests of developing and rapidly industrializing regions / 
Toeplitz matrices, asymptotic linear algebra, and functional analysis / 
Artist and identity in twentieth-century America  / 
Snow ecology : an interdisciplinary examination of snow-covered ecosystems / 
Beneath our feet : the rocks of planet Earth / 
Non-classical problems in the theory of elastic stability / 
Julius Caesar : great dictator of Rome / 
The library in Alexandria and the Bible in Greek / 
Creative jazz improvisation / 
Music and the racial imagination / 
A virtuous circle : political communications in postindustrial societies / 
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis / 
All the rage / 
Throw like a girl : discovering the body, mind & spirit of the athlete in you! / 
The political economy of American industrialization, 1877-1900 / 
Echoes of mercy : a novel / 
Shania Twain / 
The orchestra : origins and transformations / 
Telling stories, writing songs : an album of Texas songwriters / 
Musical ekphrasis : composers responding to poetry and painting / 
August Jaeger : portrait of Nimrod : a life in letters and other writings / 
J.S. Bach's great eighteen organ chorales / 
Mad loves : women and music in Offenbach's Les contes d'Hoffmann / 
Revolution, counter-revolution, and union : Ireland in the 1790s / 
Royalty and diplomacy in Europe, 1890-1914 / 
Alaska : adventures in nature / 
The BCG genealogical standards manual / 
The spell : a romance / 
Music and cinema / 
Scott Joplin : the king of ragtime / 
Music Hall of Fame / 
Soil erosion and dryland farming / 
Stravinsky, The rite of spring / 
Medieval concepts of the past : ritual, memory, historiography / 
Hitler's Italian allies : Royal Armed Forces, Fascist regime, and the war of 1940-43 / 
The bride and the beast / 
Who will teach? : a case study of teacher education reform / 
Empire and elites after the Muslim conquest : the transformation of northern Mesopotamia / 
Hardcourt upset / 
Curtain Creek Farm : stories / 
The man who ate the 747 / 
Wind and the earth / 
Wind and people / 
Christian Hauvette : dwellings, monuments, machines : truth, metaphor, narrative / 
The story of Mary / 
Plant life / 
Safety and the security professional : a guide to occupational safety and health strategies / 
Greece / 
Network design : principles and applications / 
Art, industry, and women's education in Philadelphia / 
Dangerous places : health, safety, and archaeology / 
Statistical modelling with quantile functions / 
Modelling nutrient utilization in farm animals / 
Dr. Fred's weather watch : how to create and run your own weather station / 
Dr. Art's guide to planet Earth : for earthlings ages 12 to 120 / 
Low-fat top secret recipes : creating kitchen clones of America's favorite brand-name foods / 
The body in the belfry / 
The carbon cycle / 
Absence and presence : Spanish women poets of the twenties and thirties / 
Human vices and human worth in Dante's Comedy : 
Hemp diseases and pests : management and biological control : an andvanced treatise / 
The story of Miriam & baby Moses / 
Computer engineer / 
Dr. Art Ulene's complete guide to vitamins, minerals, and herbs / 
An online visit to Australia / 
Garter snakes / 
Pythons / 
Geometry success in 20 minutes a day / 
The spatial and temporal dynamics of host-parasitoid interactions / 
Computers Ltd. : what they really can't do / 
Elementary differential equations and boundary value problems / 
The analysis and design of linear circuits / 
Elementary differential equations / 
Handbook of computational geometry / 
Electronic packaging and interconnection handbook / 
Agricultural communications : changes and challenges / 
The brain's sense of movement / 
Producing for the Web / 
Paul, God's message sent apostle post, and other Bible stories to tickle your soul / 
Fuzzy red bathrobe : questions from the heart for mothers & daughters / 
That's what you get! / 
Baby's first year / 
Sexual liberation or sexual license? : the American revolt against Victorianism / 
The Sioux / 
The Algonquin / 
How to speak dog : mastering the art of dog-human communication / 
Symbolic computation for statistical inference / 
Qualitative research methods for the social sciences / 
Exemplary economists : introducing economics of the 20th century / 
For pride, profit, and patriarchy : football and the incorporation of American cultural values / 
Honky / 
Rents, rent-seeking and economic development : theory and evidence in Asia / 
NYPD : a city and its police / 
Clinical assessment of dangerousness : empirical contributions / 
Ultimate X-Men / 
The rich get richer and the poor get prison : ideology, class, and criminal justice / 
Parties, elections, and cleavages : Israel in comparative and theoretical perspective / 
Feeling sad / 
Sunday at the ballpark : Billy Sunday's professional baseball career, 1883-1890 / 
Fundamentals of steam generation chemistry / 
Presidential redwork : a stitch in time / 
Molecular and genetic analysis of human traits / 
AutoCAD LT 2000 : a problem-solving approach / 
The design art of Nicos Zographos / 
Carrara 1 bible / 
Microsoft Management Console Design and Development Kit / 
Nuclease methods and protocols / 
Amino acid analysis protocols / 
The Guild collection : 
Biomedical ethics / 
Life as a paratrooper  / 
Naked awareness : 
DK guide to the weather / 
The testis : from stem cell to sperm function / 
Viral hepatitis : a handbook for clinicians and scientists / 
Magnetoacoustic polarization phenomena in solids / 
Two millennia of mathematics : from Archimedes to Gauss / 
The technician's EMI handbook : clues and solutions / 
BASIC stamp / 
The Hegel-Marx connection / 
Foreign direct investment / 
Intellectual property rights and economic development / 
Working : its meaning and its limits / 
Political instability as a source of growth / 
The Golf magazine putting handbook / 
Pharmacology : drug actions and reactions / 
Deskbook on the management of complex civil litigation / 
The rediscovery of wisdom : from here to antiquity in quest of Sophia / 
Designing and using databases for school improvement / 
Writing a successful college application essay : the key to college admission / 
Best jobs for the 21st century for college graduates / 
Dictionary of instructional programs and careers / 
NAICS desk reference : 
The loving arms of God / 
What's it worth? : a guide to valuing a small business / 
For the people : 1,608 ways to get your share of the little-known bargains the government offers / 
Peterson's game plan for getting into graduate school / 
Religion and the politics of identity in Kosovo / 
Request : stories and activities for learning question forms / 
Urban-suburban interdependencies / 
How the futures markets work / 
Let's talk about feeling lonely / 
Learning how to stay safe at school / 
The diary of David R. Leeper : rushing for gold / 
The brethren / 
Planting & building : raising a Jewish child / 
The way into Jewish prayer / 
MCSE TCP/IP exam cram / 
Outer banks architecture : an anthology of outposts, lodges, and cottages / 
Selected papers on analysis of algorithms / 
Alternative dispute resolution / 
Postgraduate research supervision : transforming (r)elations / 
We can work it out : conflict resolution for children / 
The presidency and the Middle Kingdom : China, the United States, and executive leadership / 
Mediated politics : communication in the future of democracy / 
Black working wives : pioneers of the American family revolution / 
Handbook of youth and justice / 
Building healthy individuals, families, and communities : creating lasting connections / 
A postmodern literacy policy analysis / 
The Big Board : a history of the New York stock market / 
Commercial culture : the media system and the public interest / 
Children with parents in prison : child welfare policy, program & and practice issues / 
International securities law and regulation / 
An identity theory of truth / 
No mercy / 
Listening & speaking success in 20 minutes a day / 
Failure to zigzag : a novel / 
The river king / 
Britt Allcroft's magic adventures of Mumfie / 
Bone marrow failure syndromes / 
Dates in oncology / 
Delmar's fundamental & advanced nursing skills checklists / 
The mental retardation and developmental disability treatment planner / 
Handbook of sleep medicine / 
Pain : what psychiatrists need to know / 
Safe and sound : artificial intelligence in hazardous applications / 
Pinky Pye / 
Nonequilibrium statistical mechanics / 
Fly-fishing for sharks : an American journey / 
Shelf-life evaluation of foods / 
Construction, the third way : managing cooperation and competition in construction / 
Telecommunications pocket reference / 
GIS and geocomputation / 
Changing architectural education : towards a new professionalism / 
Genesis of the big bang / 
Pain : the science of suffering / 
Science & Technology Hall of Fame / 
Art, war and revolution in France, 1870-1871 : myth, reportage and reality / 
Basic essentials. GPS / 
Data structures and algorithms in Java / 
Bridge loads : an international perspective / 
Geochemical remote sensing of the sub-surface / 
Seas and oceans / 
Optical sensors and microsystems : new concepts, materials, technologies / 
DK big book of bugs / 
Day job : a workplace reader for the restless age / 
The ultimate sex test / 
Sexual detours : infidelity and intimacy at the crossroads / 
Bargain buys for baby's first year / 
Lose your gut now! : a man's plan for shedding pounds and getting in shape / 
The Nile, the longest river / 
The Dead Sea : the saltiest sea / 
Phylogenetic analysis of morphological data / 
On call laboratory medicine and pathology / 
Clinical monitoring : practical applications for anesthesia and critical care / 
Principles of orthopaedic medicine and surgery / 
Neck and back pain : the scientific evidence of causes, diagnosis, and treatment / 
Varicella-zoster virus : virology and clinical management / 
The chronic bronchitis and emphysema handbook / 
Clinical trials in neurology / 
Proceedings of the 9th World Congress on Pain / 
Free for all : how Linux and the free software movement undercut the high-tech titans / 
Life so far / 
Having asthma / 
Being deaf / 
Being blind / 
France / 
Shop tips from America's best woodworkers : 
Canon EOS-3 / 
Neuropsychology for health care professionals and attorneys / 
How do bats see in the dark? : questions and answers about night creatures / 
Samuel de Champlain / 
Managing multinationals in the Middle East : accounting and tax issues / 
Museum / 
Soul of the sacred earth / 
The secret / 
Environmental politics : Britain, Europe, and the global environment / 
The James Dean affair : a Neil Gulliver & Stevie Marriner novel / 
The night bus / 
European development cooperation and the poor / 
What did I look like when I was a baby? / 
To wire the world : Perry M. Collins and the North Pacific telegraph expedition / 
Polish first names / 
Puerto Rico facts and symbols / 
Out of the past : adventures in film noir / 
(Out)classed women : contemporary Chicana writers on inequitable gendered power relations / 
Jewels of the sun / 
Sicily, the hallowed land : a memoir / 
How do animals adapt? / 
Grandma Ellen and me / 
Longevity and quality of life : opportunities and challenges / 
Vascular factors in Alzheimer's disease / 
"Saddling la gringa" : gatekeeping in literature by contemporary Latina writers / 
Arabian nights : three tales / 
Ghoul reporter digs up zombies / 
What stories does my son need? : a guide to books and movies that build character in boys / 
Easy prey / 
Scrapbook of a Taos hippie : tribal tales from the heart of a cultural revolution / 
True citizens : violence, memory, and identity in the medieval community of Perpignan, 1162-1397 / 
Theodore Beza and the quest for peace in France, 1572-1598 / 
Toni Morrison / 
Women and the Amistad connection : Sierra Leone Krio society / 
Last night a dj saved my life : the history of the disc jockey / 
My own true name : new and selected poems for young adults, 1984-1999 / 
Health-care careers for the 21st century / 
Holographic data storage / 
Perspectives on African Americans / 
Science and application of nanotubes / 
CNC programming handbook : a comprehensive guide to practical CNC programming / 
Emerging technologies in hazardous waste management 8 / 
Astrophysical turbulence and convection / 
Mighty midgets at war : the saga of the LCS(L) ships from Iwo Jima to Vietnam / 
Effects of changing climate on weather and human activities / 
Ceramic technology and processing / 
MOUS Word 2000 exam prep / 
Sir Walter Raleigh / 
What's cooking. Thai / 
Why do dogs bark? / 
Why do cats meow? / 
The adventures of Don Chipote, or, When parrots breast feed / 
Martha and Skits / 
Wedges / 
Philmont : a brief history of a New Mexico scout ranch / 
Structures of desire : British cinema, 1939-1955 / 
The extremes / 
Two for the summit : my daughter, the mountains, and me / 
The Kingfisher book of fairy tales / 
Fun to learn Spanish / 
Viking world / 
The B₃-adrenoreceptor / 
Human pharmacology / 
Southern exposure : modern Japanese literature from Okinawa / 
Libraries and information services in China / 
The Bradt travel guide. China, Yunnan Province / 
Zen teaching, Zen practice : Philip Kapleau and the Three pillars of Zen / 
Horse of Karbala : Muslim devotional life in India / 
Shinto in history : ways of the kami / 
Islam / 
Historical perspectives on contemporary East Asia / 
Electricity and controls for HVAC/R / 
Rocket rescue / 
Secret at Dolphin Bay / 
Ghostly tales : four stories / 
The Apache / 
The Inuit / 
Kuan-yin : the Chinese transformation of Avalokiteśvara / 
Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 / 
Mous Access 2000 exam prep / 
Kentucky gardener's guide : the what, where, when, how & why of landscape gardening in Kentucky / 
The Declaration of Independence and other great documents of American history, 1775-1864 / 
The Tuskegee Airmen / 
Descartes and the possibility of science / 
Border games : policing the U.S.-Mexico divide / 
The mammy / 
Residential oil burners / 
Toronto / 
Dallas / 
The program : a novel / 
Driving Mr. Albert : a trip across America with Einstein's brain / 
When technology fails : a manual for self-reliance & planetary survival / 
Matilda Bone / 
Living on a mountain / 
Life in the Marines / 
Rectangles / 
Living near a river / 
Squares / 
Great beer guide / 
The origins of major war / 
Great speeches by Native Americans / 
Symbols : their migration and universality / 
Home sanctuary : practical ways to create a spiritually fulfilling environment / 
Kids' rooms : ideas and projects for children's spaces / 
Strawberry tattoo : Sam Jones novel / 
Palm Springs weekend : the architecture and design of a mid-century oasis / 
Quotations for all occasions / 
Computational methods for electromagnetic and optical systems / 
Emulsions, foams, and thin films / 
Handbook of global international policy / 
Handbook of strategic management / 
Generalized linear models : a Bayesian perspective / 
The Celtic book of living and dying : The illustrated guide to Celtic wisdom / 
Davis's drug guide for nurses / 
The blood-brain barrier and drug delivery to the CNS / 
Frontier diplomats : the life and times of Alexander Culbertson and Natoyist-Siksinaʾ / 
Pearl Harbor / 
Joseph Conrad / 
Stress management / 
Katherine Anne Porter / 
Defining moments : when temptation and opportunity merge / 
Premises cabling / 
Mental disorders, medications, and clinical social work / 
I was a fugitive from a Hollywood trivia factory / 
Flax : the super food / 
Resident aliens : a novel / 
Nurse's med deck / 
Nonsense! He yelled / 
Holistic medicine / 
The human body : an overview / 
Jolly Old Santa Claus : the Ideals classic / 
Angel on vacation : a novel / 
The red thread : a love story / 
For Thou art with me : the healing power of Psalms / 
Hurricane hits England : an anthology of writing about Black Britain / 
Words of ages : 
Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis : the disease, pathogenesis, and treatment / 
Tickborne infectious diseases : diagnosis and management / 
Ernie : a photographer's memoir / 
Cool stuff : things to make and do / 
Probabilistic epigenesis and evolution / 
Desert sojourn : a woman's forty days and nights alone / 
NOLS wilderness mountaineering / 
The human tradition in modern France / 
Don't step on the crack! / 
Making sense of word problems / 
The assassination of Yitzhak Rabin / 
Mary Quequesah's love story : a Pend d'Oreille Indian tale / 
Savoring San Francisco recipes from the city's neighborhood restaurants / 
Transnational competence : rethinking the U.S.-Japan educational relationship / 
The spiritual roots of restorative justice / 
The promised land? : feminist writing in the German Democratic Republic / 
Backtracking by foot, canoe, and Subaru along the Lewis and Clark Trail / 
Multimedia systems, standards, and networks / 
The Day paper : the story of one of America's last independent newspapers / 
You are your child's first teacher / 
Disaster in the air / 
Jade and jeopardy : a novel / 
The heart has forever / 
Journey through five cultures : adventures of an international executive / 
Between husband & wife : gospel perspectives on marital intimacy / 
Urban art Chicago : a guide to community murals, mosaics, and sculptures / 
The meaning of liberalism : East and West / 
Salem : from Naumkeag to Witch City / 
Essential riding : a realistic approach to horsemanship / 
Frontier Taiwan : an anthology of modern Chinese poetry / 
Toward a new security architecture in the Americas : the strategic implications of the FTAA / 
Terrorism / 
Shortcuts to God / 
No time for love / 
Small patios : simple projects, contemporary designs / 
A separate place : a family, a cabin in the woods, and a journey of love and spirit / 
Local heroes changing America : indivisible / 
Kangaroos in outback Australia : comparative ecology and behavior of three coexisting species / 
Hazardous materials response and operations / 
How we got to be human : subjective minds with objective bodies / 
The magical I ching / 
The odyssey of political theory : the politics of departure and return / 
The ontology of language : properties, individuals, and discourse / 
Seeing anthropology : cultural anthropology through film / 
The Indian sign / 
School violence / 
Dancehall ladies : executed women of the 20th century / 
Essays in honor of James A. Graaskamp : ten years after / 
Educational psychology : a practitioner-researcher model of teaching / 
Eroïca : the quest for oil in Indonesia (1850-1898) / 
Simple joys / 
A boy's summer : father and son together / 
A gentle beauty within : filling your life with grace & confidence / 
Can the real Jesus still be found? / 
Can archaeology prove the Old Testament? / 
Putting anger in its place / 
The ultimate hunt / 
Together for good / 
Elementary topology and applications / 
Cuba and the politics of passion / 
Priceless weddings for under $5000! / 
Invisible lives : the erasure of transsexual and transgendered people / 
The particulars of Rapture: reflections on exodus / 
Does the Bible predict the future? / 
What really happened Christmas morning? / 
Science : was the Bible ahead of its time? / 
The awakening / 
Crusades : the struggle for the Holy Lands / 
A little princess / 
My world : a first look at the world / 
Dónde está Max? / 
Cinco de Mayo / 
Gatitos! / 
The Berkeley Conference on Dutch Linguistics 1997 : the Dutch language at the millennium / 
Cat on a hyacinth hunt / 
The correspondence of Thomas Becket, Archbishop of Canterbury, 1162-1170 / 
Bitter finish / 
Suspicion / 
The lady's tutor / 
An island archaeology of the early Cyclades / 
Critter Day / 
The edge of Europe / 
The normal heart and The destiny of me : two plays / 
Faggots / 
Vengeance / 
Secret honor / 
Youth in revolutionary Russia : enthusiasts, bohemians, delinquents / 
Leveling books K-6 : matching readers to text / 
Supervising police personnel : the fifteen responsibilities / 
Mary Farrell's beyond the basics : how to invest your money, now that you know a thing or two / 
Neither separate nor equal : Congress in the 1790s / 
Esperanza rising / 
Flora of Siberia / 
They wrote the book : thirteen women mystery writers tell all / 
The rain at midnight : poems / 
England / 
Sweden / 
Non-fiction writing strategies using Science Big Books as models / 
What a Viking! / 
Aesop's fables / 
An enemy of the state : the life of Murray N. Rothbard / 
Poets of contemporary Latin America : history and the inner life / 
The films of Leni Riefenstahl / 
A translation of Þorskfirðinga (Gull Þóris) saga / 
The War of 1812 / 
Judy Moody gets famous ! / 
Quoting Shakespeare : form and culture in early modern drama / 
Vichy's afterlife : history and counterhistory in postwar France / 
Parameters of Slavic aspect : a cognitive approach / 
Heartwall / 
Homeless / 
Cat in a Kiwi Con : a Midnight Louie mystery / 
Shakespeare performed : essays in honor of R.A. Foakes / 
Goddess of the night / 
Meet Beverly Cleary / 
Literature in English : a guide for librarians in the digital age / 
Provinces of night / 
Wonder Woman : the life and times of the Amazon Princess : the complete story / 
Nzingha, warrior queen of Matamba / 
Dark redemption / 
Waiting for Deliverance / 
Cruising for murder / 
The empty chair / 
The mineral palace / 
The beat generation and the popular novel in the United States, 1945-1970 / 
Billy Wilder, American film realist / 
PopLit, PopCult, and the X-files : critical exploration / 
The Once in a Blue Moon Boot Bus / 
Prince William / 
Jennifer Love Hewitt / 
Edwina victorious / 
American history in a box : step into the past  / 
Paper trail / 
A pocketful of poems / 
Bad dog / 
Angel Peak : western stories / 
The marriage menders / 
Of course you know that chocolate is a vegetable, and other stories / 
Counsel for the defense and other stories / 
What it felt like : living in the American century / 
The Geraldi trail : a western story / 
Ride south to purgatory : a western story / 
Lincoln's ransom : a western story / 
The impeachment of Andrew Johnson / 
Endangered pleasures : in defense of naps, bacon, martinis, profanity, and other indulgences / 
Imperial lives and letters of the eleventh century / 
A dog's guide to life : the Bala diaries / 
What night forgets / 
Who walk in darkness / 
In the talking hours : poems / 
It's better to be over the hill than under it : thoughts on life over sixty / 
A probable state : the novel, the contract, and the Jews / 
I will not eat stone : a women's history of colonial Asante / 
An Aztec herbal : the classic codex of 1552 / 
The princess / 
The lighthouse, the cat, and the sea : a tropical tale / 
Raising Cain-- and his sisters / 
Roses for regret / 
Homeward the seeking heart / 
Shadow of fear / 
Saluso's game : a Ben Sylvester mystery / 
If Mr. Clean calls, tell him I'm not in : a look at family life by Bob Hope's comedy writer / 
Don't wake me 'til after lunch! / 
In the forbidden city : an anthology of erotic fiction by Italian women / 
Diary of one who vanished : a song cycle / 
The magnificent activist : the writings of Thomas Wentworth Higginson (1823-1911) / 
Daniel Boone Homestead : Pennsylvania trail of history guide / 
Rational numbers : poems / 
The princess of Dhagabad / 
Electro-optical imaging system performance / 
Bologna mia : memories from the kitchen of Italy / 
Lead pipe rehabilitation and replacement techniques / 
HP certified : HP-UX system administration / 
Bear attacks / 
Elephants / 
Chimpanzees / 
Rocks and minerals / 
College writing skills with readings / 
The theater experience / 
Tough beginnings : how baby animals survive / 
A fawn in the grass / 
Vaqueros : America's first cowmen / 
The Nation's Library : the Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. / 
Novels and stories, 1920-1922 / 
Stonehenge, 2000 B.C. : a novel / 
The essential Rilke / 
Dreams and inward journeys : a rhetoric and reader for writers / 
Bleeding out : a mystery / 
Night moves : pop music in the late '70s / 
Fathering words : the making of an African American writer / 
The archaeology of difference : negotiating cross-cultural engagements in Oceania / 
Kill me tender : a murder mystery featuring the singing sleuth Elvis Presley / 
Speak / 
The magic barrel / 
The First World War / 
Agatha Raisin and the fairies of Fryfam / 
Jodie Foster / 
American boy / 
Undue influence : a novel / 
Annie Pitts, burger kid / 
The rocking horse angel / 
Silver wolf, black falcon / 
Shadow people / 
The mayor of Casterbridge, Thomas Hardy / 
Surviving Brick Johnson / 
Fundamental reference sources / 
The Revolutionary War / 
No more dead dogs / 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. / 
Jamestown : hands-on projects about one of America's first communities / 
The cat and the Jill of diamonds / 
The river path / 
Rufus at the door & other stories / 
Sources for the history of landed estates in Ireland / 
Charles S. Peirce's philosophy of signs : essays in comparative semiotics / 
Doc : memories from a life in public service / 
The eye of the stone / 
Florida manatee / 
Mountain gorilla / 
The economics of nature and the nature of economics / 
Testimonio : a documentary history of the Mexican American struggle for civil rights / 
To dinner, for dinner / 
A little book of manners for boys / 
God's wisdom for little girls / 
The great trail ride / 
The fall of the Berlin Wall : the Cold War ends / 
The mystery of the wild ponies / 
In pursuit of excellence : how to win in sport and life through mental training / 
20,000 leagues under the sea / 
Hewlett-Packard official recordable CD handbook / 
Change your DNA, change your life! : self-empowerment healings / 
South Africa : a modern history / 
The monk in the garden : the lost and found genius of Gregor Mendel, the father of genetics / 
Windows 2000 server bible / 
Bewildered for three days : as to why Daniel Boone never wore his coonskin cap / 
Essays from contemporary culture / 
Hiroshima : the shadow of the bomb / 
Ecstasy / 
Gold dust / 
The austere academy / 
Wild justice / 
Marie Curie / 
James Watt / 
Michael Faraday / 
Alexander Graham Bell / 
Pearl Harbor : the U.S. enters World War II / 
The end of apartheid : a new South Africa / 
Fundamentals of microbiology / 
Gathering blue / 
Butterflies / 
Discovering careers for your future : 
Lions / 
My sheep / 
Blue in my world / 
Green in my world / 
White in my world / 
From seed to pumpkin / 
From seed to dandelion / 
Apache helicopter : the AH-64 / 
Tsunamis / 
I like bagels / 
I like cheese / 
I like corn / 
I like ice cream / 
The Tomahawk cruise missile / 
From tadpole to frog / 
Life in the Army Special Forces / 
From egg to robin / 
From caterpillar to moth / 
Flying gunship : the AC-130 Spectre / 
Orange in my world / 
Yellow in my world / 
A day with paramedics / 
My goats / 
My chickens / 
My cows / 
Stealth jet fighter : the F-117A / 
A day with a doctor / 
Whales / 
Pit's letter / 
Principles of botany / 
Connections in environmental science : a case study approach / 
Plant microtubules : potential for biotechnology / 
Equivariant cohomology and localization of path integrals / 
Clues to acting Shakespeare / 
Redeeming art : critical reveries / 
Mastering the basics of photography / 
Lingerie : a celebration of silks, satins, laces, linens, and other bare essentials / 
Swing / 
Picture this : how pictures work / 
AutoCAD for architectural drawing using AutoCAD 2000 / 
Difficult patients  / 
Meta-analysis in medicine and health policy / 
Medical cytogenetics / 
Chemically induced birth defects / 
The Epistle of Salim ibn Dhakwān / 
How the fisherman tricked the genie : a tale within a tale within a tale / 
Death of a revolutionary : Che Guevara's last mission / 
The arrival of the future / 
The medieval world / 
Tangled web / 
The Jekyl Island Club : a novel / 
Shakespeare's reading / 
Shakespeare and the drama of his time / 
Shakespeare and masculinity / 
Churchill wanted dead or alive / 
Give me your answer, do! / 
African-American writers : a dictionary / 
The great race : based on The railway series / 
Settings of silver : an introduction to Judaism / 
The goddess in India : the five faces of the eternal feminine / 
Kabbalah decoder : revealing the messages of the Ancient Mystics / 
Israel's first fifty years / 
Ishi : the last of his people / 
Egypt / 
A Frank Waters reader : a Southwestern life in writing / 
The great bicycle race mystery / 
Hand eczema / 
Hannah Arendt on the Holocaust : a study of  the suppression of truth / 
A Bernard Shaw chronology / 
Insead : from intuition to institution / 
Elections and democratization in Ukraine / 
Anti-environmentalism and citizen opposition to the Ozark man and the biosphere reserve / 
Asian corporate recovery : findings from firm-level surveys in five countries / 
Some kids wear leg braces / 
Tuolumne Meadows : including the surrounding uplands / 
Speed bumps : a student-friendly guide to qualitative research / 
The Oneida creation story / 
The Nobel laureates : how the world's greatest economic minds shaped modern thought / 
A brief tour of higher consciousness : a cosmic book on the mechanics of creation / 
Veterinary dentistry for the small animal technician / 
The Chopra Center herbal handbook : natural prescriptions for perfect health / 
Machu Picchu : a civil engineering marvel / 
Beating the heat : why and how we must combat global warming / 
The dialectic of decadence : between advance and decline in art / 
The business of being an artist / 
VPN applications guide : real solutions for enterprise networks / 
Ginseng and aspirin : health care alternatives for aging Chinese in New York / 
6,000 years of housing / 
Environmental science : a global concern / 
Confederate symbols in the contemporary South / 
The Xilixana Yanomami of the Amazon : 
Built on trust : gaining competitive advantage in any organization / 
Resolving conflicts : interactive discovery book : devotional and journal / 
Finding true love : interactive discovery book : devotional and journal / 
My friend is struggling with-- death of a loved one / 
My friend is struggling with-- conflicts with others / 
The paradoxes of legal science / 
Microsimulation modelling for policy analysis : challenges and innovations / 
The republic / 
Firms, networks, and business values : the British and American cotton industries since 1750 / 
Econometric modelling : techniques and applications / 
Economic change and the national question in twentieth-century Europe  / 
Legal and ethical aspects of organ transplantation / 
Jeff Gordon / 
The German historical school : the historical and ethical approach to economics / 
Keep it simple, stupid : you're smarter than you look / 
The economics and language : five essays / 
Psychology : themes and variations / 
An introduction to studying popular culture / 
Images of the past / 
Powerlifting / 
Community psychology : linking individuals and communities / 
Ship of the damned / 
One drop of blood : the American misadventure of race / 
African literature and its times / 
This way to heaven / 
The earth is my mother / 
Exploration of the valley of the Amazon / 
Spotlight / 
Silent children / 
Doing history : investigating with children in elementary and middle schools / 
Readings on Candide / 
Franklin D. Roosevelt / 
My steadfast heart / 
Beneath a blood red moon / 
Tomie dePaola's rhyme time / 
The clausal structure of Spanish : a comparative study / 
Lovers are special : a tribute to those who warm our hearts and fulfill our dreams / 
Critical essays on Don DeLillo / 
Bel and Bub and the bad snowball / 
Bel and Bub and the big brown box / 
Lactose free : more than 100 delicious recipes your family will love / 
Gluten-free : more than 100 delicious recipes your family will love / 
Pillar of the sky / 
The U.S. Geological Survey National Research Program in the hydrologic sciences / 
The big messy art book : but easy to clean up / 
A fool for a client / 
Thinkback : a user's guide to minding the mind / 
Adopting on your own : the complete guide to adopting as a single parent / 
The soul of adoption / 
The Oklahoma state constitution : a reference guide / 
Historical encyclopedia of U.S. independent counsel investigations / 
O. Whillikers in the Hall of Champions / 
Contract--freedom and restraint / 
Constitutional protection of private property and freedom of contract / 
Advances in entrepreneurship / 
Money, coordination, and prices / 
Social work at the millennium : critical reflections on the future of the profession / 
How the cat swallowed thunder / 
Perspectives on modern America : making sense of the twentieth century / 
Deep sound channel / 
Coosa : the rise and fall of a Southeastern Mississippian chiefdom / 
Forget me not / 
The Texas pistol / 
The alphabet game / 
Cinderella / 
The veracity of disguise in selected works of José Donoso : illusory deception / 
Integration in the library organization / 
The diagnosis / 
Freedom's children : the journey from emancipation into the twentieth century / 
American magic and dread : Don DeLillo's dialogue with culture / 
Retrospect of western travel / 
Welcome to my planet : where English is sometimes spoken / 
Bob the bouncy kitten / 
Ghosts of the Titanic / 
Morphological analysis in comparison / 
Valerius Flaccus, Argonautica, Book VI : a commentary / 
The Kingfisher science encyclopedia / 
The respiratory system / 
The nervous system / 
Who am I? / 
Cooperative management of enterprise networks / 
Cloning and the future of human embryo research / 
The essential guide to making handmade books / 
Dorothy Elizabeth : building a traditional wooden schooner / 
Responding to chaos : tradition, technology, society, and order in Japanese design / 
Supercritical fluid methods and protocols / 
A multidisciplinary approach to health care ethics / 
Coupled processes in subsurface deformation, flow, and transport / 
Modern art : a novel / 
La diosa de las Américas : escritos sobre la Virgen de Guadalupe / 
The day the leader was killed / 
Crossing color : transcultural space and place in Rita Dove's poetry, fiction, and drama / 
Long odds : stories / 
Republican internment and the prison ship Argenta 1922 / 
The ancestral pyramid / 
Utah byways : backcountry drives for the whole family / 
The two brothers / 
Find the wild animal / 
Find the polar animal / 
Find the insect / 
Find the bird / 
Windy days / 
A day with a librarian / 
Up and down / 
Death of the party : a Faith Cassidy mystery / 
Spanish colonial silver coins in the Florida Collection / 
Historiographia linguistica, 1973-1998 : indexes to volumes I-XXV / 
Killer's wedge / 
Mabel ran away with the toys / 
Shoo fly! / 
Firefly night / 
Bred to kill / 
Wire in the wind / 
The guns of summer / 
Daisy and the doll / 
Georgia / 
Home waters : fishing with an old friend / 
Harlow & Harrar's textbook of dendrology / 
Anatomy & physiology : the unity of form and function / 
Physical geology / 
Vitalism : the history of herbalism, homeopathy, and flower essences / 
Computational modeling of genetic and biochemical networks / 
Lasers in dermatology / 
Food allergies : the complete guide to understanding and relieving your food allergies / 
Your feet don't have to hurt : a woman's guide to lifelong foot care / 
The oldest ranch in Texas : Rancho de la Purísima Concepción : a ranch on the road to history / 
Apparel product development / 
The American Internet advantage : global themes and implications of the modern world / 
Linux shells by example / 
From strength to strength : an autobiography / 
If we had wings : the enduring dream of flight / 
Theory of computing : a gentle introduction / 
Structured C for engineering and technology / 
Wings over Istanbul : the life and flights of a pioneer aviator / 
I like oranges / 
Living in the desert / 
A day with firefighters / 
Rainy days / 
Circles / 
My pigs / 
Find the fish / 
From acorn to oak tree / 
Red in my world / 
American psychiatry after World War II : (1944-1994) / 
Preschooler play & learn / 
Managing to be wealthy : putting your financial plan and planner to work for you / 
Leading for a change : how to master the 5 challenges faced by every leader / 
The edges of the field : lessons on the obligations of ownership / 
Countertransference and the treatment of trauma / 
What teachers need to know about children at risk / 
European foreign policy / 
Fighting spirit of East Timor : the life of Martinho da Costa Lopes / 
New-product diffusion models / 
Capital, accumulation, and money : an integration of capital, growth, and monetary theory / 
Still groovin' : affirmations for women in the second half of life / 
War in the media age / 
Historical dictionary of law enforcement / 
The people's bread : a history of the Anti-Corn Law League / 
Your modeling career : you don't have to be a supermodel to succeed / 
Zen : images, texts, and teachings / 
Leonard Lee Rue III's way of the whitetail / 
Art in Rome in the eighteenth century / 
McGraw-Hill's hazardous chemical safety guide for the plastics industry / 
An acting method using the psychophysical experience of workshop games-exercises / 
Testing and performance of geosynthetics in subsurface drainage / 
Therapeutic mastery : becoming a more creative and effective psychotherapist / 
Inside Peyton Place : the life of Grace Metalious / 
Quick reference dictionary for physical therapy / 
German boy : a refugee's story / 
Beaches, blood, and ballots : a Black doctor's civil rights struggle / 
Three lives for Mississippi / 
Focke Wulf 190 : defending the Reich, 1943-1945 / 
Faulkner, Mississippi / 
Europe in the high Middle Ages, 1150-1300 / 
Disaster at D-Day : the Germans defeat the Allies, June 1944 / 
Virginia / 
Texas / 
Horace and the gift economy of patronage / 
The northern wars : war, state, and society in northeastern Europe, 1558-1721 / 
Through a boy's eyes : the turbulent years, 1926-1945 / 
Texas heroes : a dynasty of courage / 
Tough acts to follow : seventy-five monologs for teens / 
George Eliot and Victorian historiography : imagining the national past / 
Science & its limits : the natural sciences in Christian perspective / 
American broadcast regulation and the First Amendment : another look / 
The Mildenhall treasure / 
Health education : creating strategies for school and community health / 
Illinois / 
California / 
The Civil War archive : the history of the Civil War in documents / 
My father's war : stories of Midwestern men / 
The poetry of Hugo von Hofmannsthal and French symbolism / 
Deep diving adventures / 
Animal caretaker / 
Introduction to infinite dimensional stochastic analysis / 
Autonomy and clinical medicine : renewing the health professional relation with the patient / 
Numbers, information, and complexity / 
The universe : visions and perspectives / 
Professor Hein J.J. Wellens : 33 years of cardiology and arrhythmology / 
The environmental challenges of nuclear disarmament / 
Topological defects and the non-equilibrium dynamics of symmetry breaking phase transitions / 
Indian trader : the life and times of J.L. Hubbell / 
Patty saves the day! : a tale in which Patty discovers her true gift / 
Zhou Zuoren and an alternative Chinese response to modernity / 
It's raining pigs & noodles : poems / 
Kentucky facts and symbols / 
Interpretations of American history : patterns and perspectives / 
Local area networks / 
Love's labors tossed : Trust and the final fling / 
Fortune's stroke / 
British cinema in documents / 
Zora Neale Hurston's Their eyes were watching God : a casebook / 
Crispin, the pig who had it all / 
Ancient Romans / 
Europe in the central Middle Ages, 962-1154 / 
Conversations with Ellen Douglas / 
Legal office procedures / 
Everyday morality : an introduction to applied ethics / 
GroupBuilders : 
Cooperative capitalism : self-regulation, trade associations, and the antimonopoly law in Japan / 
On the erudition of the historical St. Patrick / 
Street wise : a guide for teen investors / 
Winning the mental game on Wall Street : the psychology and philosophy of successful investing / 
The public economics of the environment / 
You wouldn't want to be a Roman gladiator : gory things you'd rather not know! / 
Standoff at Standing Rock : the story of Sitting Bull and James McLaughlin / 
Finding peace : letting go and liking it / 
Finding time : breathing space for women who do too much / 
Cowgirl spirit : strong women, solid friendships, and stories from the frontier / 
Eat, drink, and remarry : what women really think about divorce / 
The truth about lying : how to spot a lie and protect yourself from deception / 
The clarity factor : the four secrets to being clearly understood / 
The bully at work : what you can do to stop the hurt and reclaim your dignity on the job / 
Evaluating development aid : issues, problems and solutions / 
Coping with liberalisation : the industry's response to new competition / 
Multiple and generalized nonparametric regression / 
Institutions, incentives, and economic reforms in India / 
The Catholic youth Bible : 
Comets and meteors / 
Giant planets / 
Marie Curie / 
Alexander Graham Bell / 
Thomas Edison / 
Spiders, centipedes and millipedes / 
Earth and moon / 
The sun / 
Peter : apostle for the whole church / 
Deep memory, exuberant hope : contested truth in a post-Christian world / 
Reinterpreting Revelation and tradition : Jews and Christians in conversation / 
Voodoo moon / 
Poison apples / 
Muskrat courage / 
Butterscotch blues / 
The perfect Elizabeth : a tale of two sisters / 
An unfortunate woman : a journey / 
A writer's workbook : daily exercises for the writing life / 
The hammerhead shark / 
Heroin and your veins : the incredibly disgusting story / 
What people wore in early America / 
The start of the American Revolutionary War : Paul Revere rides at midnight / 
Pluto / 
Uranus / 
Vultures / 
Let's talk about feeling worried / 
Earth / 
The end of the American Revolutionary War : the colonists defeat the British at Yorktown / 
Rookies rated : baseball's finest freshman seasons / 
Just give me Jesus / 
The essential figure skater / 
Crime, justice, and discretion in England, 1740-1820 / 
International copyright : principles, law, and practice / 
Children of addiction : research, health, and public policy issues / 
Misteaks [sic] and how to find them before the teacher does / 
Major in success : make college easier, fire up your dreams, and get a very cool job / 
Ten talks parents must have with their children about violence / 
The Hillary trap : women looking for power in all the wrong places / 
Social democracy and the challenge of European Union / 
Palestine's children : Returning to Haifa and other stories / 
Puerto Rican government and politics : a comprehensive bibliography / 
Deadbeats : what responsible parents need to know about collecting child support / 
The complete scholarship book / 
Living justice : Catholic social teaching in action / 
Historical dictionary of refugee and disaster relief organizations / 
American Indians in the U.S. Armed Forces, 1866-1945 / 
Law and philosophy : an introduction with readings / 
Super Bowl heroes / 
Troy Aikman : championship quarterback / 
NFL's greatest upsets / 
Blind ambitions / 
My mother's daughter : a novel / 
Separate lives / 
Frederick the Great : a life in deed and letters / 
In old New York : a classic history of New York City / 
World poets / 
Teewinot : a year in the Teton Range / 
Fattitudes : beat self-defeat and win your war with weight / 
Fundamental concepts and skills for nursing / 
Atlas of laparoscopic retroperitoneal surgery / 
Graves' disease : pathogenesis and treatment / 
The hypertrophied heart / 
The wrinkle cure : unlock the power of cosmeceuticals for supple, youthful skin / 
Seniors guide to pain-free living / 
Empirical models and policy-making : interaction and institutions / 
The essential wilderness navigator / 
The complete climber's handbook / 
The last prairie : a Sandhills journal / 
Climbing / 
God exists : new light on science and creation / 
Intermediate accounting / 
On the edge : political cults right and left / 
Phenomenology of Chicana experience and identity : communication and transformation in Praxis / 
Thinking from the underside of history : Enrique Dussel's Philosophy of liberation / 
The Russian diaspora, 1917-1941 / 
History of telecommunications technology : an annotated bibliography / 
Salsas / 
Everything you need to know about anemia / 
Liberty worth the name : Locke on free agency / 
Powerful products : strategic management of successful new product development / 
The daughter's return : African-American and Caribbean women's fictions of history / 
Revolutionary Europe, 1780-1850 / 
Elegy on the death of César Chávez / 
Archaic syntax in Indo-European ; the spread of transitivity in Latin and French / 
The Rickety Barn show / 
I imagine angels : poems and prayers for parents and children / 
Freddy and Mr. Camphor / 
Freddy and the dragon / 
The wit & wisdom of Freddy and his friends / 
Writing nonfiction : turning thoughts into books / 
Daily life in the United States, 1940-1959 : shifting worlds / 
Tasting the dust : poems / 
The seduction of place : the city in the twenty-first century / 
The man nobody knows : a discovery of the real Jesus / 
Heart to heart stories of love / 
Towards new ways of terminology description : the sociocognitive-approach / 
The Third Republic in France, 1870-1940 : conflicts and continuities / 
Handbook of psychiatric measures / 
Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders : 
Psychotherapy for personality disorders / 
Ethnicity and psychopharmacology / 
Surgery of the knee / 
Professional nursing : concepts & challenges / 
The Montana state constitution : a reference guide / 
I know just what you mean : the power of friendship in women's lives / 
Into the future : turning today's church trends into tomorrow's opportunities / 
Training for organizational transformation / 
Marriage in America : a communitarian perspective / 
Choosing our choices : debating the presidential nominating process / 
Name games / 
Swamp gas / 
Investment appraisal : a managerial approach / 
California Babylon : a guide to sites of scandal, mayhem, and celluloid in the Golden State / 
The U.S. flea market directory : the complete guide to America's best flea markets / 
Marketing high technology services / 
Multicultural counseling and human development theories : 25 theoretical perspectives / 
Regulating religion : the courts and the free exercise clause / 
Human services worker / 
Angles of reflection : logic and a  mother's love / 
Landscapes : developing style in creative photography / 
Portraits and figures : developing style in creative photography / 
Every day God : heart to heart with the Divine / 
Family trusts : financial errors in trusts, how to avoid and correct them / 
Community associations : the emergence and acceptance of a quiet innovation in housing / 
The politics of the new centre / 
The individualized society / 
Frege : an introduction to the founder of modern analytic philosophy / 
Slavery / 
A companion to the city / 
Popular culture : production and consumption / 
The marriage plan : how to marry your soul mate in one year or less / 
The psychological technique of Martin Luther Thomas' radio addresses / 
Georges Bataille : a critical introduction / 
How capitalism underdeveloped Black America : problems in race, political economy, and society / 
I still do : stories of lifelong love and marriage / 
Solutions to social problems : lessons from other societies / 
The fall of interpretation : philosophical foundations for a creational hermeneutic / 
Diverse worship : African-American, Caribbean & Hispanic perspectives / 
Orthotics and prosthetics in rehabilitation / 
Letters from the clinic : letter writing in clinical practice for mental health professionals / 
Critical dictionary of film and television theory / 
Mothering the self : mothers, daughters, subjects / 
Art : an A-Z guide / 
Key concepts in politics / 
English legal system / 
Knowledge management and virtual organizations / 
Uganda : post-conflict reconstruction : country case evaluation / 
Shake & bake messages for youth ministry / 
Exploration of the Etowah site in Georgia : the Etowah papers / 
Evaluation and poverty reduction : proceedings from a World Bank conference / 
Boys, girls, and achievement : addressing the classroom issues / 
The long-term day trader : short-term strategies to boost your long-term profits / 
Balancing local control and state responsibility for K-12 education / 
Motivating and inspiring teachers : the educational leader's guide for building staff morale / 
The official Scrabble brand word-finder / 
Parent-tested ways to grow your child's confidence / 
Integrating human rights into development cooperation : the case of the Lomé Convention / 
Masculinities, sexualities, and child sexual abuse / 
Action, ability, and health : essays in the philosophy of action and welfare / 
Cooperation : a philosophical study / 
Directors' duties : a new millennium, a new approach? / 
Sports for life : 
Venus & Serena Williams : sisters in arms / 
The Baltimore Orioles : four decades of magic from 33rd Street to Camden Yards / 
Great houses of England & Wales / 
Learning community : finding common ground in difference / 
Medical disorders during pregnancy / 
Molecular pathology protocols / 
Infectious disease in the aging : a clinical handbook / 
Principles of molecular rheumatology / 
Shake the maracas! / 
Beat the drum! / 
Ring the bells! / 
Tap the tambourine! / 
Dis here : a bio-discography  of Julian "Cannonball" Adderley / 
Virtue or virtuosity? : explorations in the ethics of musical performance / 
Far planets / 
A clearing in a forest / 
Ladybugs and beetles / 
Butterflies and moths / 
Slugs and snails / 
New England / 
The Pacific Northwest / 
Quilts for girls and boys : 10 projects / 
MCSE training kit. Microsoft Windows 2000 network infrastructure administration / 
Microsoft encyclopedia of networking / 
Molecular methods in ecology / 
Accidental injury : biomechanics and prevention / 
From medical school to residency : how to compete successfully in the residency match program  / 
The next generation : Jewish children and adolescents / 
Statistical science in the courtroom / 
Earth's fiery fury / 
Micellar liquid chromatography / 
Biopharmaceutical process validation / 
Entropy and information optics / 
Safe handling of foods / 
Biomaterials and bioengineering handbook / 
Service robots / 
Making hole / 
Kaplan AP biology / 
Water works engineering : planning, design, and operation / 
Spon's European construction costs handbook / 
How to have more than enough : a step-by-step guide to creating abundance / 
The CHILDES project : tools for analyzing talk / 
Pleasures evermore : the life-changing power of enjoying God / 
No-stress guide to the New York State 8th grade tests / 
IT organization : building a worldclass infrastructure / 
Encyclopedia of modern separatist movements / 
Mizora : a prophecy / 
Reading Athena's dance card : men against fire in Vietnam / 
Turkey today : a nation divided over Islam's revival / 
The Columbia guide to the Holocaust / 
Ancient Egyptians / 
The new Buddhism : the western transformation of an ancient tradition / 
Ivan Pavlov : exploring the animal machine / 
Analytical lexicon of the Greek New Testament / 
Principles and practice of American politics : classic and contemporary readings / 
Cognitive-behavioral strategies in crisis intervention / 
Start small, finish big : fifteen key lessons to start--and run--your own successful business / 
Counting coup : a true story of basketball and honor on the Little Big Horn / 
Building models for marketing decisions / 
City literacies : learning to read across generations and cultures / 
Catholics in America / 
Rights of the accused / 
Threats and promises : the pursuit of international influence / 
Writing history, writing trauma / 
Construction safety and health management / 
Ballooning adventures / 
The Hill : an illustrated biography of Syracuse University, 1870-present / 
Official insignia of Native American tribes : report pursuant to P.L. 105-330 / 
Celiac disease : methods and protocols / 
Healing with aromatherapy / 
The severe and persistent mental illness treatment planner / 
Skeletal function and form : mechanobiology of skeletal development, aging, and regeneration / 
Fundamental skills and concepts in patient care / 
General surgery / 
Surgical specialties / 
Electrodiagnosis in diseases of nerve and muscle : principles and practice / 
Other-esteem : meaningful life in a multicultural society / 
Records of the Irish Catholic church / 
Church of Ireland records / 
Hidden value : how great companies achieve extraordinary results with ordinary people / 
Digital capital : harnessing the power of business webs / 
Web marketing : for the real estate professional / 
Memory for action : a distinct form of episodic memory? / 
Feeling happy / 
Feeling angry / 
On liberal revolution / 
Interpersonal rejection / 
The logic of the cultural sciences : five studies / 
Listening for coyote : a walk across Oregon's wilderness / 
Gemini / 
Bird alert / 
HVAC : equations, data, and rules of thumb / 
Living with snakes / 
Secret lives of snakes / 
Wild world of snakes / 
Snakes on the hunt / 
Snakes with venom / 
Snakes that squeeze and snatch / 
Dinosaurs / 
Data structures and algorithms in C++ / 
Neptune / 
Hedgehogs / 
Ferrets : everything about housing, care, nutrition, diseases, breeding, and health care / 
Ordeal by fire : the Civil War and Reconstruction / 
Double indemnity / 
Around the world with Mark Twain / 
Wyoming / 
Silly little goose! / 
The South in perspective : an anthology of Southern literature / 
A pig is moving in! / 
Kill me / 
Historical dictionary of Cuba / 
Me talk pretty one day / 
New perspectives on the Irish diaspora / 
Lilith's brood / 
My life as a beat-up basketball backboard / 
Oedipus the King / 
Women and men : cultural constructs of gender / 
The eternal pity : reflections on dying / 
Intercultural services : a worldwide buyer's guide and sourcebook / 
Knock your socks off service recovery / 
A strategic flip-flop in the Caribbean : lift the embargo on Cuba / 
Word and image : an introduction to early medieval art / 
Palm reading for beginners : find your future in the palm of your hand / 
Rodeo steer wrestling / 
Technical mathematics / 
Environmental microbe-metal interactions / 
Persistent bacterial infections / 
A chronology of microbiology in historical context / 
Encyclopedia of furniture materials, trades, and techniques / 
The modern Scot : modernism and nationalism in Scottish art, 1928-1955 / 
What's cooking. Fish & seafood / 
Along Wyoming's Continental Divide Trail / 
Interior planting : a guide to plantscapes in work and leisure places / 
Endurance sports nutrition / 
Design dimensioning and tolerancing / 
The best in contemporary beadwork : Bead International 2000 / 
Cooking the dutch oven way / 
Pocket guide to preventing process plant materials mix-ups / 
Interpreting China's grand strategy : past, present, and future / 
Is the fetus a person? : a comparison of policies across the fifty states / 
Incongruities : who we are and how we pray / 
Guide for lay preachers / 
A history of European housing in Australia / 
Charles Darwin / 
The European Union : from Jean Monnet to the Euro / 
Making the E-Business transformation / 
Higher learning : reading and writing about college / 
Old dead white men's philosophy / 
Journeys to selfhood : Hegel & Kierkegaard / 
The best bachelorette party book / 
The principalship : a reflective practice perspective / 
Deviant behavior / 
Intimate relationships : issues, theories, and research / 
True nature : a theory of sexual attraction / 
The muse of history and the science of culture / 
History and philosophy of constructive type theory / 
Professional ethics and insignia / 
Sports Hall of Fame / 
The glamour of grammar : orality and politics and the emergence of Sean O'Casey / 
Many peoples, one land : a guide to new multicultural literature for children and young adults / 
Encyclopedia of American literature of the sea and Great Lakes / 
A reader's companion to the short story in English / 
The divine and human comedy of Andrew M. Greeley / 
Anatomy of the Cuban Missile Crisis / 
Culture and customs of Guatemala / 
Little tales of family and war, 1990-1999 / 
Escape from Villingen, 1918 / 
Switzerland and war / 
Letters from Ireland / 
New poems from the third coast : contemporary Michigan poetry / 
Born in the Illinois cornfields / 
The windows of heaven : a novel of Galveston's great storm of 1900 / 
The politics of James Bond : from Fleming's novels to the big screen / 
The muckrakers : evangelical crusaders / 
D.S. Mirsky : a Russian-English life, 1890-1939 / 
Murder sets seed / 
Upstairs : writers and residences / 
Fated sky : the femina furens in Shakespeare / 
Albion Fellows Bacon : Indiana's municipal housekeeper / 
You'll grow soon, Alex / 
A dangerous road / 
In the upper room and other likely stories / 
Midnight come again / 
Lord Brocktree : a tale of Redwall / 
Venola in love / 
The hungriest boy in the world / 
Wills of the rich and famous / 
The maritime heritage of the Cayman Islands / 
The Robert Frost encyclopedia / 
Student companion to Tennessee Williams / 
The African American experience : an historiographical and bibliographical guide / 
Encyclopedia of the scientific revolution : from Copernicus to Newton / 
A time of war : remembering Guadalcanal, a battle without maps / 
Fundamentals of kinematics and dynamics of machines and mechanisms / 
Nude sculpture : 5,000 years / 
The history of science and religion in the Western tradition : an encyclopedia / 
Manual of online search strategies / 
Active server pages solutions / 
MCSE administering SQL server 7 exam prep / 
The condor's shadow : the loss and recovery of wildlife in America / 
Succulents II : the new illustrated dictionary / 
In situ real time characterization of thin films / 
Infrared technology : applications to electrooptics, photonic devices, and sensors / 
Advanced projects for Microsoft Excel 2000 / 
Animation, the business : mechanical and architectural visualization / 
Doglopaedia : a complete guide to dog care / 
The atmosphere : an introduction to meteorology / 
Pandora's picnic basket : the potential and hazards of genetically modified foods / 
The grouting handbook : a step-by-step guide to heavy equipment grouting / 
Moment resistant connections of steel frames in seismic areas : design and reliability / 
Architecture of schools : the new learning environments / 
Total design : contemplate, cleanse, clarify, and create your personal spaces / 
Writing your way through cancer / 
An introduction to mathematical statistics and its applications / 
Sundials : their construction and use / 
The muscular system / 
Teaching and learning in the elementary school / 
Visits with the Amish : impressions of the plain life / 
Wend your way : a guide to sites along the Iowa Mormon Trail / 
Market research matters : tools and techniques for aligning your business / 
Learning about learning : resources for supporting effective learning / 
Preparing counselors and therapists : creating constructivist and developmental programs / 
Living reading : exploring the lives of reading teachers / 
Theorizing praxis : studies in hermeneutical pragmatism / 
Love and other four-letter words / 
Timbuktu : a novel / 
Noela ; & That man in Rio : two novellas / 
The black swan : a memoir / 
Jean Toomer and the Harlem Renaissance / 
My grandfather's finger / 
When next we love / 
Tender taming / 
A season for love / 
Quiet walks the tiger / 
Handyman / 
Design of offshore concrete structures / 
African American literary theory : a reader / 
Give the dog a bone / 
The magic city / 
Almost strangers : a novel / 
Successful syndication : a guide for writers and cartoonists / 
Wond'rous machine : a literary anthology celebrating the organ / 
Hot six / 
More than a motorcycle : the leadership journey at Harley-Davidson / 
Revaluing renaissance art  / 
Tom Douglas' Seattle kitchen / 
Project planning and control / 
Development with a human face : experiences in social achievement and economic growth / 
Living clay / 
Daughter of the forest / 
True story : a novel / 
Soldiers live / 
Dream of the walled city / 
Mystic visions / 
Mastering wartime : a social history of Philadelphia during the Civil War / 
Diamond dogs : a novel / 
The atlas of world archaeology / 
In search of the Third man / 
The jazz / 
Colors : the story of dyes and pigments / 
Maximize your benefits : a guide for all employees / 
Rereading the revolution : the turn-of-the-century American Revolutionary War novel / 
Teaching learners with mild disabilities : integrating research and practice / 
Arguing about law : an introduction to legal philosophy / 
The race for the Governor's Cup : the Pacific Coast League playoffs, 1936-1954 / 
Having diabetes / 
A dictionary of quotations about communication / 
Training tough topics / 
50 chowders : one-pot meals : clam, corn & beyond / 
The Adonis complex : the secret crisis of male body obsession / 
Forging a better religious education in the third millennium / 
The essential humility of marriage : honoring the third identity in couple therapy / 
The possibility of practical reason / 
Competence, governance, and entrepreneurship : advances in economic strategy research / 
Qualitative research in intelligence and marketing : the new strategic convergence / 
e-Sphere : the rise of the world-wide mind / 
Web-based analysis for competitive intelligence / 
Holiday hugs : a stockingful of ideas for making Christmas fun / 
Economic & business principles in farm planning & production / 
Pschology of the future : lessons from modern consciousness research / 
The power of extraordinary prayer / 
Do penguins get frostbite? : questions and answers about polar animals / 
Life's choices : problems and solutions / 
The magic flute / 
Essentials of the Java programming language : a hands-on guide / 
Sirena Selena / 
Argumentation and critical decision making / 
The academic marketplace / 
Management philosophy : a radical-normative perspective / 
Electron scattering on complex atoms (ions) / 
Remote access / 
A primer for health care ethics : essays for a pluralistic society / 
An estate planner's guide to life insurance / 
The marketer's troubleshooter / 
Employment discrimination law : cases and materials / 
ISO 9001:2000 explained / 
Industry, architecture, and engineering : [American ingenuity, 1750-1950] / 
Workplace warrior : insights and advice for winning on the corporate battlefield / 
150 years of popular musical theatre / 
Indonesia / 
Jewish American poetry : poems, commentary, and reflections / 
The image of Zoroaster : the Persian Mage through European eyes / 
Islam : a short history / 
Rookie cop : deep undercover in the Jewish Defense League / 
Priority : a correspondence published by Jean-Luc Foreur / 
Managing technology and innovation for competitive advantage / 
Super snappy abc / 
Little Wolf's haunted hall for small horrors / 
Gabriel's story / 
The ROI of human capital : measuring the economic value of employee performance / 
Adaptation to changing health : response shift in quality-of-life research / 
AHNA standards of holistic nursing practice : guidelines for caring and healing / 
Wishing my father well : a memoir of fathers, sons, and fly-fishing / 
Product liability prevention : a strategic guide / 
Using multivariate statistics / 
Global contexts : case studies in international technical communication / 
Family support and time dollars : how to build community through social capital / 
Birth control and protection : options for teens / 
Treating anxiety and stress : group psycho-educational approach using brief CBT / 
Reflective planning, teaching, and evaluation for the elementary school : a relational approach / 
Social work with the aged and their families / 
Community informatics : enabling communities with information and communications technologies / 
The crescent obscured : the United States and the Muslim world, 1776-1815 / 
Hiking Pennsylvania / 
YMCA personal training instructor manual / 
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse : religion, war, famine, and death in Reformation Europe / 
The making of Gratian's Decretum / 
The Trinity in German thought / 
The evolution of agency and other essays / 
Playing with fire : how the Bible ignites change in your soul / 
The American school, 1642-2000 / 
Substance abuse counseling : theory and practice / 
Posttraumatic stress intervention : challenges, issues, and perspectives / 
Naturalism : a critical analysis / 
Jesus our high priest : Ps. 110,4 as the substructure of Heb 5,1-7,28 / 
Community colleges : policy in the future context / 
Daniel, nice kitty! and other Bible stories to tickle your soul / 
Comanche song / 
Popol vuh : the mythic sections, tales of first beginnings from the ancient Kíche-́Maya / 
Second thoughts on : how to be as terrific as your dog thinks you are! / 
Is my child ok? : when behavior is a problem, when it's not, and when to seek help / 
Drive-by journalism : the assault on your need to know / 
John Cassian, The institutes / 
Ethics after Easter / 
A life complete : emotional and spiritual growth for midlife and beyond / 
On my own and clueless : an LDS guide to independent life / 
Ice cream as a clue to the meaning of the universe / 
Direct response fund raising : mastering new trends for results / 
A heart full of happiness : celebrating the joy of contentment / 
Serving those in need : a handbook for managing faith-based human services organizations / 
Scam dogs and mo-mo Mamas : inside the wild and woolly world of Internet stock trading / 
Big bucks! / 
Sometimes, enough is enough : finding spiritual comfort in a material world / 
Dynamic technical analysis / 
Should we consent to be governed? : a short introduction to political philosophy / 
Type tales : understanding and celebrating diversity through type / 
Central Italy, Tuscany & Umbria : an inspired anthology & travel resource / 
Probability and statistical inference / 
Data structures : a pseudocode approach with C++ / 
Signal processing for intelligent sensor systems / 
The essence of data structures using C++ / 
The right blood : America's aristocrats in thoroughbred racing / 
In vivo body composition studies / 
Volcanoes / 
Wolves / 
The color of hope / 
Global interests : Renaissance art between East and West / 
Encyclopedia of operations research and management science / 
Biology of parasitism / 
The Caribbean novel in English : an introduction / 
Monitoring, measuring, and managing customer service / 
Imperiled heritage : tradition, history and utopia in early modern German literature / 
Poetry / 
Puppets / 
Stories / 
Meet Laura Ingalls Wilder / 
Meet J.K. Rowling / 
Meet E.B. White / 
Do drums beat there / 
Salt rock mysteries : a novel with murder / 
Day of reckoning / 
Hugger mugger / 
Deep South / 
Will you, won't you? / 
Geriatric audiology / 
Atlas of orthopaedic surgical exposures / 
W&H orthodontic notes / 
Fat digestion and absorption / 
Neurotransmitter receptors in actions of antipsychotic medications / 
Atlas of cosmetic dermatology / 
Physical medicine and rehabilitation / 
Manual of surgical pathology / 
Heart disease : a textbook of cardiovascular medicine / 
Handbook of palliative care in cancer / 
Tuberculosis : current concepts and treatment / 
Assessment of athletic injuries / 
Handbook of psychiatric drug therapy  / 
Double-crush syndrome / 
Nursing documentation handbook / 
Introduction to behavioral pharmacology / 
Physical agent modalities : theory and application for the occupational therapist / 
Iserson's getting into a residency : a guide for medical students / 
Storyboarding 101 : a crash course in professional storyboarding / 
MP3 : the definitive guide / 
Chemical bonding and molecular geometry : from Lewis to electron densities / 
Space vehicles / 
Shifting ground : transformed views of the American landscape / 
The Siamese cat / 
Electrical insulating materials : international issues / 
In praise of pedagogy : poetry, flash fiction, and essays on composing / 
Good reasons with contemporary arguments / 
The logic of knowledge bases / 
Barriers to riches / 
Saint Francis and the Christmas donkey / 
Barclays : the business of banking, 1690-1996 / 
Learning to argue in higher education / 
Environmental ethics and forestry : a reader / 
A genealogy of queer theory / 
The mother trip : hip mama's guide to staying sane in the chaos of motherhood / 
A dictionary for Episcopalians / 
Breaking the code of change / 
Inside Wall Street / 
Essential hiking for teens / 
Minding the law / 
Implementing change : patterns, principles, and potholes / 
Motivational science : social and personality perspectives / 
Fatherhood : research, interventions and policies / 
Democracy, citizenship, and the global city / 
Mountain biking northern California's best 100 trails / 
Managing domestic dissent in First World War Britain, 1914-1918 / 
Payne Stewart : the authorized biography / 
Cell therapy / 
Understanding wisdom : sources, science & society / 
Jean-Antoine de Baïf and the Valois court / 
The government of the Roman Empire : a sourcebook / 
Desser the best ever cat / 
Livy's exemplary history / 
John Fante : his novels and novellas / 
Historical sources in U.S. reading education, 1900-1970 : an annotated bibliography / 
Pacem in Terris : a love story : a love story is a life story / 
Been here and gone : a memoir of the blues / 
Ferry rides / 
Boat rides / 
Subway rides / 
Shakespeare and modernity : early modern to millennium / 
Russian poet/Soviet Jew : the legacy of Eduard Bagritskii / 
First grade friends : softball practice / 
Contemporary auditing : real issues and cases / 
Interviewing for radio / 
Tipi / 
Plank house / 
Working through environmental conflict : the collaborative learning approach / 
The flexible workplace : a sourcebook of information and research / 
The roots of rhetoric : politics of nuclear weapons in India and Pakistan / 
Blind-sided : homicide where it is least expected / 
Manners and violence / 
Germany and the transnational building blocks for post-national community / 
Home truths about child sexual abuse : a reader / 
Do unto others : 1,000 hilarious ways to screw with people's heads / 
Fabulous bargains! : great deals you can get for (almost) wholesale / 
The Marines of autumn : a novel of the Korean War / 
Heirs and parents / 
Fatalis / 
Escape from leviathan : liberty, welfare, and anarchy reconciled / 
Murder with puffins / 
National nancys / 
Spinning blues into gold : the Chess brothers and the legendary Chess Records / 
A gathering of wonders : behind the scenes at the American Museum of Natural History / 
Film crazy : interviews with Hollywood legends / 
The mako shark / 
Issues in transnational policing / 
Reclaiming knowledge : social theory, curriculum, and education policy / 
States and nationalism in Europe since 1945 / 
Gender, agency, and change : anthropological perspectives / 
Your organic kitchen : the essential guide to selecting and cooking organic foods / 
Exploring Fort Worth with children / 
Nation and religion in the Middle East / 
Aesthetic order : a philosophy of order, beauty and art / 
Out of the ordinary : essays on growing up with gay, lesbian, and transgender parents / 
Car camping : the book of desert adventures / 
Everything you need to know about sexual identity / 
The young zillionaire's guide to investments and savings / 
Everything you need to know about student-on-student sexual harassment / 
Marijuana and your lungs : the incredibly disgusting story / 
Wakeboarding : check it out! / 
Foreign direct investment in transitional economies : a case study of China and Poland / 
Practicing harm reduction psychotherapy : an alternative approach to addictions / 
Memory and the medieval tomb / 
From Jesus to Christ : the origins of the New Testament images of Jesus / 
Paths of peace : as the sky meets the earth : selected papers from the 1999 Peace Colloquy / 
God : the oldest question : a fresh look at belief and unbelief and why the choice matters / 
Roller coasters : United States and Canada / 
Essays from the heart : a mother's gift to her daughter / 
International commodity markets and the role of cartels / 
Bibliography on land-locked states, economic development and international law / 
To slake a thirst : the Matt Talbot way to sobriety / 
The complete guide to nonprofit management / 
Classics in management thought / 
Manias, panics, and crashes : a history of financial crises / 
Comfort for troubled Christians / 
Leo Kenney, a retrospective : celebrating the mysteries / 
The cloning sourcebook / 
The Philosophy of language / 
New technology-based firms at the turn of the century / 
Outcome of the critically ill : medicine, surgery, and trauma / 
Placental and fetal doppler / 
Surgical laparoscopy / 
Vaccines for the 21st century : a tool for decisionmaking / 
Mozart's letters, Mozart's life : selected letters / 
The global agenda : issues and perspectives / 
Health and health care in modern Britain / 
Managing migration : time for a new international regime? / 
Stock market capitalism : welfare capitalism : Japan and Germany versus the Anglo-Saxons / 
Paying for health, education, and housing : how does the centre pull the purse strings? / 
Spiritual spandex for the outstretched soul / 
The complexion of race : categories of difference in eighteenth-century British culture / 
Interpreting Shakespeare on screen / 
Aroids : plants of the Arum family / 
Romancing the margins? : lesbian writing in the 1990s / 
Big bowl : noodles and rice : fresh Asian cooking from the renowned restaurant / 
The enemy on trial : early Soviet courts on stage and screen / 
Taking time for tea / 
Ring of ice : true tales of adventure, exploration, and Arctic life / 
A locket for Maggie / 
Innocence : universal expressions of childhood / 
Negotiating multiculturalism : disciplining difference in Singapore / 
Let us talk of many things : the collected speeches / 
An unlikely heroine : Esther Cailingold's fight for Jerusalem / 
Optics of the human eye / 
Revealing riches & building lives : youth choir ministry in the new millenium / 
Daniel Gottlob Türk on the role of the organist in worship : (1787) / 
What Charlie heard / 
Music theory for non-music majors / 
Andrew Jackson : frontier president / 
Jenny's story / 
Jimmy Corrigan : 
This astounding close : the road to Bennett Place / 
Women's rights and nothing less : the story of Elizabeth Cady Stanton / 
In a sunburned country / 
Hard road to freedom : the story of African America / 
Yoga poems : lines to unfold by / 
Private Captain : a story of Gettysburg / 
Midnight dreary : the mysterious death of Edgar Allan Poe / 
Missing piece in Greece / 
Salivary gland tumours / 
Japan's economic recovery / 
Japan's economy in war and reconstruction / 
Eastern industrialization and its effect on the West 
Industrial Japan / 
Industrial labour in Japan / 
Agricultural development in modern Japan / 
Japan's economic position / 
The industrialization of Japan and Manchukuo, 1930-1940 / 
Japan's feet of clay / 
The small industries of Japan / 
Ghost boy / 
Hungry for home : leaving the Blaskets : a journey from the edge of Ireland / 
Order in the universe : the films of John Carpenter / 
A place called Appomattox / 
Kindergarten architecture : space for the imagination / 
The travels of Mark Twain / 
Computer-integrated manufacturing / 
You can write a column / 
The fountains of youth / 
Techniques in animal cytogenetics / 
Essentials of veterinary ophthalmology / 
Songs, roars, and rituals : communication in birds, mammals, and other animals / 
The island of lost maps : a true story of cartographic crime / 
El Niño and La Niña : weather in the headlines / 
The key : how to write damn good fiction using the power of myth / 
The Washington Monument : it stands for all / 
The big golden book of dinosaurs / 
Rome and a villa : memoir / 
The Ft. Larned incident / 
Levers / 
Screws / 
Wheels and axles / 
The Book of Mormon sleuth / 
Rolling Stone : the illustrated portraits / 
Chemical and biological sensors for environmental monitoring / 
Money, love : a novel / 
Literary culture and U.S. imperialism : from the Revolution to World War II / 
Mormonism and the nature of God : a theological evolution, 1830-1915 / 
Cauldron of changes : feminist spirituality in fantastic fiction / 
Reflections of radical moderate / 
Great divides : readings in social inequality in the United States / 
Real-resumes for sales / 
Business succession planning / 
Loss and trauma : general and close relationship perspectives / 
Moon wise : astrology, self-understanding, and lunar energies / 
Instant Christmas pageant : operation baby king / 
Tiger Woods / 
Leading and leadership / 
A paddler's guide to Everglades National Park / 
Freud & psychoanalysis / 
Backroad and offroad biking / 
In search of the fourth freedom / 
How Americans view world population issues : a survey of public opinion / 
The Catholic character of Catholic schools / 
Chronic pain evaluation : a valid, standardized assessment instrument / 
Cell death : the role of Poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase / 
Windows 2000 MCSE study system / 
Enter teaching! : the essential guide for teachers new to grades 3-6 / 
Natural mental health : how to take control of your own emotional well-being / 
Past perfect / 
Heroin / 
Tobacco / 
Steroids / 
LSD / 
Instructional and cognitive impacts of Web-based education / 
Word pictures in the New Testament / 
Ordinary women, extraordinary lives : women in American history / 
Fundamentals of thermal-fluid sciences / 
Java performance and scalability / 
Gabriel Orozco / 
Killer content : strategies for Web content and E-commerce / 
Aircraft / 
Developer's workshop to COM and ATL 3.0 / 
The Abyssinian cat / 
Ships / 
Photography / 
Dinosaurs / 
Make it work! Sound / 
Building / 
Intermediate mechanics of materials / 
Data communications and networking / 
Art with a difference : looking at difficult and unfamiliar art / 
Introduction to engineering technology and engineering / 
What to expect in the military : a practical guide for young people, parents, and counselors / 
The emperor's friend : Marshal Jean Lannes / 
Tom Lynch's watercolor secrets : a master painter reveals his strategies for success / 
A tomato can chronicle, and other stories of fishing and shooting / 
Introduction to operations research / 
Out of sight : pictures of hidden worlds / 
Robert Ludlum's The Hades factor / 
Contradiction contradicted : the plays of W.S. Gilbert / 
Giant stones and earth mounds / 
The house on Hope Street / 
The complete works of Oscar Wilde / 
Courts and regions in medieval Europe / 
Saint Bride and her book : Birgitta of Sweden's Revelations / 
Charles d'Orléans in England, 1415-1440 / 
The carrier / 
Counting sheep / 
Slanguage : a cool, fresh, phat, and shagadelic guide to all kinds of slang / 
Scaling for e-business : technologies, models, performance, and capacity planning / 
Closure : emergent organizations and their dynamics / 
Skyscrapers / 
Hyperbolic partial differential equations and wave phenomena / 
Around the home & yard : 
A star to sail by / 
Critical essays on E.L. Doctorow / 
La hermanita de Franklin / 
Literature across cultures / 
So you're going to be a dad / 
Political participation in the United States / 
Math refresher for scientists and engineers / 
Optics of nanostructured materials / 
Solutions to parallel and distributed computing problems : lessons from biological sciences / 
High speed digital system design : a handbook of interconnect theory and design practices / 
Equilibrium statistical mechanics / 
New century healthcare : strategies for providers, purchasers, and plans / 
Boas / 
Artists emerging : sustaining expression through drawing / 
Caterpillar chronicle : the history of the world's greatest earthmovers / 
Forests in sustainable mountain development : a state of knowledge report for 2000 / 
Java pitfalls : time-saving solutions and workarounds to improve programs / 
Y2K lessons learned : a guide to better information technology management / 
A brief introduction to fluid mechanics / 
Dams / 
Stadiums / 
Dead Man's Bay / 
France. The culture / 
The last beautiful days of autumn : a memoir / 
Etruscan civilization : a cultural history / 
Navajo placenames and trails of the Canyon de Chelly system, Arizona / 
Mouse cleaning / 
The tragedy of King Richard III / 
Readings on A midsummer night's dream / 
My do it! / 
Baby loves hugs and kisses / 
Men and masculinity : a text reader / 
The end of ancient Rome / 
Corinthian conventionalizing pottery / 
The determined days / 
The princess with the golden hair : letters of Elizabeth Waugh to Edmund Wilson, 1933-1942 / 
Understanding figurative language : from metaphors to idioms / 
The king, the crown, and the Duchy of Lancaster : public authority and private power, 1399-1461 / 
Manteo : a Roanoke Island town / 
Stimulant drugs and ADHD : basic and clinical neuroscience / 
Pulleys / 
Mathematics for elementary teachers : a conceptual approach / 
The darkroom cookbook / 
The Southwestern grill : 225 terrific recipes for big and bold backyard barbecue / 
Ultimate aircraft / 
Life's greatest journey : how to be heavenly minded and of earthly good / 
Stories from God's heart : the parables / 
Confucius and the Analects : new essays / 
Soil physics : agricultural and environmental applications / 
Oracle8 DBA : backup and recovery exam cram / 
Wild animals / 
Dinosaurs / 
Blue whale / 
Bicycles / 
Teachers' learning : stories of science education / 
Moral responsibility and ontology / 
Social development in Asia / 
Liber amicorum 'in memoriam' of Judge José María Ruda / 
Intellectics and computational logic : papers in honor of Wolfgang Bibel / 
Mexican style : creative ideas for enhancing your space / 
Beading with peyote stitch / 
The long road called goodbye : tracing the course of Alzheimer's / 
Inclined planes / 
The Maine coon cat / 
Physician-assisted suicide and euthanasia / 
Polymer clay : 20 weekend projects using new and exciting techniques / 
Building images : seventy years of photography at Hedrich Blessing / 
Sailing boats from around the world : the classic 1906 treatise / 
Complete guide to medicinal herbs / 
Heart frauds : uncovering the biggest health scam in history / 
Fluorine calorimetry : history, applications, results  / 
Nerve : the new nude / 
Verilog styles for synthesis of digital systems / 
Joseph Turner / 
Michelangelo Buonarroti / 
Auguste Rodin / 
A bittersweet journey : America's fascination with baseball / 
A dog's gotta do what a dog's gotta do : dogs at work / 
The circus alphabet / 
Pieter Bruegel / 
Mighty machines : 
Dinosaurs of darkness / 
The golden age of the racing outboard / 
Child and adolescent therapy : cognitive-behavioral procedures / 
Public safety diving / 
The big picture / 
The Yale dictionary of art and artists / 
Clearing the air : asthma and indoor air exposures / 
Heidegger's philosophy of science / 
Flags of our fathers / 
Approaches to teaching shorter Elizabethan poetry / 
Devil's claw / 
Aurra Sing : dawn of the bounty hunters / 
He shall thunder in the sky : an Amelia Peabody mystery / 
The return of Felix Nogara : a novel / 
The Trickster / 
The American journey : a history of the United States / 
Fortress of dragons / 
Stranger online / 
Robin Williams / 
A diamond in the dust / 
Scary Fright, are you all right?  / 
Capturing drama in nature photography / 
In the name of Salomé : a novel / 
Dictionary of modern anguish : fictions / 
Christopher Gadsden and Henry Laurens : the parallel lives of two American patriots / 
Stone's paranoia : a novel / 
Anything but love / 
The Spanish-American War / 
The Civil War / 
Am I big or little? / 
Blue Ridge / 
The architect : chapters in the history of the profession / 
Harwell Hamilton Harris / 
The rational unified process : an introduction / 
Entertaining with Southern style / 
Root methods : a handbook / 
What is life? / 
Trees and shrubs of California / 
Fiber optics technician's manual / 
Theoretical astrophysics / 
Advanced Java networking / 
One up on Wall Street : how to use what you already know to make money in the market / 
Authentic assessment : a guide for elementary teachers / 
Dio Chrysostom : politics, letters, and philosophy / 
The riddle of all constitutions : international law, democracy, and the critique of ideology / 
Pyrrho, his antecedents, and his legacy / 
Inclusion and democracy / 
The dynamics of religious organizations : The extravasation of the sacred and other essays / 
Boundary Waters Canoe Area / 
Meditation : key to spiritual awakening / 
Cultural diversity and education : foundations, curriculum, and teaching / 
New risks, new welfare : signposts for social policy / 
Developmental disorders : a neuropsychological approach / 
Interpersonal processes / 
Equality / 
Geography militant : cultures of exploration and empire / 
Formal pragmatics : semantics, pragmatics, presupposition, and focus / 
Understanding social science : a philosophical introduction to the social sciences / 
Global logistics management : a competitive advantage for the new millennium / 
Industrial and organizational psychology : linking theory with practice / 
The Blackwell companion to sociology / 
Nations and identities : classic readings / 
A companion to theoretical econometrics / 
In praise of meekness : essays on ethics and politics / 
The organization in crisis : downsizing, restructuring, and privatization / 
Cases and projects in international management / 
Transnational urbanism : locating globalization / 
Iroquois culture & commentary / 
Commercial banking : the management of risk / 
Legal aspects of managing technology / 
Salt water fly fishing / 
Emotional intelligence at work : a professional guide / 
Electronic communication convergence : policy challenges in Asia / 
White racism : the basics / 
Global financial crises : lessons from recent events  / 
Inventory management : principles, concepts and techniques / 
A global perspective on real estate cycles / 
Computer science and communications dictionary / 
The complete book of striped bass fishing / 
Enzymes in nonaqueous solvents : methods and protocols / 
Photography in Boston, 1955-1985 / 
Computer networks and systems : queueing theory and performance evaluation / 
Restoration of contaminated aquifers : petroleum hydrocarbons and organic compounds / 
The artist as therapist / 
Women's health / 
Stones of the Parthenon / 
Methods in mammary gland biology and breast cancer research / 
Stochastic calculus and financial applications / 
Geopolitics at the end of the twentieth century : the changing world political map / 
Data analysis with JMP IN 4.0 / 
Friends and citizens : essays in honor of Wilson Carey McWilliams / 
A short guide to a happy life / 
One church, many tribes / 
America's Asian alliances / 
Voyaging through the contemporary Pacific / 
Love, lust, and longing in the White House : the romantic relationships of America's presidents / 
Blue mountains far away : journeys into the American wilderness / 
From Thessaloniki to Auschwitz and back : memories of a survivor from Thessaloniki / 
Ramage & the freebooters / 
Terminal visions / 
Looking for you all my life / 
The story of the lost star : a Christmas tale / 
The battle for Guadalcanal / 
Albrecht Dürer : a guide to research / 
One unhappy horse / 
Let's play tug-of-war / 
Let's jump rope / 
Let's play tag / 
Grange House / 
Fiddle fever / 
Shoe Shoe Baby / 
Marked men : white masculinity in crisis / 
Nightshade / 
Where the big fish are / 
Some things are scary / 
Becoming a fundraiser : the principles and practice of library development / 
Legacies for libraries : a practical guide to planned giving / 
The jungle and the damned / 
Butterflies / 
Truffaut / 
The search for M / 
The midnight side : a novel / 
Just cause : freedom, identity, and rights / 
The Minotaur of Knossos / 
The cave painter of Lascaux / 
Transitions : writing in academic and workplace settings / 
Mad Morgan / 
Yellowstone Park nurse / 
Barking at butterflies, and other stories / 
Whispering Brook Farm / 
24 hours / 
The man from nowhere / 
Willa Cather's southern connections : new essays on Cather and the South / 
Double double / 
The crisis of the seventeenth century : religion, the Reformation, and social change / 
Mad Merlin / 
Born in sin  / 
New essays on The House of Mirth / 
Daily life in colonial Mexico : the journey of Friar Ilarione da Bergamo, 1761-1768 / 
Class struggle in Hollywood, 1930-1950 : moguls, mobsters, stars, Reds, & trade unionists / 
Never ask permission : Elisabeth Scott Bocock of Richmond : a memoir / 
Rowing in Eden : a novel / 
A storm at Pebble Beach / 
The Great Lakes cottage book : 
The inextinguishable symphony : a true story of music and love in Nazi Germany / 
An independent study guide to reading Latin / 
The phonological structure of words : an introduction / 
Fibblestax / 
The legend of the loon / 
Lord of a visible world : an autobiography in letters / 
Joyce and the two Irelands / 
Lunch box mail and other poems / 
Heaven's song / 
When Zachary Beaver came to town / 
Joseph / 
Beyond this darkness / 
Making the town : Ga state and society in early Colonial Accra / 
Mark Twain's library of humor / 
Blessed are the merciful / 
Water, carry me / 
Wake up little Susie / 
Blackout / 
Retail buying / 
Improving leadership in student affairs administration : a case approach / 
Heaven / 
The folk keeper / 
Being useful : policy relevance and international relations theory / 
No common power : understanding international relations / 
Dinosaurs / 
Sound doctrine : a tactical primer / 
Crime and elder abuse : an integrated perspective / 
The extent of marketization of economic systems in China / 
Life passages : writing exercises for self-exploration / 
Swords to plowshares : the fall of communist Germany / 
The fascinating life and theory of Albert Einstein / 
Keys to success : how to achieve your goals / 
Studies in historical geography and biblical historiography : presented to Zechariah Kallai / 
Family of the King : dynamics of metaphor in the Gospel according to John / 
Attack of the Denebian starship / 
The medical casebook of Adolf Hitler : his illnesses, doctors, and drugs / 
Modelling molecular structures / 
Windows 2000 Web applications developer's guide / 
Dog spirit : hounds, howlings, and hocus pocus / 
The art of stenciling / 
Fair Isle sweaters simplified / 
Easy and fun Christmas quilts / 
Quilting with Japanese fabrics / 
Knit it your way : change the yarn to suit your style / 
Stylish sewing : techniques for quilted and embellished clothing / 
SpecC : specification language and methodology / 
Optical WDM networks : principles and practice / 
Basic statistics : a primer for the biomedical sciences / 
Jean Baudrillard : in radical uncertainty / 
The will : a novel / 
The French civil wars, 1562-1598 / 
Sick puppy / 
Follow the stars home / 
The science of science-fiction writing / 
The Wilder sisters / 
Miami / 
Joseph Goebbels / 
Shakespeare : the man and his achievement / 
Brandon Lee / 
South America / 
Mole and Shrew are two / 
Nat King Cole / 
Betsy Zane, the rose of Fort Henry / 
Were you always an Italian? : ancestors and other icons of Italian America / 
Britain and the French Revolution / 
Freakshow : first person media and factual television / 
Men of learning in Europe at the end of the Middle Ages / 
Wilde style : the plays and prose of Oscar Wilde / 
Pinky and Rex and the just-right pet / 
Fights for rights / 
Beneath the skin / 
Dynamic and stochastic efficiency analysis : economics of data envelopment analysis / 
Essentials of oceanography / 
Theory of spinors : an introduction / 
Positional release technique : from a dynamic systems perspective / 
Timberframe interiors / 
The world's most significant and magnificent aircraft : evolution of the modern airplane / 
Inventing the modern world : technology since 1750 / 
Bird studies at Old Cape May : an ornithology of coastal New Jersey / 
Rescuing vintage textiles / 
Religious buildings / 
The living wild / 
Electrician's pocket manual / 
Nutrition for foodservice and culinary professionals / 
Large (C>=24) polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons : chemistry and analysis / 
Abduction and induction : essays on their relation and integration / 
Current research in operational quantum logic : algebras, categories, languages / 
Oxygen ion and mixed conductors and their technological applications / 
Barbecue bible : sauces, rubs, and marinades, bastes, butters & glazes / 
Aquatic pollution : an introductory text / 
William Carleton, the novelist : his carnival and pastoral world of tragicomedy / 
The value effect : a murder mystery about the compulsive pursuit of "the next big thing" / 
Grumble! Rumble! / 
Great wonders of the world / 
France. The people / 
France. The land / 
The merger : the conglomeration of international organized crime / 
Power and its disguises : anthropological perspectives on politics / 
Aristotle's philosophy of biology : studies in the origins of life science / 
Multicultural education : issues and perspectives / 
Grand illusions : the legacy of Planned Parenthood / 
Curriculum and assessment / 
Narrative means to sober ends : treating addiction and its aftermath / 
Vices, virtues, and consequences : essays in moral and political philosophy / 
Mediapolitik : how the mass media have transformed world politics / 
The management of sport : its foundation and application / 
Courtly culture : literature and society in the high Middle Ages / 
The English : a portrait of a people / 
Introduction to landscape design / 
Carl Sagan : in contact with the cosmos / 
The environmental impact statement process and environmental law / 
The printing press : a breakthrough in communication / 
L.A. lost & found : an architectural history of Los Angeles / 
Hermes' viper : a novel / 
Penicillin : a breakthrough in medicine / 
Iowa : portrait of the land / 
The Federal Valley Railroad Company & its ancestors, 1845-1954 / 
Lone Star politics / 
The online journ@list : using the Internet and other electronic resources / 
Rags and again rags : poems / 
Economies beyond agriculture in the classical world / 
The hidden arrow of Maether / 
Spirit sickness / 
Patterns of exposition / 
A clue for the puzzle lady / 
A difficult grace : on poets, poetry, and writing / 
The sleep-over artist / 
The comedy and tragedy of Machiavelli : essays on the literary works / 
The Sokal hoax : the sham that shook the academy / 
Rim of the Caprock / 
The Bravo Trail / 
Noche buena : Hispanic American Christmas stories / 
Angel at Troublesome Creek / 
Burl Ives' tales of America / 
When we were orphans / 
The magic of shapeshifting / 
Path to the soul / 
The angelic year : healing through angelic meditation / 
The esoteric origins of the American renaissance / 
Public policy and the Internet : privacy, taxes, and contract / 
Preserving order amid chaos : the survival of schools in Uganda, 1971-1986 / 
Hidden messages : what our words and actions are really telling our children / 
English fairy and other folk tales / 
Welsh castles : a guide by counties / 
The private rod : marital violence, sensation, and the law in Victorian Britain / 
Clauses without "that" : the case for bare sentential complementation in English / 
Warrior women : the Amazons of Dahomey and the nature of war / 
The media of mass communication / 
Neo-historicism : studies in Renaissance literature, history, and politics / 
Dating undated medieval charters / 
Eternal journey / 
The creation of the principality of Antioch, 1098-1130 
Crimes of privilege : readings in white-collar crime / 
Theology and the arts : encountering God through music, art, and rhetoric / 
Do you love me? : Jesus questions the church / 
Violence renounced : René Girard, biblical studies, and peacemaking / 
The Western heritage / 
The white bone : a novel / 
Anabaptists & postmodernity / 
The technology M&A guidebook / 
Extracellular matrix protocols / 
Robust diagnostic regression analysis / 
The geometry of biological time / 
Introduction to topological manifolds / 
The emperor of nature : Charles-Lucien Bonaparte and his world / 
Volcano cowboys : the rocky evolution of a dangerous science / 
Planning land 3-D seismic surveys / 
Helping clients forgive : an empirical guide for resolving anger and restoring hope / 
Agricultural policy / 
Catskill trails : a ranger's guide to the high peaks / 
Membership marketing / 
Life on the other side : a psychic's tour of the afterlife / 
Presbyterians : a spiritual journey / 
The abomination / 
Storm track / 
Comfort from a country quilt / 
The hook / 
Agatha Raisin and the wizard of Evesham / 
The reeve's tale / 
The great trek : a frontier story / 
It's Vladimir! / 
America's first traitor : Benedict Arnold betrays the colonies / 
George Washington elected : how America's first president was chosen / 
Pee Wee's tale / 
Spooky spinechillers / 
Bel and Bub and the black hole / 
One smiling sister / 
Beauty and the beast / 
A Wind in the willows Christmas / 
Ten times better / 
Aztecs & Incas / 
Ancient civilizations / 
Abbeville animals : panda / 
Odysseus and Penelope : an ordinary marriage / 
Our man in Vienna : a memoir / 
The afterlife of Christina Rossetti / 
Weaver's daughter / 
U.S. territories / 
Walt Disney's Santa's toy shop / 
Visitations from the afterlife : true stories of love and healing / 
Kinship and capitalism : marriage, family, and business in the English speaking world, 1580-1740 / 
Materials for high temperature engineering applications / 
Changing classes : school reform and the new economy / 
New creation : a liturgical world view / 
The book of awakening : having the life you want by being present to the life you have / 
Sins we love : embracing brokenness, hoping for wholeness / 
Coming of age : the advanced writing curriculum / 
Getting together and staying together : solving the mystery of marriage / 
Ascending the heights : a layman's guide to The ladder of divine ascent / 
Accounting information systems / 
Meditations for weary parents / 
Angie Debo : pioneering historian / 
Where these memories grow : history, memory, and southern identity / 
John Dryden : tercentenary essays / 
Earthquake / 
Lennon in America : based in part on the lost Lennon diaries, 1971-1980 / 
JoJo & Winnie again : more sister stories / 
I am a gymnast / 
Stamps / 
Football. Passing / 
Baseball : fielding ground balls / 
Educational research : a guide to the process / 
The reading teacher's book of lists / 
Prentice Hall dictionary of real estate : a handy reference pocket edition / 
Internet marketing in real estate / 
Marketing management / 
Encyclopedia of Native American jewelry : a guide to history, people, and terms / 
The cognitive semiotics of film / 
British envoys to Germany, 1816-1866 / 
Hostels Austria & Switzerland : the only comprehensive, unofficial, opinionated guide / 
The metrics of science and technology / 
After life : a novel / 
The house in the woods / 
Nothing gold can stay / 
Reading stories : activities and texts for critical readings / 
The education of Henry Adams : an autobiography / 
The Cherokee lottery : a sequence of poems / 
Re-placing America : conversations and contestations : selected essays / 
1001 things everyone should know about the Civil War / 
The history of the English language : a source book / 
The forerunner, his parables and poems / 
Isthmus / 
First contract / 
T.E. Lawrence : a biography / 
Tournaments : jousts, chivalry, and pageants in the Middle Ages / 
Greek nymphs : myth, cult, lore / 
The Emmys : the ultimate, unofficial guide to the battle of TV's best shows and greatest stars / 
Me myself I / 
Geoffrey Chaucer : the general Prologue to the Canterbury tales / 
Nathaniel Hawthorne The scarlet letter / 
William Faulkner : The sound and the fury ; As I lay dying / 
Mary Shelley : Frankenstein / 
Bonnard : shimmering color / 
Fundamentals of college algebra : graphs & models / 
Data structures & other objects using C++ / 
Flash point : a novel / 
Aquatic rescue professionals / 
American drawings and watercolors in the Metropolitan Museum of Art : John Singer Sargent / 
The Slim-Fast body-mind-life makeover / 
Toughening of plastics : advances in modeling and experiments / 
Dollar bill animals in origami : the national origami treasury / 
Introduction to synthetic polymers / 
The physics of solids / 
Introduction to protein architecture : the structural biology of proteins / 
A brief history of the future : from radio days to Internet years in a lifetime / 
Animal cell culture : a practical approach / 
ASTM standards on color and appearance measurement / 
Your purebred puppy : a buyer's guide / 
Once upon a farm / 
Aromatherapy & subtle energy techniques : compassionate healing with essential oils / 
Distant shores : the odyssey of Rockwell Kent / 
Fluorine chemistry at the millennium : fascinated by fluorine / 
The parrot's lament : and other true tales of animal intrigue, intelligence, and ingenuity / 
Ice cream & frozen yogurt / 
Making more plants : the science, art, and joy of propagation / 
Simple theories / 
The Caspian Sea : a quest for environmental security / 
Defects and surface-induced effects in advanced perovskites / 
Technical mathematics with calculus / 
Pontiac GTO : the great one / 
Calculus and its applications / 
Strongly stabilizable distributed parameter systems / 
What makes you tick? : the brain in plain English / 
A brief history of flight : from balloons to Mach 3 and beyond / 
Enriching the earth : Fritz Haber, Carl Bosch, and the transformation of world food production / 
Machinists' and metalworkers' pocket reference / 
The Field & stream sporting vehicles handbook / 
The Panther tank / 
Germany's secret weapons in World War II / 
Neural networks and intellect : using model based concepts / 
Walt Disney's Mother Goose / 
Tyler is shy / 
Chicken pox explosion! / 
Grace-full leadership : understanding the heart of a Christian leader / 
Criminal law : 
Corinth, the first city of Greece : an urban history of late antique cult and religion / 
Guiding young children : a problem-solving approach / 
Magic, witchcraft, and religion : an anthropological study of the supernatural / 
Apocalypse : a commentary on Revelation in words and images / 
Women also journeyed with Him : feminist perspectives on the Bible / 
How I accidentally joined the vast right-wing conspiracy (and found inner peace) / 
Living on the fault line : managing for shareholder value in the age of the internet / 
The invisible continent : four strategic imperatives of the new economy / 
Modern investment theory / 
The New York times guide to finance / 
Providence & prayer : how does God work in the world? / 
Fundamentals of financial management / 
The political economy of tourism development in Africa / 
Finding the treasure : locating Catholic religious life in a new ecclesial and cultural context / 
Strategic electronic marketing : managing e-business / 
If I really believe, why do I have these doubts? / 
Introduction to Visual Basic 6.0 / 
Brief calculus and its applications / 
The Informix handbook / 
UNIX user's handbook / 
XML processing with Python / 
Trout friends / 
The plantfinder's guide to garden ferns / 
A book of blue flowers / 
Manufacturing engineering and technology / 
Video basics 3 / 
1,001 low-fat vegetarian recipes / 
Sun, wind & light : architectural design strategies / 
Structural biological materials : design and structure-property relationships / 
Bits & bridles : power tools for thinking riders / 
Vinyl acetate emulsion polymerization and copolymerization with acrylic monomers / 
Growing vegetables / 
Growing herbs / 
The filth and the fury : the voices of the Sex Pistols / 
Dangerous crossings : the first modern polar expedition, 1925 / 
Women artists in history : from antiquity to the present / 
Fire ants / 
Earth and you : tales of the environment / 
Constitutive modelling of granular materials / 
Neuronal nicotinic receptors / 
Let's play hide-and-seek / 
Chess : from first moves to checkmate / 
Free money for graduate school / 
Reformation readings of the Apocalypse : Geneva, Zurich, and Wittenberg / 
Know-it-all / 
How the future began. Everyday life / 
The politics of ideas and the spread of enterprise zones / 
Prenatal testing and disability rights / 
The health care professional as friend and healer : building on the work of Edmund D. Pellegrino / 
Does family preservation serve a child's best interests? / 
Governance and performance : new perspectives / 
The U.S. Supreme Court and the electoral process / 
Being as symbol : on the origins and development of Karl Rahner's metaphysics / 
Enhancing religious identity : best practices from Catholic campuses / 
Airport / 
Firehouse / 
Be Marilyn! : a glamorous guide to living blonde / 
Looking for ground : countertransference and the problem of value in psychoanalysis / 
Conflict amid consensus in American trade policy / 
Budgeting entitlements : the politics of food stamps / 
Infants and toddlers in out-of-home care / 
Field-programmable custom computing technology : architectures, tools, and applications / 
The domestication of metals : the rise of complex metal industries in Anatolia / 
Renovating barns, sheds & outbuildings / 
The color encyclopedia of daylilies / 
Parisians / 
Personal nutrition / 
Finite population sampling and inference : a prediction approach / 
Sheer style / 
Night and day : the double lives of artists in America / 
What cats teach us-- : life's lessons learned from our feline friends / 
The Northwoods table : natural cuisine featuring native foods / 
It takes a dog to raise a village : true stories of remarkable canine vagabonds / 
Just eagles / 
The Halloween book / 
Religious art in France of the thirteenth century / 
Nonassociative algebra and its applications : the fourth international conference / 
Economic evolution, learning, and complexity / 
Tools of radio astronomy : problems and solutions / 
Remote sensing in hydrology and water management / 
Differential equations with applications / 
Life in a bucket of soil / 
Stress physiology in animals / 
Site-specific art : performance, place, and documentation / 
Maximum hoof power : a horseowner's guide to shoeing and soundness / 
Cultural issues in criminal defense / 
How to make millions in real estate in 3 years starting with no cash / 
The bond bible / 
Voices of the saints : a year of readings / 
The age of innocence : authoritative text, background and contexts, sources, criticism / 
The second silence / 
Batbaby finds a home / 
The Prentice Hall anthology of science fiction and fantasy / 
Revolutionary Europe, 1783-1815 / 
The Bishop and the missing L train : a Blackie Ryan story / 
Family support centers : 
Our boys speak : adolescent boys write about their inner lives / 
Traveling the Lewis & Clark Trail / 
The changing public sector : a practical management guide / 
The formation of entrepreneurial intentions / 
Nasalization, neutral segments, and opacity effects / 
Hot fudge / 
Abby Cadabra, super speller / 
The relevance of phenomenology to the philosophy of language and mind / 
Logic and language in Wittgenstein's Tractatus / 
Don't tell me what to do, just send money : the essential parenting guide for the college years / 
Readings on Medea / 
Long remember / 
Patriots and heroes / 
Shutdown / 
Landslide-induced flooding at Ophir Creek, Washoe County, Western Nevada, May 30, 1983 / 
The Pharisees : the preservers of Judaism / 
A dictionary-catalog of modern British composers / 
Family observational coding systems : resources for sytemic research / 
Pregnancy tips for moms-to-be / 
Morale in the military in war and peace and Gender, public policy, and the State 
Racial discrimination and minority business enterprise : evidence from the 1990 census / 
ESP power : your absolute, quintessential, all you wanted to know, complete guide / 
Dying, death, and bereavement / 
Global structural analysis of buildings / 
From tension to tonic : the plays of Edward Albee / 
Eye of the storm : a Civil War odyssey / 
Say uncle : poems / 
The arts & crafts home / 
Role transitions in organizational life : an identity-based perspective / 
The economics of public spending : debts, deficits, and economic performance / 
Frontiers of environmental economics / 
The economics of biological invasions / 
Hypnotism : your absolute, quintessential, all you wanted to know, complete guide / 
Blessings for the fast paced and cyberspaced : parables, reflections, and prayers / 
D/s : an anti-love story / 
A Degas sketchbook / 
Grandfathers are like gold : every family's treasure : anecdotes and reflections / 
Protestant origins in India : Tamil Evangelical Christians, 1706-1835 / 
Ventricular fibrillation : a pediatric problem / 
Endovascular grafting : advanced treatment for vascular disease / 
West to Comanche County / 
The Rosetta stone of God / 
Atrial-AV nodal electrophysiology : a view from the millennium / 
Colorants for non-textile applications / 
Top shops+! : the new manufacturing standard / 
Private and common property / 
Modern understandings of liberty and property / 
Classical foundations of liberty and property / 
Seeds of faith : Catholic Indian boarding schools / 
Logic, law, and ethics / 
Issues in the semantics and pragmatics of disjunction / 
The OECD, globalisation, and education policy / 
How to prevent, control & cure diabetes / 
Me and Hank : a boy and his hero, twenty-five years later / 
Driving customer equity : how customer lifetime  value is reshaping corporate strategy / 
Where to draw the line : how to set healthy boundaries every day / 
Symbols of the sacred / 
Gateways to dogmatics : reasoning theologically for the life of the church / 
Akkadian loanwords in Biblical Hebrew / 
Manifesta : young women, feminism, and the future / 
Fiscal federalism in Russia : 
Spatial environmental and resource economics : selected essays of Charles D. Kolstad / 
Regulatory reform and competitiveness in Europe / 
Not crazy, just enlightened : a voyage of the soul / 
Action in the North Atlantic / 
9 magic wishes / 
A gift from the sea / 
The new romanticism : a collection of critical essays / 
A necessary fantasy? : the heroic figure in children's popular culture / 
Medieval warfare : a bibliographical guide / 
Ben Milam : Texas freedom fighter / 
Plane rides / 
The keys to the kingdom : how Michael Eisner lost his grip / 
A land of liberty? : England 1689-1727 / 
Vanishing acts : a science fiction anthology / 
The 1930s : directions / 
Ethics and remembrance in the poetry of Nelly Sachs and Rose Ausländer / 
Those Jordan girls / 
The dark portal / 
Searching for the secrets of nature : the life and works of Dr. Francisco Hernández / 
The Mexican treasury : the writings of Dr. Francisco Hernández / 
All about the movies : a handbook for the movie-loving layman / 
Blood : a Susan Shader novel / 
Bringing life to ethics : global bioethics for a humane society / 
The sacred world of the Penitentes / 
Merchants, Mamluks, and murder : the political economy of trade in eighteenth century Basra / 
Philosophy at the boundary of reason : ethics and postmodernity / 
Coming to be : toward a Thomistic-Whiteheadian metaphysics of becoming / 
Canal Town youth : community organization and the development of adolescent identity / 
Relocating the personal : a critical writing pedagogy / 
You are the eyes of the world  / 
The Fords in my past / 
Keith Famie's adventures in cooking / 
Developmental biology : a guide for experimental study / 
Medical progress and social reality : a reader in nineteenth-century medicine and literature / 
Physiology : the basis of clinical practice / 
Physical therapist assistant examination review / 
Case studies through the healthcare continuum : a workbook for the occupational therapy student / 
Spectral analysis and filter theory in applied geophysics / 
Aquarium / 
At the zoo / 
Construction site / 
Semiclassical analysis for diffusions and stochastic processes / 
Cardinal choices : presidential science advising from the atomic bomb to SDI / 
Show me your way : the complete guide to exploring interfaith spiritual direction / 
Gloria / 
Everyday antiques / 
How to manage problem employees / 
Night of tragedy : dawning of light / 
Miriam's song : a memoir / 
Cultures of opposition : Jewish immigrant workers, New York City, 1881-1905 / 
On other grounds : landscape gardening and nationalism in eighteenth-century England and France / 
Ninety-two poems and hymns of Yehuda Halevi / 
Intruding on academe : the assertion of political control in Illinois / 
Escape from the ice : Shackleton and the Endurance / 
Discontinuous Galerkin methods : theory, computation, and applications / 
Crisis in organizations II / 
Encyclopedia of American immigration / 
Managing electronic services : a public sector perspective / 
The unified process for practitioners : object-oriented design, UML and Java / 
Teachers and educational change : the lived experience of secondary school restructuring / 
Piero della Francesca / 
Robotics research : the ninth international symposium / 
Real-time and multi-agent systems / 
Measuring risk in complex stochastic systems / 
Narrow-gap semiconductor photodiodes / 
Evidence-based diagnosis : a handbook of clinical prediction rules / 
Five haunted houses / 
How to be a Jewish parent : a practical handbook for family life / 
The little ghost who wouldn't go away = El pequeño fantasma que no queria irse / 
Dinofours, we love bugs! / 
The 50 states / 
Costa Rica / 
Central Asia and the new global economy / 
A citizen's guide to politics in America : how the system works & how to work the system / 
Girlfriend, you are the best! : a fable for our times / 
Be Elvis! : a guide to impersonating the King / 
Handbook of ocular infections, inflammation, and external diseases / 
Pharmacology of ionic channel function : activators and inhibitors / 
Handbook of contrast echocardiography : left ventrical function an myocardial perfusion / 
Large-scale parallel data mining / 
Regular variation and differential equations / 
The first stars : proceedings of the MPA/ESO Workshop held at Garching, Germany, 4-6 August 1999 / 
Dynamics and control of machines/ 
Nonlinear labor market dynamics / 
Dermatology / 
An invitation to algebraic geometry / 
Linear mixed models for longitudinal data / 
Statistical inference in science / 
Bioreaction engineering : modeling and control / 
North American clone brews : homebrew recipes for your favorite American & Canadian beers / 
The Neville Chamberlain diary letters / 
Monasticism in North-Western Europe, 800-1200 / 
Criminal justice internships : theory into practice / 
The American demand for household furniture and trends / 
Capitalization theory and techniques : study guide / 
The disciple whom Jesus loved : unveiling the author of John's Gospel / 
Seeing children, seeing God : a practical theology of children and poverty / 
Elegy for Kosovo / 
Mathematics all around / 
A survey of mathematics with applications / 
College algebra : graphs & models / 
The last of the Thorntons : a play / 
Hedwig and the Angry Inch / 
There was an old woman : a Benny Cooperman mystery / 
The most fabulous story ever told ; and, Mr. Charles, currently of Palm Beach : two plays / 
Circus days & nights / 
The poetry and life of Allen Ginsberg : a narrative poem / 
The meeting of religions and the Trinity / 
Pain and gender / 
Lesbian, gay, and bisexual identities and youth : psychological perspectives / 
Terence Conran on restaurants / 
Great shark writings / 
Doing good : passion and commitment for helping others / 
A charmed couple : the art and life of Walter and Matilda Gay / 
Valley of the golden mummies / 
Thirty frames per second : the visionary art of the music video / 
Customized : art inspired by hot rods, low riders, and American car culture / 
Customer-centered products : creating successful products through smart requirements management / 
The board book : making your corporate board a strategic force in your company's success / 
The complete guide to Internet security / 
Guide to rock art of the Utah region : sites with public access / 
Administrative law / 
The elements of reasoning / 
Recetas nutritivas que curan / 
It's never about what it's about : what we learned about living while waiting to die / 
Clinical practice guidelines : examination and intervention for rehabilitation / 
Hair : styling tips and tricks for girls / 
Iraq / 
Thank you for this day : action prayers, songs, and blessings for every day / 
The social dimension of sex / 
Edgar Cayce's ESP : who he was, what he said, and how it came true / 
Influence : science and practice / 
The autonomic nervous system / 
Effective risk management : some keys to success / 
Evaluation of antibodies to Cryptosporidium and Giardia using flow cytometry / 
Nearby history : exploring the past around you / 
Architecture of silence : Cistercian abbeys of France / 
You're probably a United Methodist if-- / 
Hematopoietic progenitor cells : 
Effective TCP/IP programming : 44 tips to improve your network programming / 
Horses don't fly / 
The history and theory of rhetoric : an introduction / 
Statistics for social workers / 
Generalist social work practice : an empowering approach / 
Exploring child welfare : a practice perspective / 
In search of greatness : Russia's communications with Africa and the world / 
The Christmas bird / 
Emphasis art : a qualitative art program for elementary and middle schools / 
All through the day, all through the year : family prayers and celebrations / 
Experimental methodology / 
Building inclusive schools : tools and strategies for success / 
Mexico / 
After the quality audit : closing the loop on the audit process / 
Infant development : the essential readings / 
Father's wisdom : 
The Pony Express : hands-on projects about early communication / 
Volunteering to help kids / 
Poems and other writings / 
Main Street, Florida : in old picture postcards / 
Confined space rescue / 
Forged by fire : how God shapes those He loves / 
The New York times guide to business law and legal environment / 
Criminal investigation / 
Reflections of the Christ mind : the present-day teachings of Jesus / 
Interracial communication : theory into practice / 
What is justice? : justice, law, and politics in the mirror of science : collected essays / 
Rediscovering the democratic purposes of education / 
Strange but true : true stories from the files of Fate magazine / 
How cities work : suburbs, sprawl, and the roads not taken / 
Autobiography of a spiritually incorrect mystic / 
The 100 absolutely unbreakable laws of business success / 
Through Europe at four knots : a tale of boating mayhem and family adventure / 
Shifting focus : a handbook for ITV educators / 
51 best ways to amuse kids / 
The peasant war in Germany / 
Ginger Pye / 
Controlling state crime / 
The Perseids and other stories / 
The gutbucket quest / 
If it ain't got that swing : the rebirth of grown-up culture / 
Shades of citizenship : 
Ordinary graces : Christian teachings on the interior life / 
Readings in the philosophy of law / 
The art of political warfare / 
Drew Bledsoe : stand and deliver / 
Pete Sampras : strokes of genius / 
Improving corporate boards : the boardroom insider guidebook / 
Re-creating the church : communities of eros / 
Hoping, coping & moping : [handling life when illness make it tough] / 
Planning for effective faculty development : using adult learning strategies / 
When self-consciousness breaks : alien voices and inserted thoughts / 
Principles of auditing and other assurance services / 
Documents on the laws of war / 
Doing research on crime and justice / 
Introduction to organizational behaviour / 
International systems in world history : remaking the study of international relations / 
American cultural studies : a reader / 
The Oxford textbook of marketing / 
Red Sox century : one hundred years of Red Sox baseball / 
Transforming literacy curriculum genres : working with teacher researchers in urban classrooms / 
Jump into jazz : the basics and beyond for the jazz dance student / 
Service management : operations, strategy, and information technology / 
Global business today / 
Marketing management : knowledge and skills / 
From the grassroots : a history of United Methodist Volunteers in Mission / 
Basketball tip-ins : 100 tips and drills for young basketball players / 
They still pick me up when I fall : 
Drama for the dramatically challenged : church plays made easy / 
Wisdom at work : a biblical approach to the workplace / 
Science or literature? : the divergent cultures of discovery and creation / 
Becoming a teacher in the new society : bringing communities and classrooms together / 
Attractors, bifurcations, and chaos : nonlinear phenomena in economics / 
Mountain bike! Northern California : a guide to the classic trails / 
Rethinking family-school relations : a critique of parental involvement in schooling / 
Frank and Jesse James : the story behind the legend / 
The consolidator / 
Sable / 
An introduction to Swaminarayan Hinduism / 
A global community : the Jews from Aleppo, Syria / 
Studies in Japanese bilingualism / 
Ho Chi Minh / 
The New York Public Library : a universe of knowledge / 
The American renaissance in New England. Second series / 
Day of the hangman : a Shawn Starbuck western / 
Comanche captives / 
The least likely bride / 
George-isms : the 110 rules George Washington wrote when he was 14-- and lived by all his life / 
White desert / 
Angels zero : P-47 close air support in Europe / 
Louisa / 
Validating corporate computer systems : good IT practice for pharmaceutical manufacturers / 
Bosie : a biography of Lord Alfred Douglas / 
Wallace Neff, architect of California's golden age / 
Marketing management support systems : principles, tools, and implementation / 
Perspectives on writing : research, theory, and practice / 
Visio 2000 bible / 
I believe in water : twelve brushes with religion / 
Giant panda / 
Black rhino / 
Microsoft SQL Server OLAP developer's guide / 
The proceedings of the Hague Peace conferences : translation of the original texts / 
Joneeba! : the exciting workout and fitness program with the dances and drums of Africa / 
Seeing God in the ordinary : a theology of the everyday / 
Guide to China copyright law studies / 
Legal research in the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia / 
The story of icons / 
Marriage of minds : collaborative fiction writing / 
Film and video resources for international educational exchange / 
Art, music, and education as strategies for survival : Theresienstadt, 1941-45 / 
Upside down : a primer for the looking-glass world / 
Heidegger and Derrida on philosophy and metaphor : imperfect thought / 
Amphetamines / 
Cocaine / 
Bengal tiger / 
The epics of Celtic Ireland : ancient tales of mystery and magic / 
A journey in Ladakh / 
Drip! drop!: how water gets to your tap / 
Troll teacher / 
That apple is mine! / 
Raising up queens : loving our daughters loud and strong / 
Hip pocket guide to HTML 4.01 / 
Bill Drost, the Pentecost / 
Greater works : experiencing God 's power / 
Strengthening families, and creating caring communities : 
The autobiography of María Elena Moyano : the life and death of a Peruvian activist / 
Imperial cults and the Apocalypse of John : reading Revelation in the ruins / 
Creating a comprehensive trauma center : choices and challenges / 
Existential semiotics / 
Foreign advertising in China : becoming global, becoming local / 
Latent destinies : cultural paranoia and contemporary U.S. narrative / 
Whose money is it anyway? / 
Foundations of finance : the logic and practice of financial management / 
Guanxi and business / 
Re-imagining the nation : debates on immigrants, identities and memories / 
After progress : American social reform and Europian socialism in the twentieth century / 
Dynamic earth environments : remote sensing observations from Shuttle-Mir missions / 
Web-to-host connectivity / 
Numerical techniques in electromagnetics / 
Biodegradation of nitroaromatic compounds and explosives / 
Adventures of the first settlers on the Oregon or Columbia River, 1810-1813 / 
Historic Washington, Arkansas / 
Oscar Wilde : a certain genius / 
The mountains of my life / 
Bedtime snuggles with Christopher / 
Performers : actors, directors, dancers, musicians / 
The melancholy of race / 
Tangled up in blue / 
Prophecy : child of earth / 
The pinky ball book / 
Experience of mediated learning : an impact of Feuerstein's theory in education and psychology / 
See with new eyes  / 
Anticipation : waiting on tiptoes for the Lord / 
Transplantation ethics / 
A Greek-English lexicon of the New Testament and other early Christian literature / 
William Pitt Ballinger : Texas lawyer, southern statesman, 1825-1888 / 
El cerco de la metáfora : poéticas jurídico-políticas puertorriqueñas, 1898-2001 / 
Diana, Princess of Wales / 
Exploring language / 
Library services to Latinos : an anthology / 
Sorry / 
James Madison : Father of the Constitution / 
Barbara Jordan : African American politician / 
Fighting for honor : Japanese Americans and World War II / 
Independence Day / 
Dirty laundry pile : poems in different voices / 
Albidaro and the mischievous dream / 
Cinderella / 
Titus : the illustrated screenplay / 
Christmas lost & found : rediscovering the true spirit of Christmas / 
Dumpy at school / 
Words with wings : a treasury of African-American poetry and art / 
Intertextuality and the reading of Roman poetry / 
Awakening mercy / 
Imperial Russia : a reference handbook / 
What if our world is their heaven? : the final conversations of Philip K. Dick / 
Sweet smell of success : the short fiction of Ernest Lehman / 
The code of the Woosters / 
Pigs have wings / 
Right ho, Jeeves / 
The expanded quotable Einstein / 
Sea critters / 
The new messies manual : the procrastinator's guide to good housekeeping / 
Mennonite country-style recipes & kitchen secrets / 
Advances in distributed and parallel knowledge discovery / 
You can train your horse to do anything! : On Target training, clicker training, and beyond / 
Titan II : a history of a Cold War missile program / 
Skunks! / 
Rhymes & reasons : literature and language play for phonological awareness / 
Zombie00 / 
Female ruins / 
When I was five I killed myself / 
The amethyst heart / 
Italia contemporanea : conversations with native speakers : workbook / 
The burning of Bridget Cleary : a true story / 
Citadel on the mountain / 
Roman officers and English gentlemen : the imperial origins of Roman archaeology / 
Atlas shrugged : manifesto of the mind / 
What happens in literature : a guide to poetry, drama and fiction / 
The New settler interviews / 
Ring them bells : a Mid-State Poetry Towers collection / 
Warped space : art, architecture, and anxiety in modern culture / 
Groundwater in rural development : facing the challenges of supply and resource sustainability / 
The good egg : more than 200 fresh approaches from soup to dessert / 
Reciprocity laws : from Euler to Eisenstein / 
Seattle then & now / 
The berry grower's companion / 
Automotive control systems / 
Aerodynamics of a lifting system in extreme ground effect / 
Dynamics of droplets / 
Advances in distributed systems : advanced distributed computing, from algorithms to systems / 
Radar systems analysis and design using Matlab / 
Ladle, leaf & loaf : soup, salad, and bread for every season / 
Three bowls : vegetarian recipes from an American Zen Buddhist monastery / 
Zoonoses : recognition, control, and prevention / 
Evolutionary perspectives on human reproductive behavior / 
Emergency medical technicians / 
Growing fruit / 
Growing flowers / 
DNA fingerprinting : the ultimate identity / 
Descriptive geometry : an integrated approach using AutoCAD / 
Everything you need to know about migraines and other headaches / 
Everything you need to know about acne : a helping book for teens / 
Beautiful skin / 
The Everything kids' nature book : create clouds, make waves, defy gravity, and much more! / 
The Tribeca Grill cookbook : celebrating ten years of taste / 
Children with fragile X syndrome : a parents' guide / 
From Ellis Island to JFK : New York's two great waves of immigration / 
Faith, science, and understanding / 
The nature of ornament : rhythm and metamorphosis in architecture / 
UNIX and Windows 2000 integration toolkit : a complete guide for systems administrators / 
The computer and the brain / 
Poetry in the Hebrew Bible : selected studies from Vetus Testamentum / 
Managing human resources / 
Assessments A to Z : a collection of 50 questionnaires, instruments, and inventories / 
Charley Lau's laws on hitting / 
Women and the women's movement in Britain, 1914-1999 / 
Immigrants, schooling, and social mobility : does culture make a difference? / 
Personal finance : turning money into wealth / 
Love numbers / 
Valued voices : an interdisciplinary approach to teaching and learning / 
Sergei Grinkov / 
Objects of hope : exploring possibility and limit in psychoanalysis / 
Roots of social sensibility and neural function / 
Cycles of contingency : developmental systems and evolution / 
Can anyone hear us? / 
"Wait for me!" said Maggie McGee / 
Declarations of dependency : the civic republican tradition in U.S. poverty policy / 
Lessons from Mount Kilimanjaro : schooling, community, and gender in East Africa / 
Commodities and globalization : anthropological perspectives / 
Porsche 911 red book 1965-1999 / 
Volcanoes / 
Philosophy of science : a contemporary introduction / 
AMC muscle cars / 
Henry Hudson / 
Beyond the moon : a golden age of planetary exploration, 1971-1978 / 
Into outer space / 
Juan Ponce de Leon / 
What it meant to be modern : Seattle art at mid-century / 
Canals / 
Remediation in rock masses / 
Hydraulic modeling : concepts and practice / 
Medical Spanish in pediatrics : an instant translator / 
In the traces : railroad paintings of Ted Rose / 
Prolog programming for artificial intelligence / 
The Maya diaspora : Guatemalan roots, new American lives / 
God's plan for our good : Romans 8:28 / 
The boyfriend clinic : the final word on flirting, dating, guys, and love / 
Loving obedience / 
Real essays for college & grad school / 
Organizing bodies : policy, institutions, and work / 
The Middle East between the great powers : Anglo-American conflict and cooperation, 1952-7 / 
An undergrowth of folly : public order, race anxiety, and the 1903 Evansville, Indiana riot / 
Preparing teachers for National Board certification : a facilitator's guide / 
Educational psychology : windows on classrooms / 
Humour and irony in Kierkegaard's thought / 
The new world order : contrasting theories / 
The structure and interpretation of imperatives : mood and force in universal grammar / 
Bridges / 
Tunnels / 
Protein kinase protocols / 
Time-tested plants : thirty years in a four-season garden / 
Cats on quilts / 
Nonlinear science at the dawn of the 21st century / 
A practical handbook of speech coders / 
Microsoft FrontPage 2000 : designing for the Web / 
The circulatory system / 
The digestive system / 
The end of theology / 
Earth Day / 
The complete book of the Summer Olympics / 
Feathered dinosaurs / 
Physical therapist examination review / 
Storytime crafts for kids / 
Linux security toolkit / 
Design professionals and the built environment : an introduction / 
The world of mathematics / 
Project Gemini / 
Michael Faraday : physics and faith / 
Triumph on Everest : a photobiography of Sir Edmund Hillary / 
Project Mercury / 
Pioneers of geology : discovering Earth's secrets / 
A mouse's life / 
Extinct! : creatures of the past / 
Arnold O. Beckman : one hundred years of excellence / 
Over the rainbow / 
A way to victory : 
A small, good thing : stories of children with HIV and those who care for them / 
Sexual harassment as an ethical issue in academic life / 
The yod book : including a complete discussion of unaspected planets / 
Don't fall apart on Saturdays! : the children's divorce-survival book / 
The rights of children in separation and divorce : the essential handbook for parents / 
The Piikani Blackfeet : a culture under siege / 
I am here / 
The price of doubt / 
Prismatic metropolis : inequality in Los Angeles / 
Sustaining the new economy : work, family, and community in the information age / 
Crisis of the European subject / 
African women and feminism : reflecting on the politics of sisterhood / 
Effective programs for Latino students : 
Becoming a family : parents' stories and their implications for practice, policy, and research / 
I don't want to talk about it / 
Interactive teaming : enhancing programs for students with special needs / 
Play and child development / 
Sport in contemporary society : an anthology / 
Essential waterskiing for teens / 
The ten gifts / 
Derek Jeter / 
Hamsters & gerbils / 
Rats & mice / 
Guinea pig / 
Puppy / 
Kitten / 
Rabbit / 
Ships / 
Stars and planets / 
Dinosaur / 
Inventions / 
The Kingfisher illustrated animal encyclopedia / 
Art fraud detective / 
The Kingfisher book of evolution / 
Munch! crunch! what's for lunch? / 
Bump! thump! how do we jump? / 
Unspeakable losses : healing from miscarriage, abortion, and other pregnancy loss / 
Adobe InDesign : advanced electronic mechanicals / 
Anderson's Business law & the regulatory environment : principles & cases / 
The self-altering process : exploring the dynamic nature of lifestyle development and change / 
Sociology of religion : an historical introduction / 
Business law : principles and cases in the legal environment / 
Concepts and procedures in whistleblower law / 
The new financial architecture : banking regulation in the 21st century / 
My weeds : a gardener's botany / 
Indigenous land management in West Africa : an environmental balancing act / 
Pueblo / 
Electromagnetic fields in unconventional materials and structures / 
Recent advances and issues in biology / 
Triumph Bonneville and TR6 / 
Vitamins in animal and human nutrition / 
100 proof : tips and tales for spirited drinkers everywhere / 
The White House : its historic furnishings and first families / 
The cellular radio handbook : a reference for cellular system operation / 
Project Apollo / 
Artificial satellites / 
Minnesota in our time : a photographic portrait / 
Martial arts : mind & body / 
Montréal : the quest for a metropolis / 
EIGRP for IP : basic operation and configuration / 
Windows 2000 server : management and control / 
QAYAQ : kayaks of Alaska and Siberia / 
Instant ASP components / 
Circulating nucleic acids in plasma or serum / 
TypeSense : making sense of type on the computer / 
Microsoft Exchange 2000 Server administrator's companion / 
Evolutionary developmental biology of the cerebral cortex / 
Blackjack strategy : tips and techniques for beating the odds / 
Business data communications and networking / 
Lyle price guide to uncommon antiques and oddities / 
Classical and statistical thermodynamics / 
Bodies of meaning : studies on language, labor, and liberation / 
The 5 love needs of men & women / 
People who shaped the church : 20th century / 
Place of passage : contemporary Catholic poetry / 
Minor league baseball standings : all North American leagues, through 1999 / 
The McFarland baseball quotations dictionary / 
Plato's Socrates as educator / 
The cultural construction of international relations : the invention of the state of nature / 
French defence policy into the twenty-first century / 
Towards a European nationality : citizenship, immigration, and nationality law in the EU / 
Probability moon / 
Eggs in one basket / 
A journey into the fourth dimension : the lasting legacy of Derek Saul / 
Theory of the novel : a historical approach / 
Theodore hugs the coast / 
Troublemaker / 
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture / 
The Beach Club / 
Tartabull's throw  / 
The truth about rats, rules, and seventh grade / 
Our enduring values : librarianship in the 21st century / 
Essentials of public speaking / 
The strange creatures of Dr. Korbo / 
Inferno : the firebombing of Japan, March 9-August 15, 1945 / 
On Bear Mountain : a novel / 
The United States in Honduras, 1980-1981 : an ambassador's memoir / 
Origins of the welfare state / 
Enlightenment and genocide, contradictions of modernity / 
Male to male : sexual feelings across the boundaries of identity / 
Survey of economics / 
Organization theory and design / 
True summit : what really happened on the legendary ascent of Annapurna / 
Dubuque yoga / 
The perception of the environment : essays on livelihood, dwelling & skill / 
Smoke and mirrors : the hidden context of violence in schools and society / 
Busy, busy Moose / 
The Running times guide to breakthrough running / 
The "Get well soon" book : good wishes for bad times / 
The white dragon of Sharnu / 
Library services for open and distance learning : the third annotated bibliography / 
Argentina / 
Leon Trotsky and World War One : August 1914-February 1917 / 
Media/impact : an introduction to mass media / 
Biscuit wants to play / 
The book of camping knots / 
Competing for capital : Europe and North America in a global era / 
American furniture : understanding styles, construction, and quality / 
The Monitor chronicles : one sailor's account : today's campaign to recover the Civil War wreck / 
Gene Marshall : girl star / 
Ice and the earth / 
The Madonna complex / 
Half-moon scar / 
A ghost of a chance / 
Blue Rabbit and the runaway wheel / 
James Bond : the secret world of 007 / 
A Writer's country : a collection of fiction and poetry / 
Encyclopedia of artists / 
Restaurant management : customers, operations, and employees / 
The riddles of Jesus in John : a study in tradition and folklore / 
Challenges of the third age : meaning and purpose in later life / 
The way forward is with a broken heart / 
Concordance to the letters of Emily Dickinson / 
Colorado museums and historic sites / 
Cuba's foreign relations in a post-Soviet world / 
The pastor's playbook : coaching your team for ministry / 
Read to me : raising kids who love to read / 
Cuba, the elusive nation : interpretations of national identity / 
Feeding the eye : essays / 
Even in Sweden : racisms, racialized spaces, and the popular geographical imagination / 
In perpetual motion : theories of power, educational history, and the child / 
Hugs for those in love : stories, sayings, and scriptures to encourage and inspire the -- / 
Learning how to appreciate differences / 
When you can't say "I forgive you" : breaking the bonds of anger and hurt / 
Woman of grace / 
Workers' compensation law : cases, materials, and text / 
Romantic days and nights in Vancouver : romantic diversions in and around the city / 
The best of Frank Deford : I'm just getting started / 
Congressional abdication on war and spending / 
The Girls' Life guide to growing up / 
The everything online business book : use the Internet to build your business / 
Latter days : a guided tour through six billion years of Mormonism / 
Lead to succeed : the ten traits of great leadership in business and life / 
Congress volume : Oslo 1998 / 
Professionals : magnates, entrepreneurs, career women / 
Engaging minds : learning and teaching in a complex world / 
A gathering of rivers : Indians, Métis, and mining in the Western Great Lakes, 1737-1832 / 
Speaking of crime : narratives of prisoners / 
Later life : the realities of aging / 
The new idea factory : expanding technology companies with university intellectual capital / 
Physical evidence in forensic science / 
Between politics and markets : firms, competition, and institutional change in post-Mao China / 
The young zillionaire's guide to buying goods and services / 
Engraved on your heart : living the Ten commandments day by day / 
No trace of Christmas? : discovering Advent in the Old Testament / 
Law and economics in developing countries / 
The American legislative process : Congress and the states / 
Holy Spirit : the boundless energy of God / 
Mountaineering adventures / 
The national co-ordination of EU policy: 
Visible Islam in modern Turkey / 
Mia Hamm : soccer superstar / 
Dreams and visions : understanding your dreams and how God can use them to speak to you today / 
Imposture utopique et procè colonial : Denis Veiras--Robert Challe / 
Some kids are deaf / 
Some kids use wheelchairs / 
Call center benchmarking : how good is "good enough" / 
An intelligent person's guide to modern culture / 
Soul food : inspirational stories for African Americans / 
Structured psychotherapy groups for sexually abused children and adolescents / 
Pastoral care emergencies / 
Quakers and the arts : "plain and fancy", an Anglo-American perspective / 
I want to see Jesus in a new light : healing reflections for people of all faiths / 
Understanding the human volcano : what teens can do about violence / 
Currency crises : a perspective on recent theoretical developments / 
Brett Favre / 
Everyday thinking : memory, reasoning, and judgment in the real world / 
Women who made a scene : heroines, villainesses, eccentrices / 
The Six Sigma way : how GE, Motorola, and other top companies are honing their performance / 
Time : perspectives at the millennium (the study of Time X) / 
Dancing with words : signing for hearing children's literacy / 
Group psychotherapy for psychological trauma / 
Globalization and education : integration and contestation across cultures / 
Bullying Bonn : Anglo-German diplomacy on European integration, 1955-61 / 
Best practice occupational therapy : in community service with children and families / 
Construction contracts / 
The new woman in fiction and in fact : fin de siècle feminisms / 
Enlightenment geography : the political languages of British geography, 1650-1850 / 
Fighter's fact book / 
The origins of Irish convict transportation to New South Wales / 
Living love / 
Life skills for girls / 
Russia and Europe : conflict or cooperation? / 
Justice & nature : Kantian philosophy, environmental policy & the law / 
Shaping the moral life : an approach to moral theology / 
Service quality management in hospitality, tourism, and leisure / 
Nymphomania : a history / 
Reconstructing the common good in education : coping with intractable American dilemmas / 
Between Mecca and Beijing : modernization and consumption among urban Chinese Muslims / 
What motivates bureaucrats? : politics and administration during the Reagan years / 
Whose Freud? : the place of psychoanalysis in contemporary culture / 
The edge resume and job search strategy / 
Steadfast love / 
Privatization and corporate control in the Czech Republic / 
Life skills for guys / 
Finding rest when the work is never done / 
Who am I? : the 16 basic desires that motivate our behavior and define our personality / 
Mary Wollstonecraft : mother of women's rights / 
The Cold War : a history in documents / 
Protestants in America / 
The art of thinking : a guide to critical and creative thought / 
The silk road : a novel / 
Coming out : a handbook for men / 
Watching the wind : conflict resolution during South Africa's transition to democracy / 
Caddie sense : revelations of a PGA Tour caddie on playing the game of golf / 
Practical approaches for teaching reading and writing in middle schools / 
Bowling alone : the collapse and revival of American community / 
Everett Dirksen and his presidents : how a Senate giant shaped American politics / 
Peoples versus states : minorities at risk in the new century / 
Burundi on the brink, 1993-95 : a UN special envoy reflects on preventive diplomacy / 
Congo-Paris : transnational traders on the margins of the law / 
Psychology / 
A place like any other : Sabbath blessings / 
Early childhood development and its variations / 
Mammals : 
Foreign attachments : the power of ethnic groups in the making of American foreign policy / 
Learning group leadership : an experiential approach / 
Making tough decisions : working through hard choices / 
International financial management / 
Financial accounting / 
Is apartheid really dead? : Pan Africanist working class cultural critical perspectives / 
Famous first bubbles : the fundamentals of early manias / 
Devotions from the world of music / 
Headhunters confidential : 125 insider secrets to landing your dream job / 
How Noah knew what to do / 
Closet space : geographies of metaphor from the body to the globe / 
Family foster care in the next century / 
Great expectations : an interactive guide to your first year of marriage / 
Benchmarking the performance of workers' compensation systems. CompScope multistate comparisons / 
Political concepts and political theories / 
The essence of COM : a programmer's workbook / 
Skewer it! : 50 recipes for stylish entertaining / 
The management of police specialized tactical units / 
Developing youth soccer players / 
Tigers / 
Principles of molecular regulation / 
The secret lives of fishermen : more outdoor essays / 
Shape and structure, from engineering to nature / 
Nonlinear solid mechanics : a continuum approach for engineering / 
Contextual test of articulation / 
Data-driven methods for fault detection and diagnosis in chemical processes / 
Greene on greens & grains / 
An introduction to hot laser plasma physics / 
What's cooking. Mediterranean / 
A handbook of statistical analyses using Stata / 
Ethnic and national issues in Russian and East European history / 
Anatomies : a novella and stories / 
Pacific Coast highway : traveler's guide / 
Sex and shopping : the confessions of a nice Jewish girl : an autobiography / 
The love bug and other tales of psychotherapy / 
Risk management : approaches for fixed income markets / 
Breaking the cost barrier : a proven approach to managing and implementing lean manufacturing / 
On time within budget : software project management practices and techniques / 
Information tectonics : space, place, and technology in an electronic age / 
Modeling in geomechanics / 
Reservoir stimulation / 
Rocket propulsion elements / 
Practical strategies for experimenting / 
Family therapy : concepts, process, and practice / 
Muffler men / 
Charles M. Schulz : conversations / 
Falling through space : 
Shaping our mothers' world : American women's magazines / 
The films of Martin Ritt : fanfare for the common man  / 
Chickenpox / 
Attention deficit disorder / 
What are they saying about the parables? / 
Teens on trial : young people who challenged the law-- and changed your life / 
Crisis and leadership / 
At the edge of the state : indigenous peoples and self-determination / 
Mary Wollstonecraft : a revolutionary life / 
The browser's ecstasy : a meditation on reading / 
A dinosaur's day / 
For kirk & covenant : the stalwart courage of John Knox / 
The living commandments / 
Pinocchio / 
Atlantis : the lost city / 
The Hindenburg / 
Mediterranean diets / 
Cigarette smoking and the kidney / 
Childhood experiences of domestic violence / 
Hospitality marketing management / 
Farallon : shipwreck and survival on the Alaska shore / 
Your own two feet (and how to stand on them) : surviving and thriving after graduation / 
Working it out : a troubleshooting guide for writers / 
Drugs and society / 
Essential sculling / 
Bamboo swaying in the wind : a survivor's story of faith and imprisonment in Communist China / 
Canada observed : perspectives from abroad and from within / 
A dialogic reading of The Steward parable (Luke 16:1-9) / 
The brothers / 
Mental health and psychiatric nursing / 
Primary care medicine : office evaluation and management of the adult patient / 
Principles and practice of orthopaedic sports medicine / 
Grossman's cardiac catheterization, angiography, and intervention / 
Regulating public procurement : national and international perspectives / 
Volunteering to help in your neighborhood / 
The Dorling Kindersley book of nursery rhymes / 
Becoming colleagues : women and men serving together in faith / 
Unknowne land / 
The philosophy of medicine : framing the field / 
The healing traditions & spiritual practices of Wicca / 
The economics and econometrics of innovation / 
Introduction to aviation insurance and risk management / 
Julia Roberts / 
Mr. Cool / 
Antarctic adventure : exploring the frozen South / 
Search games and other applications of game theory / 
Cadres and corruption : the organizational involution of the Chinese Communist Party / 
The evolution of the aging self : the societal impact on the aging process / 
Aging in East and West : families, states, and the elderly / 
Comparative treatments for eating disorders / 
You're too kind : a brief history of flattery  / 
The real Clarence Thomas : confirmation veracity meets performance reality / 
Bananas : an American history / 
Patents for beginners / 
Cognitive-behavioral group therapy for specific problems and populations / 
After the leap : growing in Christ : the basics of discipleship / 
Electronic and software patents : law and practice / 
A yen for real estate : Japanese real estate investment abroad--from boom to bust / 
Temporal deixis of the Greek verb in the Gospel of Mark with reference to verbal aspect / 
Relationships among Asian American women / 
A guide to international monetary economics : exchange rate theories, systems, and policies / 
The Indian territory journals of Colonel Richard Irving Dodge / 
Sammy Sosa / 
Homework help on the Internet / 
The nudist on the late shift / 
Creative problem solving : what's a better way? / 
Modernity's wager : authority, the self, and transcendence / 
Three critics of the Enlightenment : Vico, Hamann, Herder / 
The better man : a novel / 
Purpose and process : a reader for writers / 
More than a hero : Muhammad Ali's life lessons presented through his daughter's eyes / 
Electric circuit analysis / 
Automotive refinishing / 
Ecosystem dynamics of the boreal forest : the Kluane project / 
Basic communication skills for technology / 
Motherhood and sexuality / 
Neither God nor devil : rethinking our perception of wolves / 
Tundra Passages : history and gender in the Russian Far East / 
Conscience and other virtues : from Bonaventure to MacIntyre / 
Dream back your life : a practical guide to dreams, daydreams, and fantasies / 
This is your time : make every moment count / 
Raising a Christian daughter in an mtv world / 
Glenn Dickey's 49ers : the rise, fall, and rebirth of the NFL's greatest dynasty / 
African women and children : crisis and response / 
Raskolnikov's rebirth : psychology and the understanding of good and evil / 
The illustrated history of the world / 
Internetworking with TCP/IP / 
Perilous memories : the Asia-Pacific War(s) / 
Agrarian environments : resources, representations, and rule in India / 
Tupac Shakur / 
Systems modeling for business process improvement / 
Trace elements in man and animals 10 / 
Human development : a life-span approach / 
What's cooking : Mexican  / 
Elaine and Bill, portrait of a marriage : the lives of Willem and Elaine de Kooning / 
Introduction to transportation systems / 
Internet Bible / 
Telephone switching systems / 
Arab dress : a short history : from the dawn of Islam to modern times / 
CDMA mobile radio design / 
Advanced organic chemistry / 
Making contemporary wooden tables : 18 elegant projects from designer-craftsmen / 
Orangutan : habitats, life cycles, food chains, threats / 
Dolphin : habitats, life cycles, food chains, threats / 
The guide to Yellowstone waterfalls and their discovery / 
Brigham Young : images of a Mormon prophet / 
Terrell Davis : superstar running back / 
Madeleine Albright and the new American diplomacy / 
Studying literature : new approaches to poetry and fiction / 
Composing critical pedagogies : teaching writing as revision / 
Hegel and aesthetics / 
Solid gold : gymnastic stars / 
Inside figure skating  / 
Retail impact assessment : a guide to best practice / 
INSET for NQTs : an in-school course for teachers in the primary school / 
Oriental watercolor techniques : for contemporary painting / 
Chebyshev and Fourier spectral methods / 
The blood of strangers  : stories from emergency medicine / 
Strategy and force planning / 
Soft computing in industrial applications / 
Reservoir formation damage : fundamentals, modeling, assessment, and mitigation / 
The ecstatic journey : Athanasius Kircher in Baroque Rome / 
The arts of Japan : an international symposium :  / 
Let the art of medicine flourish : the centennial history of the Rochester Academy of Medicine / 
Learning mathematics for a new century / 
Natural adventures in the mountains of north Georgia / 
The nature of mathematics / 
Qualitative research proposals and reports : a guide / 
The soul as healer : lessons in affirmation, visualization, and inner power / 
Papal elections in the age of transition, 1878-1922 / 
What men owe to women : men's voices from world religions / 
Auditing and assurance services / 
Heat kernel and quantum gravity / 
The formation of the book of Jeremiah : doublets and recurring phrases / 
Oracle SQL interactive workbook / 
Blueback / 
Network algebra / 
Garden of orthodontics / 
Developmental biology / 
The world's fastest cars / 
Learning and soft computing : support vector machines, neural networks, and fuzzy logic models / 
Core C++ : a software engineering approach / 
Cancer diagnosis : what to do next / 
Analysis of pretest-posttest designs / 
1,001 secret money saving formulas / 
The Columbia gazetteer of North America / 
Options for leak and break detection and repair for drinking water systems / 
Wisconsin lighthouses : a photographic & historical guide / 
The common cold / 
Headaches / 
When topology meets chemistry : a topological look at molecular chirality / 
Day trade futures online / 
Missing stories : an oral history of ethnic and minority groups in Utah / 
Joy breaks for couples : devotions to celebrate marriage / 
The eternal summer : Palmer, Nicklaus, and Hogan in 1960, golf's golden year / 
Content area literacy : interactive teaching for active learning / 
Exploration warehousing : turning business information into business opportunity / 
Poems of nation, anthems of empire : English verse in the long eighteenth century / 
Vanishing acts : theater since the sixties / 
Class and party in American politics / 
Research methods / 
On the way to Bethlehem : reflections on Christmas for every day in Advent / 
Investing in Africa : an insiders guide to the ultimate emerging market / 
Noodles : the new way / 
Social welfare development in East Asia / 
Grievance guide / 
Big Bird and beyond : the new media and the Markle Foundation / 
Bringing the story home : the complete guide to storytelling for parents / 
Value and the good life / 
State and local politics : 
Small talk / 
Distance writing and computer-assisted interventions in psychiatry and mental health / 
Cars / 
Planes / 
The catechumenate answer book / 
The hour of the furnaces / 
The picture wagon : a children's historical novel / 
The wings of Merlin / 
Enterprise resource planning systems : systems, life cycle, electronic commerce, and risk / 
Polarization, alignment, and orientation in atomic collisions / 
Leonardo da Vinci--the complete paintings / 
Developing solutions with Office 2000 components and VBA / 
Life as an Army demolition expert / 
Spanish decorative ironwork : with over 300 illustrations / 
North America / 
Antarctica / 
Australia / 
The Wish Master / 
Watcher in the piney woods / 
Touch magic : fantasy, faerie & folklore in the literature of childhood / 
Newburyport : stories from the waterside / 
Henry Huggins / 
The story of George Washington / 
Hitler and Nazism / 
Casual Rex : a novel / 
Prejudice and the old politics : the presidential election of 1928 / 
The settlement of the Americas : a new prehistory / 
How writers work : finding a process that works for you / 
Girls : ordinary girls and their extraordinary pursuits / 
Jesse Jackson / 
Picturing Lincoln : famous photographs that popularized the president / 
Foreword to the past : a cultural history of the Baltic people / 
Hats in the ring : an illustrated history of American presidential campaigns / 
X-presidents / 
Growing herbs from seed, cutting & root : an adventure in small miracles / 
Betty Crocker's cookbook : 
The human side of cancer : living with hope, coping with uncertainty / 
Growing wings / 
The courtship / 
Death rides the Denver stage : a western story / 
Thunder city / 
Fortune's daughter / 
Martin Bauman, or, A sure thing / 
Broken wings / 
Women's health care : clinical vignettes  / 
Tumor suppressor genes in human cancer / 
Pediatric surgery secrets / 
Handbook of antihypertensive therapy / 
Protein structure prediction : methods and protocols / 
Angiotensin protocols / 
Voiding dysfunction : diagnosis and treatment / 
Angel bites the bullet / 
When I was older / 
Mrs. Jeffries takes the stage / 
Fighting poverty with virtue : moral reform and America's urban poor, 1825-2000 / 
Force of imagination : the sense of the elemental / 
Miracles around us / 
Jewish mothers tell their stories : acts of love and courage / 
The Rumpelstiltskin problem / 
The coming global superstorm / 
1919 / 
It's always something / 
Women circling the earth : a guide to fostering community, healing, and empowerment / 
Trademark law / 
Another American century? : the United States and the world after 2000 / 
Fuel for change : World Bank energy policy - rhetoric and reality / 
Colossians and Ephesians / 
The inheritor's handbook : a definitive guide for beneficiaries / 
Videos in psychology : a resource directory / 
Pas de deux : a textbook on partnering / 
A guide to Heidegger's Being and time / 
The complete book of business success / 
Technology and the logic of American racism : a cultural history of the body as evidence / 
Celtic theology : humanity, world, and God in early Irish writings / 
The demands of citizenship / 
Walking Seattle / 
FLUX : women on sex, work, kids, love and life in a half-changed world / 
Crime prevention : approaches, practices, and evaluations / 
Kosovo : lessons learned for international cooperative security / 
Ethics in technical communication : a critique and synthesis / 
Notable twentieth-century Latin American women : a biographical dictionary / 
Women's rights : a global view / 
Social work : a profession of many faces / 
Genre terms for law materials : a thesaurus / 
Bears / 
The bigger bang / 
Super structures / 
Advances in large margin classifiers / 
Animal experimentation : a guide to the issues / 
Destination--deep sea / 
Event-cities 2 / 
Mystery on Everest : a photobiography of George Mallory / 
Mass transport in solids and fluids / 
The new success rules for women / 
Organizational behavior : an experiential approach / 
Geophysics in the affairs of mankind : 
Death, taxes, and leaky waders : a John Gierach fly-fishing treasury / 
The body clock guide to better health / 
Buying and maintaining personal computers : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians / 
Lady of horses / 
Developing global business leaders : policies, processes, and innovations / 
Specialty retailers : marketing triumphs and blunders / 
Prosperity for all? : the economic boom and African Americans / 
Recovering the Black female body : self-representations by African American women / 
John F. Kennedy, Jr. / 
Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address : four score and more / 
Jack's time machine / 
Calculating God / 
Snow and people / 
Man against nature : firsthand accounts of adventure and exploration / 
Prairie wetland ecology : the contribution of the Marsh Ecology Research Program / 
F-105 Thunderchief : workhorse of the Vietnam War / 
Mysteries of the mind / 
Singularities of plane curves / 
My baby / 
Chimera / 
The children of Buchenwald : child survivors of the Holocaust and their post-war lives / 
Fox on the Rhine / 
Pacific destiny : the three-century journey to the Oregon country / 
Death Valley : a Jack Prester mystery / 
Kubrick / 
Forests of the heart / 
The desire to communicate : reconsidering John Ashbery and the visual arts / 
The flip side of sin : a novel / 
My last martini : stories / 
I was Carlos Castaneda : the afterlife dialogues / 
The Pied Piper's poison / 
Ned's rainbow / 
Quality ESL programs : an administrator's guide / 
Pocket guide to technical writing / 
Nory Ryan's song / 
Understanding Chinese society / 
The Korean War : the West confronts communism / 
The working mother book of time : how to take it, make it, save it, and savor it / 
New perspectives on narrative perspective / 
Radio in the global age / 
PCS to corporate America : from military tactics to corporate interviewing strategy / 
Chronicle of a pharaoh : the intimate life of Amenhotep III / 
Imperial Israel and the Palestinians : the politics of expansion / 
Hoofprint of the ox : principles of the Chan Buddhist path as taught by a modern Chinese Master / 
Nothing but the truth : an anthology of Native American literature / 
Forty-two lives in treatment : a study of psychoanalysis and psychotherapy / 
Fairbairn and the origins of object relations / 
Mother, madonna, whore : the idealization and denigration of motherhood / 
Hidden faults : recognizing and resolving therapeutic disjunctions / 
Lost for words : the psychoanalysis of anorexia and bulimia / 
Some kids are blind / 
Moonpie and Ivy / 
New insights in Germanic linguistics II / 
Chris Farley / 
Glastonbury Abbey and the Arthurian tradition / 
The Little Spokane : poems / 
Dreamside / 
Liberty's excess : fictions / 
Owen Foote, money man / 
The twentieth-century world : an international history / 
Failure is not an option : mission control from Mercury to Apollo 13 and beyond / 
Seasons of central Pennsylvania : a cookbook / 
A-Z of modern Europe since 1789 / 
Bat ode / 
Wild angel / 
Ghost horses / 
Colin's campus : Cambridge life and the English eclogue / 
A widow, a chihuahua, and Harry Truman : a story of love, loss, and love again / 
Lone Voyager : the extraordinary adventures of Howard Blackburn, hero fisherman of Gloucester / 
Defy the darkness : a tale of courage in the shadow of Mengele / 
Car rides / 
Cold days / 
Cloudy days / 
Blue horizons / 
Prosody and focus in European Portuguese : phonological phrasing and intonation / 
Guns of freedom : a western duo / 
Excellence in library services to young adults : the nation's top programs / 
Sammy : an autobiography : with material newly revised from Yes I can and Why me / 
Blood of the liberals / 
Mysteries of Paris : the quest for Morton Fullerton / 
Subject without nation : Robert Musil and the history of modern identity / 
International biographical directory of national archivists, documentalists, and librarians / 
Pennsylvania Dutch Night before Christmas / 
The winter's tale / 
Europe in 1848 : revolution and reform / 
Shedding light on the darkness : a guide to teaching the Holocaust / 
Gold Rush : hands-on projects about mining the riches of California / 
Faulkner at 100 : retrospect and prospect / 
Microhardness of polymers / 
Introduction to the replica theory of disordered statistical systems / 
The self-portraits of Francisco Goya / 
Shitao : painting and modernity in early Qing China / 
Software radio architecture : object-oriented approaches to wireless systems engineering / 
Classic fishing lures and tackle : an entertaining history of collectible fishing gear / 
Primer of applied regression & analysis of variance / 
Accidental Ambassador Gordo : the comic strip art of Gus Arriola / 
Ireland and the classical world / 
The boy who cried Bigfoot / 
Kissing the bread : new & selected poems, 1969-1999 / 
Contested power in Angola, 1840s to the present / 
False papers / 
Out of the blue / 
Paul : a man of two worlds / 
The path to Bodhidharma : the teachings of Shodo Harada Roshi / 
The world's best places : classroom explorations in geography & environmental science / 
Poems for Christmas : expressions of joy / 
New Indian home cooking : more than 100 delicious nutritional, and easy low-fat recipes! / 
The future of terrorism / 
Nonlinear biomedical signal processing / 
International business : competing in the global marketplace : postscript 2001 / 
Multimedia literacy / 
Employment law for business / 
Managing the global corporation : case studies in strategy and management / 
Introduction to information systems project management / 
Trial : the inside story / 
Accounting : an international perspective / 
Intermediate accounting / 
Look with the heart / 
Restless obsession / 
The graveyard game / 
America's forgotten majority : why the white working class still matters / 
Design and selection of performance surfactants / 
The vow : the Kim & Krickett [sic] story / 
Black candle : poems about women from India, Pakistan, and Bangaladesh / 
Leaf development and canopy growth / 
The carbonic anhydrases : new horizons / 
Focus on early childhood : principles and realities / 
Growing up together / 
Air show / 
Taxation and the limits of government / 
Trains across the continent : North American Railroad history / 
Curriculum studies : the reconceptualization / 
Roses from the ashes : breakup and rebirth in Pacific Coast intercollegiate athletics / 
Cisco network design handbook / 
The treasures and pleasures of Hong Kong : best of the best / 
Israel : an illustrated history / 
Coffeehouse theology / 
The Lord is my shepherd / 
Where the grass is always greener : insight and inspiration from the fairway / 
Double trouble : Bill Clinton and Elvis Presley in a land of no alternatives / 
Longhouse / 
Excess face height malocclusion : etiology, diagnosis, and treatment / 
Principles of esthetic integration / 
Overseas Chinese entrepreneurship and capitalist development in Southeast Asia / 
Beyond rights talk and culture talk : comparative essays on the politics of rights and culture / 
Security and identity in Europe : exploring the new agenda / 
Negotiating India in the nineteenth century media / 
The making of modern Switzerland, 1848-1998 / 
British television drama : past, present, and future / 
Democracy, authoritarianism and education : a cross-national empirical survey / 
Working women and state policies in Taiwan : a study in political economy / 
Financial competition, risk and accountability : British and German experiences / 
Caring capitalism : a new middle class base for the welfare state / 
Philosophical and ethical problems in mental handicap / 
Policy regimes and industrial competitiveness : a comparative study of East Asia and India / 
Agriculture and politics in England, 1815-1939 / 
The Labour Party : a centenary history / 
The hard detective / 
Oil and gas in the Causasus & Caspian : a history / 
Armistice, 1918 / 
Theoreticians and builders : mathematicians, physical scientists, inventors / 
The war in the trenches / 
Foxy forever : how to be foxy at fifty, sexy at sixty, and fabulous forever / 
Artful dodging : painless techniques for avoiding anyone anytime / 
The systems thinking approach to strategic planning and management / 
Oskar Schindler : righteous gentile / 
After postcolonialism : remapping Philippines-United States confrontations / 
Fantasy girls : gender in the new universe of science fiction and fantasy television / 
Games girls play : understanding and guiding young female athletes / 
All roads lead to October : Boss Steinbrenner's 25-year reign over the New York Yankees / 
Law school confidential : the complete law school survival guide : by students, for students / 
Nearer than the sky : a novel / 
20 secrets to money and independence : the DollarDiva's guide to life / 
Rattle his bones : a Daisy Dalrymple mystery / 
Carp fishing on valium and other tales of the stranger road traveled / 
Jackie : her life in pictures / 
A bonfire in the sky : a novel / 
Lives of moral leadership / 
Wicked is the wind : a Jeffrey Devereaux-Kirsten Eriksson novel / 
Dead in their sights : an Edie Koslow-Tony Del Plato mystery / 
Jumpin' Jim Crow : southern politics from Civil War to civil rights / 
An English-French dictionary of clipped words / 
The voice of the past : oral history / 
The longevity code : your personal prescription for a longer, sweeter life / 
The sonnets / 
Schumann / 
Muslim-Christian perceptions of dialogue today : experiences and expectations / 
The most learned of the Shiʻa : the institution of the Marjaʻ taqlid / 
Jewish enlightenment in an English key : Anglo-Jewry's construction of modern Jewish thought / 
Sexual politics and social control / 
The rise of mass literacy : reading and writing in modern Europe / 
Choosing schools : consumer choice and the quality of American schools / 
Cooperation and competition in a common market : studies on the formation of MERCOSUR / 
Visual Basic 6 programming : business applications with a design perspective / 
Principles of marketing / 
Managing human resources / 
Fundamentals of ethics for scientists and engineers / 
Three mothers, three daughters : Palestinian women's stories / 
Digital signal processing : spectral computation and filter design / 
Engineers and their profession / 
Under Copp's Hill / 
Woman's law / 
Change me into Zeus's daughter : a memoir / 
Breaking down the digital walls : learning to teach in a post-modem world / 
Marketing management : cases for creative problem solving / 
Roads : driving America's great highways / 
Big business, the State, and free trade : constructing coalitions in Mexico / 
Ready, willing & available : how God uses ordinary people to accomplish His purposes / 
God's answers for life's needs / 
The incredible four-year adventure : finding real faith, fun, and friendship at college / 
Injury control : a guide to research and program evaluation / 
Holy invitations : exploring spiritual direction / 
Shakespeare's Ovid : the Metamorphoses in the plays and poems / 
Timon of Athens / 
Fictions of identity in medieval France / 
Eat at Joe's : the Joe's Stone Crab Restaurant cookbook / 
Image analysis : methods and applications / 
The Beatles, the Bible, and Bodega Bay : my long and winding road / 
Music theory and natural order from the Renaissance to the early twentieth century / 
Everything you think you know about politics-- and why you're wrong / 
Thoreau as spiritual guide : a companion to Walden for personal reflection and group discussion / 
Love : a novel / 
I spy extreme challenger : a book of picture riddles / 
The human tradition in antebellum America / 
The presentation and settlement of contractors' claims / 
A guide to happy family cooking : learning to let kids get in your way! / 
Ethics from Sinai : a wide-ranging commentary on Pirkei Avos / 
Love is a fire : the Sufi's mystical journey home / 
New carbons : control of structure and functions / 
Tideland : a novel / 
Snow and the earth / 
The palace of tears / 
A girl named Zippy : growing up small in Mooreland, Indiana / 
Peculiar, Uncertain & Two Egg : the unusual origins of more than 3,000 American place names / 
Portland from the air / 
Wedded to the land? : gender, boundaries, and nationalism in crisis / 
The Columbia encyclopedia / 
The jogger by the sea / 
The first American : the life and times of Benjamin Franklin / 
Best plays of the early American theatre, 1787-1911 / 
Animist / 
The running mate : a novel / 
A sweet and glorious land : revisiting the Ionian Sea / 
Naked as Eve : poems / 
The Harold letters, 1928-1943 : the making of an American intellectual / 
The death of character : moral education in an age without good or evil / 
Science and selection : essays on biological evolution and the philosophy of science / 
Brain plague / 
The farseekers / 
Windows 2000 professional advanced configuration and implementation / 
Canoma visual insight / 
Principles of biostatistics / 
Tanks : the M1A1 Abrams / 
Dolls / 
Triangles / 
The snow queen / 
Computer design and architecture / 
Fire retardancy of polymeric materials / 
Woods and meadows / 
Geoenvironmental engineering : principles and applications / 
All year round / 
Taiwan Strait dilemmas : China-Taiwan-U.S. policies in the new century / 
Feminist theory : the intellectual traditions / 
Executive coaching : an annotated bibliography / 
Blood & fire : William and Catherine Booth and their Salvation Army / 
The human side of knowledge management : an annotated bibliography / 
Rockland Community College : the early years / 
Humanity wins : a strategy for progress and leadership in times of change / 
Lisa Leslie / 
Chicken run : hatching the movie / 
James Ulmer's Hollywood hot list : 
Caldecott connections to science / 
Sister : the life of legendary American interior decorator Mrs. Henry Parish II / 
Questions & answers to help you pass the real estate exam / 
Texas real estate contracts / 
Our last best shot : guiding our children through early adolescence / 
Edgar Cayce : an American prophet / 
The Thessalonians debate : methodological discord or methodological synthesis? / 
Searching for an adequate God : a dialogue between process and free will theists / 
Intimacy and alienation : forms of estrangement in female/male relationships / 
"G" is for growing : thirty years of research on children and Sesame Street / 
Inspirational classics for Latter-Day Saints / 
Where shall my wond'ring soul begin? : the landscape of evangelical piety and thought / 
Pentecostalism and the future of the Christian churches : promises, limitations, challenges / 
Family violence / 
Roland Terry : master Northwest architect / 
Scroll saw art : realistic pictures in wood / 
Soil erosion : application of physically based models / 
SOMA basics. Garden design / 
Recycled spaces : converting old buildings into new homes / 
SOMA basics. Water features / 
Sliding friction : physical principles and applications / 
Performance evaluation : origins and directions / 
Kubrick's 2001 : a triple allegory / 
The secret Sierra : the alpine world above the trees / 
A woman's guide to sleep : guaranteed solutions for a good night's rest / 
Round-the-world crafts, games & activities / 
Local government innovation : issues and trends in privatization and managed competition / 
Investing in international real estate / 
Modern real estate practice in North Carolina / 
Securing the future : investing in children from birth to college / 
Careers in child care / 
Hulk Hogan : wrestling pro / 
Derek Jeter : baseball's best / 
Pilgrims and Native Americans : hands-on projects about life in early America / 
A wider Europe : the process and politics of European Union enlargement / 
A nation under God : essays on the future of religion in American public life / 
Pure / 
Another beauty / 
Hal and Charlie : the Texas Peterson brothers who risked a fortune for a Hill Country foundation / 
The summoning God / 
The search for the Panchen Lama / 
Love my vitamins / 
Drink more water / 
Eat power proteins / 
Avoid fatty foods / 
Eat carbohydrates that grow / 
Reduced density matrices : Coulson's challenge / 
Space station : accident on Mir / 
Mixing of solids / 
The physics of fullerene-based and fullerene-related materials / 
Boundaries / 
Art Nouveau : 1890-1914 / 
Supercritical fluids : fundamentals and applications / 
The effective crystal field potential / 
Your vintage keepsake : a CSA guide to costume storage and display / 
The backward shift on the Hardy space / 
Sir Edwin Lutyens : designing in the English tradition / 
Parkinson's disease and quality of life / 
Handbook for pharmacy educators : contemporary teaching principles and strategies / 
Core CSS / 
Ecological risk evaluation of polluted soils / 
Behind the postcolonial : architecture, urban space, and political cultures in Indonesia / 
How to draw horses / 
How to draw cars / 
Matter / 
Light and dark / 
Hot and cold / 
The Johns Hopkins complete home encyclopedia of drugs : developed especially for people over 50 / 
How to draw dinosaurs / 
How to draw dogs / 
How to draw cats / 
Forest fires / 
Adsorption on silica surfaces / 
Food analysis by HPLC / 
Surimi and surimi seafood / 
Mechanical and corrosion-resistant properties of plastics and elastomers / 
Another opening, another show : a lively introduction to the theatre / 
Smokeout / 
This is the house that Jack built / 
Three complete novels / 
L.A. dead / 
Ferdinand Tönnies on public opinion : selections and analyses / 
Outstanding stage monologs and scenes from the 90's : professional auditions for student actors / 
City of the cyborgs / 
The green studies reader : from Romanticism to ecocriticism / 
Understanding the industrial revolution / 
Black civil rights in America / 
One degree west : reflections of a plainsdaughter / 
First ladies of the United States : a biographical dictionary / 
Taken for a ride : how Daimler-Benz drove off with Chrysler / 
In the footsteps of Eve : the mystery of human origins / 
Regions of the heart : the triumph and tragedy of Alison Hargreaves / 
Audit cultures : anthropological studies in accountability, ethics, and the academy / 
The making of American resorts : Saratoga Springs, Ballston Spa, Lake George / 
Piero Sraffa : his life, thought, and cultural heritage / 
Strange encounters : embodied others in post-coloniality / 
Geography and the body : exploring fluid boundaries / 
You can control your anger! : 21 ways to do it / 
Circling Dixie : contemporary southern culture through a transatlantic lens / 
The historical film : history and memory in media / 
Bronx accent : a literary and pictorial history of the borough / 
Omerta / 
Memoirs : from grace to grace / 
Victory over the darkness / 
Slovene : a comprehensive grammar / 
Rubin "Hurricane" Carter and the American justice system / 
Daughters of suburbia : growing up white, middle class, and female / 
The implicit relation of psychology and law : women and syndrome evidence / 
Cases and materials on U.S. law and national security / 
When genius failed : the rise and fall of Long-Term Capital Management / 
I love gymnastics! / 
The frailty myth : women approaching physical equality / 
Quickening / 
The new geography : how the digital revolution is reshaping the American landscape / 
Class, race, gender and crime : social realities of justice in America / 
The Protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism / 
Slinky, scaly, slithery snakes / 
Testing Miss Malarkey / 
Municipal solid waste incineration : requirements for a successful project / 
Island of dreams / 
The modern androgyne imagination : a failed sublime / 
Italy anywhere : living an Italian culinary life wherever you call home / 
Spilling open : the art of becoming yourself / 
An eye on the modern century : selected letters of Henry McBride / 
Building cross-cultural competence : how to create wealth from conflicting values / 
Romanization in the time of Augustus / 
My friend is struggling with-- past sexual abuse / 
My friend is struggling with-- thoughts of suicide / 
My friend is struggling with-- unplanned pregnancy / 
Jini : a desktop quick reference / 
For a better world : posters from the United Nations / 
Adult numeracy development : theory, research,  practice / 
Employment in community psychology : the diversity of opportunity / 
Building big / 
Teach yourself Visual Basic 6 / 
The Giuliana legacy : a novel / 
Snowie Rolie / 
Inland architecture : subterranean essays on moral order and formal order in Chicago / 
Welding essentials : questions & answers / 
Precor presents Alberto Salazar, the treadmill training and workout guide / 
How it was : a Vietnam story / 
Readings in ancient Greek philosophy : from Thales to Aristotle / 
A Texas sky / 
Seven secrets women want to know / 
Grateful hearts give thanks / 
Living the questions / 
Child of the promise / 
Cuba / 
Purple death : the mysterious flu of 1918  / 
Megatooth / 
Ten friends / 
Dusty Locks and the three bears / 
Struggling adolescent readers : a collection of teaching strategies / 
Moving forward : a devotional guide for finding hope and peace in the midst of divorce / 
Prereading activities for content area reading and learning / 
The National Association of Base Ball Players, 1857-1870 / 
Assessing students with special needs / 
A course of their own : a history of African American golfers / 
In character : an actor's workbook for character development / 
Speak you also : a survivor's reckoning / 
A phone of our own : the deaf insurrection against Ma Bell / 
A certain slant of light / 
The essential tales of Chekhov / 
The path to the spiders' nests / 
Proteoglycans : structure, biology, and molecular interactions / 
Solid-phase synthesis : a practical guide / 
Forest condition in a changing environment : the Finnish case / 
Waves in dusty space plasmas / 
The glorious foods of Greece : traditional recipes from the islands, cities, and villages / 
Penguin planet : their world, our world / 
Best of the best from California : selected recipes from California's favorite cookbooks / 
Moose / 
Algebra success in 20 minutes a day / 
Elizabeth Blackwell : first woman doctor of modern times / 
Free and low cost software for the PC / 
Louis Pasteur : hunting killer germs / 
eCommerce development. 
Fourier series and boundary value problems / 
Programming Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft Exchange / 
Introducing Microsoft Exchange 2000 Server / 
Bug faces / 
Evolutionary robotics : the biology, intelligence, and technology of self-organizing machines / 
Handbook of VLSI microlithography : principles, technology, and applications / 
Super steam locomotives / 
Classic American semi trucks / 
Closer to truth : challenging current belief / 
Love, sex, and tractors / 
Minneapolis-Moline farm tractors / 
Collective electrodynamics : quantum foundations of electromagnetism / 
The furthest horizon : SF adventures to the far future / 
Name dropping / 
Love, the magician / 
Someone else's child / 
The magazines handbook / 
Spain, 1474-1598 / 
Make me a miracle / 
Up the junction / 
Beacon Street mourning : a Freemont Jones mystery / 
Vampirism : literary tropes of decadence and entropy / 
Roses are red : a novel / 
England's maritime empire : seapower, commerce, and policy, 1490-1690 / 
FDR, the war president, 1940-1943 : a history / 
Women, crime, and criminal justice : original feminist readings / 
Positive alternatives to exclusion / 
This house has fallen : midnight in Nigeria / 
Reviewing basic grammar : a guide to writing sentences and paragraphs / 
The literary relationship of Lord Byron & Thomas Moore / 
Labelled deduction / 
Artificial neural networks in hydrology / 
Basic questions on truth / 
1001, a video odyssey : movies to watch for your every mood / 
Integrating music into the elementary classroom / 
Broken bones / 
Hot days / 
Fasting girls : the history of anorexia nervosa / 
The Great War and the twentieth century / 
Black prisoners and their world, Alabama, 1865-1900 / 
Landscape-gardening / 
Turning the century : essays in media and cultural studies / 
Women celebrating life : honoring the passages of life : a guide to growth & transformation / 
Probiotics 3 : immunomodulation by the gut microflora and probiotics / 
Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis / 
The Abbé Grégoire and his world / 
Straight west / 
The vodou quantum leap : alternative realities, power, and mysticism / 
Applied fish pharmacology / 
Enterprise information systems / 
Handbook on ingredients for aquaculture feeds / 
Picture perfect framing : making, matting, mounting, embellishing, displaying & more / 
The dessert bible / 
Grouse hunting strategies : a handbook of hunting rechniques / 
Workshop statistics : 
Aviation versus environment? : 2nd Hamburg Aviation Conference / 
Medical legal Internet directory : the professional's instant-access resource / 
When the moon is full / 
Encyclopedia of postmodernism / 
Equivocal death : a novel / 
Critical subjectivities : identity and narrative in the work of Colette and Marguerite Duras / 
Moonlight through the pines : tales from Georgia evenings / 
When Poppy and Max grow up / 
Political economics : explaining economic policy / 
Transition and economics : politics, markets, and firms / 
May it please the court : courts, kids, and the constitution / 
365 simple reminders : ways to keep life simple / 
Life is a miracle : an essay against modern superstition / 
Public journalism and political knowledge / 
Healing narratives : women writers curing cultural dis-ease / 
The research project : how to write it / 
Monetary policy frameworks in a global context / 
The consumer society reader / 
Twilight is dawning : an anthology of the later years : the twilight chronicles / 
Totalitarian and authoritarian regimes / 
Export growth in Latin America : policies and performance / 
India's nuclear security / 
The spirit of butterflies : myth, magic, and art / 
The 42nd parallel / 
Football : rushing and tackling / 
Volunteering for a political campaign / 
High crimes and misdemeanors : the impeachment process / 
Post-compulsory education and the new millennium / 
Destiny of souls : new case studies of life between lives / 
Child development / 
Elementary statistics : a step by step approach / 
Parenting without perfection : being a kingdom influence in a toxic world / 
Olympia : cult, sport, and ancient festival / 
UFO FBI connection : the secret history of the government's cover-up / 
Making task groups work in your world / 
The disciplined online investor / 
Murphy's law, doctors : malpractice makes perfect! / 
The guide to the best European business schools / 
Hegemon : China's plan to dominate Asia and the world / 
Compassionate conservatism : what it is, what it does, and how it can transform America / 
The refuge : a look into the future and the power of living in a Christian community / 
Bhagavad Gita : a new translation / 
American theatre : a chronicle of comedy and drama, 1969-2000 / 
Murphy's law, lawyers : wronging the rights in the legal profession! / 
The big money / 
Selected onomastic writings / 
Trolleys and squibs : a golfer's guide to Irish links / 
Applications of nonstandard finite difference schemes / 
Sensors and signal conditioning / 
Teaching hospitals and the urban poor / 
Experiencing God day-by-day : a devotional / 
Quiet moments for nurses / 
Applied statistical decision theory / 
Getting started in estate planning / 
A killing on Wall Street : an investment mystery / 
Applied nonlinear dynamics and chaos of mechanical systems with discontinuities / 
Designing wireless information services / 
Programming interviews exposed : secrets to landing your next job / 
The mighty Eighth in WWII : a memoir / 
Creatures of darkness : Raymond Chandler, detective fiction, and film noir / 
America and guerrilla warfare / 
The reluctant film art of Woody Allen / 
Rituals and riots : sectarian violence and political culture in Ulster, 1784-1886 / 
Mavericks on the border : the early Southwest in historical fiction and film / 
Appalachians and race : the mountain South from slavery to segregation / 
Rare birds : an American family / 
Extraordinary groups : an examination of unconventional lifestyles / 
Hammer and rifle : the militarization of the Soviet Union, 1926-1933 / 
Leonardo's incessant Last Supper / 
Hoover, conservation, and consumerism : engineering the good life / 
Public relations writing : form and style / 
Environmental ethics : readings in theory and application / 
Automation, control, and complexity : an integrated approach / 
Fuel cell systems explained / 
Understanding robust and exploratory data analysis / 
Symbolic logic / 
The quality of growth / 
Evaluating the impact of development projects on poverty : a handbook for practitioners / 
California's infrastructure policy for the 21st century : issues and opportunities / 
The merry widow / 
Our dream : a world free of poverty / 
The passionate fictions of Eliza Haywood : essays on her life and work / 
Your college experience : strategies for success / 
Inter-act : interpersonal communication, concepts, skills, and contexts / 
Lyndon B. Johnson / 
The silence: an anti-novel and absolutely the very last protocol / 
Genetic engineering : opposing viewpoints / 
Creating high performance classroom groups / 
The compulsion to create : women writers and their demon lovers / 
Lives through literature : a thematic anthology 
Cooking with green tea / 
Prince : the persnickety pony that didn't like grown-ups / 
Inculturation : new dawn of the church in Latin America / 
Only yesterday : an informal history of the 1920's / 
Wilfred Bion : his life and works, 1897-1979 / 
The Camino : a journey of the spirit / 
The eclectic gourmet guide to Chicago / 
We are bears / 
Whitetail deer / 
Sea turtles / 
Cabinets and countertops / 
For the voice / 
Thalberg : life and legend / 
Roman myths / 
Panther / 
Ancient voices / 
Using portfolios across the curriculum / 
Exploring socio-cultural themes in education : readings in social foundations / 
Updating America's social contract : economic growth and opportunity in the new century / 
Strategies for teaching learners with special needs / 
Social studies in elementary education / 
Women, work and computing / 
Case studies in elementary science : learning from teachers / 
Teaching English in middle and secondary schools / 
The college student's research companion / 
America is-- / 
Stopping to home / 
Moose tracks! / 
Literacy for the 21st century : a balanced approach / 
Multicultural children's literature : through the eyes of many children / 
Beaver pond, moose pond / 
Mathematics assessment : a practical handbook for grades 6-8 / 
Plein air painting in watercolor & oil / 
The big flood / 
The McGraw-Hill recycling handbook / 
Wolves / 
Black bears / 
The Persian sphinx : Amir Abbas Hoveyda and the riddle of the Iranian Revolution : a biography / 
Gastrointestinal imaging : case review / 
Genitourinary imaging : case review / 
Sex in the future : the reproductive revolution and how it will change us / 
Generative programming : methods, tools, and applications / 
Working in Japan : an insider's guide for engineers and scientists / 
Mastering public speaking / 
The origins of life / 
The importance of economic literacy / 
Social decay and transformation : a view from the left / 
The Acquisition of scrambling and cliticization / 
The surprising pope : understanding the thought of John Paul II / 
Believing and accepting / 
Small and medium enterprises in Asian Pacific countries / 
The counseling dictionary : concise definitions of frequently used terms / 
Encyclopedia of sociology / 
Eating expectantly : a practical and tasty approach to prenatal nutrition / 
Cromwellian Ireland : English government and reform in Ireland 1649-1660 / 
The bridegroom : stories / 
The American roller coaster / 
Population, health and nutrition : selected papers of Hector Correa / 
Quantum measurements and decoherence : models and phenomenology / 
Dred : a tale of the Great Dismal Swamp / 
E : a novel / 
The invention of Middle English : an anthology of primary sources / 
Public and private : legal, political and philosophical perspectives / 
Stable peace among nations / 
The throne of Labdacus / 
Eduard's homecoming / 
Battle of wits : the complete story of codebreaking in World War II / 
The ballad of Little River : a tale of race and restless youth in the rural South / 
Collections of paintings in Haarlem, 1572-1745 / 
Early histories of economic thought, 1824-1914 / 
The political dynamics of Hong Kong under the Chinese sovereignty / 
Middle management in action : practical approaches to school improvement / 
Family support : direction from diversity / 
Truck drivers / 
Tarot : your everyday guide : Practical problem solving and everyday advice / 
Robert Blake : admiral and general at sea : based on family and state papers / 
Women's Hall of Fame / 
History and Americana Hall of Fame / 
Entertainment Hall of Fame / 
Diaries & journals / 
Pen pals / 
The last days of disco : with cocktails at Petrossian afterwards : a novel / 
H.L. Mencken : a documentary volume / 
Theoretical approaches in psychology / 
The blind pig / 
Essentials of physical anthropology / 
Moral philosophy through the ages / 
Biological resource management : connecting science and policy / 
Computer algebra methods for equivariant dynamical systems / 
Regional analgesia in obstetrics / 
Tumescent local anesthesia / 
Fatal attractions : protein aggregates in neurodegenerative disorders / 
The peroxidase multigene family of enzymes : biochemical basis and clinical applications / 
Madkour's brucellosis / 
Clinical application of computational mechanics to the cardiovascular system / 
Tales from the small time : a celebration of small college athletics / 
Dissipative systems analysis and control : theory and applications / 
Revealing love, beauty & personality tests / 
To kill the Pope : an ecclesiastical thriller / 
Don't make me stop this car! : adventures in fatherhood / 
Sun Tzu's art of war : the modern Chinese interpretation / 
Slab rat : a novel / 
The fisher king : a novel / 
The wisdom of trees : mysteries, magic, and medicine / 
Exploring the philosophy of religion / 
Introduction to international political economy / 
Through the open door : secrets of self-hypnosis / 
Statistical handbook on racial groups in the United States / 
The black flower : a novel of the Civil War / 
Lectures on Shakespeare / 
Evaluating scientific research : separating fact from fiction / 
Truth and consequences : intentions, conventions, and the new thematics / 
The bluestone walk : poems / 
The philosophic roots of modern ideology : liberalism, communism, fascism, Islamism / 
Electronic devices and circuits / 
Torah in the mouth : writing and oral tradition in Palestinian Judaism, 200 BCE-400 CE / 
Introduction to jazz history / 
Quality control / 
The valiant / 
William Shakespeare / 
Disequilibrium, growth, and labor market dynamics : macro perspectives / 
Part-whole reasoning in an object-centered framework / 
Automated deduction in classical and non-classical logics : selected papers / 
In search of Walid Masoud : a novel / 
Plastic and reconstructive surgery of the nose / 
The new natural healing cookbook : a wellness program for optimal health / 
Millionaire : the philanderer, gambler, and duelist who invented modern finance / 
Pharmacology review / 
Pharmacology for nursing care / 
Neurologic intervention for physical therapist assistants / 
Atlas of diagnostic nuclear medicine / 
Baseball puzzlers : you make the call / 
The little giant encyclopedia of IQ tests / 
101 checker puzzles / 
Love magic / 
Tenants' rights in New York / 
Smart clay pot cookery / 
Hand reflexology / 
Fabulous fondues : appetizers, main courses & desserts / 
Bears / 
Adorable furniture for dolls & teddy bears / 
The little giant encyclopedia of UFOs / 
Herbs love tomatoes, peppers, onions & zucchini : a fresh from the garden cookbook / 
The war against boys : how misguided feminism is harming our young men / 
The human tradition in modern Russia / 
The word, the pen, and the pistol : literature and power in Tahiti / 
Technology and capital in the age of lean production : a Marxian critique of the "New economy" / 
SAP R/3 implementation : methods and tools / 
Asymptotic methods in quantum mechanics : application to atoms, molecules, and nuclei / 
Southern Hemisphere paleo- and neoclimates : key sites, methods, data and models / 
Abnormal loading on structures : experimental and numerical modelling / 
The science of reptiles / 
The science of light & color / 
The science of fire / 
The science of weather / 
The science of underwater life / 
The science of sound / 
When Jesus sleeps : finding spiritual peace amid the storms of life / 
Job : and death no dominion / 
Getting what you want : the seven principles of rational living / 
100 meditations : selections from Unitarian Universalist meditation manuals / 
Deep ocean / 
Electricity and magnetism / 
Sound / 
Energy / 
Listening to patients : relearning the art of healing in psychotherapy / 
Gender archaeology / 
Perfumes, scented gifts & other fragrances : make beautiful gifts to give (or keep) / 
A good news spirituality : finding holiness in parish life / 
Tort law : text and materials / 
Experience God : his love, compassion, power, strength, and faithfulness-- / 
Anxiety, depression, and emotion / 
Meteorological measurement systems / 
Imperialism : a history in documents / 
Father : famous writers celebrate the bond between father and child / 
Preemies : the essential guide for parents of premature babies / 
Merit, aesthetic and ethical / 
Gun violence : the real costs / 
The physical geography of North America / 
Spiritual direction : beyond the beginnings / 
Changing churches : the local church and the structures of change / 
Real-resumes for students / 
Your lab's life : your complete guide to raising your pet from puppy to companion / 
Revelation, the religions, and violence / 
The dragon strikes : China and the Korean war, June-December 1950 / 
Haitian fiction revisited / 
Playing away : a novel / 
West of the border : the multicultural literature of the Western American frontiers / 
Journeys into emptiness : Dōgen, Merton, Jung, and the quest for transformation / 
Gender in cross-cultural perspective / 
Differential equations and linear algebra / 
Health care ethics : principles and problems / 
Kijabe : an African historical saga : a novel / 
The syntax-phonology interface in focus and topic constructions in Italian / 
Simulation of communication systems : modeling, methodology, and techniques / 
Frontiers of expert systems : reasoning with limited knowledge / 
Marike's world / 
Mind boosters : a guide to natural supplements that enhance your mind, memory, and mood / 
The green-eyed hurricane / 
Tambora : a killer volcano from Indonesia / 
Mount St. Helens : the smoking mountain / 
Bicycle stunt riding : check it out! / 
What people wore in colonial America / 
What was cooking in Dolley Madison's White House? / 
An online visit to South America / 
Mount Pelée : the deadliest volcano eruption of the twentieth century / 
Careers in information technology / 
What was cooking in Abigail Adams's White House? / 
Krakatoa : history's loudest volcano / 
Let's talk about living with a parent with multiple sclerosis / 
Information and communication technology in development : cases from India / 
G.W.F. Hegel : an introduction to the science of wisdom / 
The great dialogue of nature and space / 
The constant creator in you / 
Oakland glimmer : a novella ; and, Tales of the want ads : stories / 
Therapeutic touch / 
Far out! : exploring nature with binoculars / 
I can jump higher / 
Polar bear : growing up in the icy north / 
Liftoff! : a space adventure / 
Way to go! : finding your way with a compass / 
Regulating medicines in Europe : competition, expertise, and public health / 
What happens to history : the renewal of ethics in contemporary thought / 
Physical activity and psychological well-being / 
Redefining public sector unionism : UNISON and the future of trade unions / 
Freedom and growth : the rise of states and markets in Europe, 1300-1750 / 
Llano River / 
Autumn's Eve / 
The plain people of the Confederacy / 
Shakespeare's tragic form : spirit in the wheel / 
The Miocene arrow / 
Sibley's New Mexico campaign / 
Boxing the kangaroo: a reporter's memoir / 
Springs and autumns / 
The sky road / 
Massachusetts : a concise history / 
The travels of Messenger / 
10 Texas feuds / 
The biomedical engineering handbook / 
Drilling fluids / 
Forever Liesl : a memoir of The sound of music / 
Strangers among us / 
An innocent in Russia / 
The houseguest / 
Cold case / 
In love with night : the American romance with Robert Kennedy / 
Polly's ghost / 
Biggie and the meddlesome mailman / 
Barbara Pitcairn / 
Saturn's race / 
The writing life : the Hopwood Lectures, fifth series / 
Freedom's hope / 
Larry Kane's Philadelphia / 
The Onion's finest news reporting / 
Silence on the shores / 
It's time for school, Stinky Face / 
Witch Hill / 
Bodily charm : living opera / 
The Holocaust and the book : destruction and preservation / 
War, institutions, and social change in the Middle East / 
Uncommon dominion : 
Multivariate data reduction and discrimination with SAS software / 
99 ways to help your kids do their homework : (and not hate it) / 
Inuksuit : silent messengers of the Arctic / 
Ethics, morality, and international affairs / 
Native American spirituality : a critical reader / 
Black Elk lives : conversations with the Black Elk family / 
Bedtime blessings : 101 bedtime stories & activities for blessing your child / 
20th century thoughts that shaped the church / 
Duels and the roots of violence in Missouri / 
Judgment at Tokyo : the Japanese war crimes trials / 
Highpoints of the United States : a guide to the fifty state summits / 
Life at the extremes / 
Fighters / 
Piety and politics : imaging divine kingship in Louis XIV's chapel at Versailles / 
American contemporary furniture / 
Wildlife films / 
The one year book of fun & active devotions for kids / 
The bridges of Vietnam : from the journals of a U.S. Marine intelligence officer / 
That old-time rock & roll : a chronicle of an era, 1954-1963 / 
Bonanza Gulch / 
Come home, Nurse Jenny / 
Elusive victory / 
The stone / 
The rose rent : the thirteenth chronicle of Brother Cadfael / 
Ogilvie at war / 
Tantalus / 
The two faces of Dr. Collier / 
Reckless lady / 
Marrow / 
Denying history : who says the Holocaust never happened and why do they say it? / 
Prick up your ears : the biography of Joe Orton / 
A very dangerous citizen : Abraham Lincoln Polonsky and the Hollywood left / 
Farming and poetry in Hesiod's Works and days / 
Crossing centuries : the new generation in Russian poetry / 
Always on call : when illness turns families into caregivers / 
Stress relief & relaxation techniques / 
And that's the way it was in Jackson's Hole / 
Sister Coyote : Montana stories / 
Joyce's comic Portrait / 
Lark / 
Mexico : from Montezuma to NAFTA, and beyond / 
Prosperous paupers & other population problems / 
The secrets of Cabales serrada escrima / 
Foreign policy and Congress : an international relations perspective / 
The autobiography of Kim Ku / 
Origami extravaganza! : 
Greek biography and panegyric in late antiquity / 
With these hands : the hidden world of migrant farmworkers today / 
Same bed, different dreams : managing U.S.-China relations, 1989-2000 / 
City of walls : crime, segregation, and citizenship in São Paulo / 
From a high place : a life of Arshile Gorky / 
Conversations with Cézanne / 
Victor Considerant and the rise and fall of French romantic socialism / 
Francis Lieber : hermeneutics and practical reason / 
Terrorism : avoidance and survival / 
How you can be more interesting / 
Our Martens : F.F. Martens, international lawyer and architect of peace / 
Handbook of developmental psychopathology / 
Molecular genetics of cardiac electrophysiology / 
Arthritis and allied conditions : 
Reliability and validity in neuropsychological assessment / 
The legacy of Robert Penn Warren / 
The impossible toystore : poems / 
The Southern inheritors of Don Quixote / 
The impressionists at Argenteuil / 
Intestinal lipid metabolism / 
Dr. Earl Mindell's secrets of natural health : a complete program for vibrant well-being / 
Diabetes management : complication risk assessment, diagnosis, and therapeutic options / 
Innovations in end-of-life care : practical strategies & international perspectives / 
The environment and development in Africa / 
Exchanges : reading and writing about consumer culture / 
Worldview flux : perplexed values among postmodern peoples / 
Cold War respite : the Geneva Summit of 1955 / 
International investment, political risk, and growth / 
Stochastic volatility in financial markets : crossing the bridge to continuous time / 
Race and reconciliation in South Africa : a multicultural dialogue in comparative perspective / 
Public policy and electoral reform : the case of Israel / 
Using educational research : a school administrator's guide / 
Checkpoints : developing college English skills / 
Look at me : a novel / 
EMT-paramedic  (P) : PreTest self-assessment and review / 
Reflective teaching : professional artistry through inquiry / 
Joinfostering : teaching and learning in multilingual classrooms / 
Practical management of pain / 
Six philosophical appetizers / 
Literature, markets and media in Germany and Austria today / 
The entrepreneurial Web : first, think like an e-business / 
Brushing the past : 
The scalpel and the butterfly : the war between animal research and animal protection / 
Diesel technology : fundamentals, service, repair / 
Plastics packaging : properties, processing, applications, and regulations / 
American hard-boiled crime writers / 
Our tomorrows never came / 
Marie Antoinette : the last queen of France / 
Multiskilling for television production / 
A book of Cape Cod houses / 
Landscape plants for dry regions : more than 600 species from around the world / 
Wavelets in chemistry / 
Satellite newsgathering / 
Extractive metallurgy of activated minerals / 
Five creatures / 
The changing face of money : will electronic money be adopted in the United States? / 
Human performance measures handbook / 
Capital punishment / 
The letter to Philemon : a new translation with notes and commentary / 
Developing parent & community understanding of performance-based assessment / 
Standards based learning for students with disabilities / 
Mayan and Aztec mythology / 
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum / 
American Indian mythology / 
Gods and goddesses in Greek mythology / 
Functional neuroanatomy of the nitric oxide system / 
Peptide receptors / 
Round-trip to deadsville : a year in the funeral underground / 
Radioactivity in the environment / 
Open-ended questions in elementary mathematics : instruction & assessment / 
Night in the afternoon and other erotica / 
The diehard / 
Catherine Certitude / 
Impressionist roses : bringing the romance of the impressionist style to your garden / 
The garden table : elegant outdoor entertaining / 
Courtyards & patios : designing and landscaping elegant outdoor spaces / 
Circle of fire / 
Beluthahatchie and other stories / 
Joshua's hammer / 
Word of honor / 
The stone ponies / 
High cotton : selected stories / 
The four seasons of Mary Azarian / 
The Facts on File dictionary of American regionalisms / 
The diet solution : weight loss, wellness, and the word of wisdom / 
Keep Australia on your left : a true story of an attempt to circumnavigate Australia by kayak / 
Elsevier's dictionary of agriculture, in English, German, French, Russian and Latin / 
Omar Khayyam, the mathematician / 
Rollin' and tumblin' : the postwar blues guitarists / 
Russia's first civil war : the Time of Troubles and the founding of the Romanov dynasty / 
Set up running : the life of a Pennsylvania railroad engineman, 1904-1949 / 
Zayas & her sisters : an anthology of novelas by 17th century Spanish women / 
Lazarillo de Tormes / 
Innovation, evolution of industry and economic growth / 
Binchois studies / 
The soul of the text : 
QT dispersion / 
A wilderness of mirrors / 
Uther / 
Spectacular passions : cinema, fantasy, gay male spectatorships / 
Acorna's world / 
The black rood / 
1700 : scenes from London life / 
Swindletop / 
Butterfly burning / 
Dark secret / 
The savior of science / 
An introduction to differential equations : order and chaos / 
Phosphorus 2000 : chemistry, biochemistry & technology / 
Beyond the 120-year diet : how to double your vital years / 
A biographical dictionary of women economists / 
Autobiography of a modern prophet / 
Corporate governance and globalization : long range planning issues / 
Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification / 
Nature, production, power : towards an ecological political economy / 
Eye of the cat / 
Language development : an introduction / 
The shape of reason : argumentative writing in college / 
Finite element multidisciplinary analysis / 
Academic reading / 
Evocativeness : moving and persuasive interventions in psychotherapy / 
The radio broadcasting industry / 
Changing criminal thinking : a treatment program / 
Sociology : concepts and applications in a diverse world / 
Empirical approaches to sociology : a collection of classic and contemporary readings / 
Assessment to assistance : programs for women in community corrections / 
Death, society, and human experience / 
Social work practice  : a generalist approach / 
The media in your life : an introduction to mass communication / 
Precis. Obstetrics : 
The musical edge of therapeutic dialogue / 
Young Humphry Davy : the making of an experimental chemist / 
Air war over South Vietnam, 1968-1975 / 
Great dads : a celebration of fatherhood / 
Financial management for human service administrators / 
Streetwise marketing plan : winning strategies for every small business / 
22 keys to creating a meaningful workplace / 
Voices of authority : education and linguistic difference / 
Compass in the blood / 
Wedding by the sea / 
Operator theory and its applications / 
The secret voice of Gina Zhang / 
Aă / 
Mm / 
Ll / 
Kk / 
Jj / 
Iĭ / 
Hh / 
Gg / 
Ff / 
Eĕ / 
Dd / 
Cc / 
Bb / 
How to produce effective operations and maintenance manuals / 
Short of war : major USAF contingency operations, 1947-1997 / 
RCRA waste management : planning, implementation, and assessment of sampling activities / 
Web engagement : connecting to customers in e-business / 
Polymers from renewable resources : biopolyesters and biocatalysts / 
The art of empowerment : stories and strategies for diabetes educators / 
Molecular genetics of mycobacteria / 
Kenny Rogers presents the Toy Shoppe / 
Using folktales / 
Regional economics and policy / 
The Purple Gang : organized crime in Detroit, 1910-1945 / 
Theses and dissertations : a guide to planning, research, and writing / 
The conservation handbook : research, management, and policy / 
The kidney at a glance / 
Becoming adult : how teenagers prepare for the world of work / 
Positron physics / 
The planet observer's handbook / 
Quantum computation and quantum information / 
Scientific method in Ptolemy's Harmonics / 
Exploring the night sky with binoculars / 
Colloquial French grammar : a practical guide / 
Grassland ecophysiology and grazing ecology / 
Yonder come the blues : the evolution of a genre / 
Volkswagen Jetta, Golf, GTI, 1999, 2000 : 
The Cambridge companion to Delacroix / 
Our turn, our time : women truly coming of age / 
Pragmatic markers and propositional attitude / 
The cult of St Katherine of Alexandria in late medieval England / 
The early modern Atlantic economy / 
The depressed child and adolescent / 
Nutrient elements in grassland : soil-plant-animal relationships / 
The Cambridge companion to the Victorian novel / 
Women writers and the English nation in the 1790s : romantic belongings / 
From modernism to neobaroque : Joyce and Lezama Lima / 
Modern American drama, 1945-2000 / 
A history of the Jewish experience / 
Give sorrow words : perspectives on loss and trauma / 
Popular culture in American history / 
Principles of financial economics / 
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders / 
The promised end : eschatology in theology and literature / 
Medieval women and the law / 
Thomas Reid and the story of epistemology / 
The free fantasia and the musical picturesque / 
The poverty of the Linnaean hierarchy : a philosophical study of biological taxonomy / 
Funny Ruby / 
Endangered children : neonaticide, infanticide, filicide / 
Living with the end in sight : meditations on the book of Revelation / 
Heidegger, language, and world-disclosure / 
Attribution, communication behavior, and close relationships / 
Shakespeare on masculinity / 
Illegitimate theatre in London, 1770-1840 / 
Politics after television : religious nationalism and the reshaping of the Indian public / 
Social unrest and popular protest in England, 1780-1840 / 
The search / 
In darkest James : reviewing impressionism, 1900-1905 / 
Journal of love : spiritual communication with animals through journal writing / 
Slovak history : chronology & lexicon / 
Market structure and competition policy : game theoretic approaches / 
Learn Microsoft Office 2000 / 
Radio wave propagation : principles and techniques / 
The first counsel / 
Criminology : theories, patterns, and typologies / 
Panama poverty assessment : 
Panama, estudio sobre pobreza : 
L.I.E. : a novel / 
My parents, my children : spiritual help for caregivers / 
Brief therapy with individuals and couples / 
UFOs and abductions : challenging the borders of knowledge / 
Sleep and dreams / 
Metal fatigue in engineering / 
The fruit of the Spirit : becoming the person God wants you to be / 
Repositioning Asia : from bubble to sustainable economy / 
Spirit and power : foundation of Pentecostal experience : a call to Evangelical dialogue / 
Papeles de Pandora / 
Dear lady / 
Rocky mountain adventures / 
A defence of history and class consciousness : tailism and the dialectic / 
The fragile absolute, or, Why is the Christian legacy worth fighting for? / 
Can you see the chalkboard? / 
(Dis)figurations : discourse/critique/ethics / 
Without guarantees : in honour of Stuart Hall / 
The democratic paradox / 
Enjoying Virginia outdoors : a guide to wildlife management areas / 
Annotated bibliography of Colorado vertebrate zoology, 1776-1995 / 
You can write a cookbook / 
Software engineering : principles and practice  / 
Isaiah / 
Thunder from Jerusalem / 
Horrible Harry at Halloween / 
It's my party : a Republican's messy love affair with the GOP / 
Father to son : life lessons on raising a boy / 
Human embryology & teratology / 
The way to Wyatt's house / 
2 Corinthians : the NIV application commentary from biblical text -- to contemporary life / 
The power to choose : Bangladeshi women and labour market decisions in London and Dhaka / 
Seeing things hidden : apocalypse, vision, and totality / 
The basics of New Testament syntax: an intermediate Greek grammar / 
Tao of self-defense / 
Choice-centered relating and the tarot / 
What can we know? : an introduction to the theory of knowledge / 
Stranger in the forest : on foot across Borneo / 
My life as a middle school mom : my kids may be deductible, but they're still taxing! / 
Light on relationships : the synastry of Indian astrology / 
Saturn in transit : boundaries of mind, body, and soul / 
Essentials of criminal justice / 
The art of investment / 
Global perspectives on river conservation : science, policy, and practice / 
A simple way to pray / 
A seeker's guide to Christian faith : leader's guide : from Upper Room ministries / 
Saltwater angler's guide to southern California / 
Race, class, and gender: an anthology / 
Sociology / 
Computational molecular spectroscopy / 
Executive instinct : managing the human animal in the information age / 
The first and second letters to Timothy : a new translation with introduction and commentary / 
Steel-frame house construction  / 
Confederate Catholics at war, 1641-49 / 
Sources in Irish art : a reader / 
NMR spectra of polymers and polymer additives / 
Supramolecular polymers / 
George Gaylord Simpson : paleontologist and evolutionist / 
The hidden cove : a novel / 
The internet, democracy, and democratization / 
Tails I lose : coping with bird dogs / 
I hope you have a good life : a true story of love, loss, and redemption / 
A dirty death / 
Exit music : the Radiohead story / 
Sammy Sosa / 
Venus and Serena Williams / 
Faithfull : an autobiography / 
Michelle Kwan / 
Recasting European welfare states / 
Hushhh-- : 54 more activities for quiet times and rainy days / 
Quick and accurate 12-lead ECG interpretation / 
Sleep apnea : implications in cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease / 
Membrane structure in disease and drug therapy / 
More parts / 
Bound for the North Star : true stories of fugitive slaves / 
The debt collector / 
Demolition angel / 
Cisco routers for IP networking black book / 
The American Leonardo : a life of Samuel F. Morse / 
Comet dis'aster : (Latin, "dis," evil; Greek, "astron," star) : a novel / 
Life at the top : discoveries in a tropical forest canopy / 
Comets and asteroids / 
Civil War and Reconstruction / 
Fifth quarter : the scrimmage of a football coach's daughter / 
The amazing adventures of Kavalier and Clay : a novel / 
Martha Peake : a novel of the Revolution / 
Dr. Death : a novel / 
Junie B. Jones has a peep in her pocket / 
The lucky lottery / 
Speak American : a survival guide to the language and culture of the U.S.A. / 
Ghost light : a memoir / 
New Zealand / 
Germany / 
Spain / 
Treasures from Egypt / 
Treasures from China / 
Treasures from Spain / 
Treasures from Italy / 
Treasures from Greece / 
Having epilepsy / 
Treasures from Mexico / 
Designing the green economy : the postindustrial alternative to corporate globalization / 
Naipaul's truth : the making of a writer / 
Freedom of expression in the Supreme Court : the defining cases / 
The contested state : American foreign policy and regime change in the Philippines / 
Science under siege? : interest groups and the science wars / 
The essential civil society reader : classic essays in the American civil society debate / 
Carolina crow girl / 
Laugh-eteria : poems and drawings / 
Romance of the Snob Squad / 
The Blue Sword / 
The case of the raging Rottweiler / 
The hero and the crown / 
The door in the lake / 
French film : texts and contexts / 
Multimedia : a critical introduction / 
Parenting : what really counts? / 
The color of grace : thoughts from a garden in a dry land / 
The greatest threat : Iraq, weapons of mass destruction, and the crisis of global security / 
Black mass : the Irish mob, the FBI, and a devil's deal / 
Confessions of an original sinner / 
Sustainable ocean governance : a geographical perspective / 
The language of ICT : information and communication technology / 
Castration : an abbreviated history of western manhood / 
Time and money : the macroeconomics of capital structure / 
British cinema in the fifties : gender, genre, and the 'new look' / 
Fairytale in the ancient world / 
Writing essays : a guide for students in English and the humanities / 
Mobilizing modernity : the nuclear moment / 
Examination results : processing, analysis, and presentation / 
Philosophical theories of probability / 
Carnal appetites : foodsexidentities / 
Party systems and voter alignments revisited / 
The economics of professional team sports / 
Landing on the wrong note : jazz, dissonance, and critical practice / 
I love you-- still : to keep the love, ya gotta laugh / 
Briefly told lives / 
The home of the blizzard : a true story of Antarctic survival / 
You should have been here yesterday : a life in television news / 
The child and the machine : how computers put our children's education at risk / 
Story in the stone : the formation of a tropical land bridge / 
Technology, growth, and development : an induced innovation perspective / 
Evolutionary psychology : a critical introduction / 
Comparative employment relations : an introduction / 
Customer-effective web sites / 
Mechanics of materials / 
An introduction to quantum mechanics in chemistry / 
Digital and analog communication systems / 
Walls of heritage, walls of pride : African American murals / 
Foldable intraocular lenses : evolution, clinicopathologic correlations, and complications / 
Chaos in medicine : source readings / 
Home before dark / 
Freud, psychoanalysis, social theory : the unfulfilled promise / 
Double exposures : repetition and realism in nineteenth-century German fiction / 
Abe Lincoln and the frontier folk of New Salem / 
Herbal soups, salads, breads & sweets : a fresh from the garden cookbook / 
Spirit of the valley : where the light of science meets the shadow of myth / 
Timberframe plan book / 
Snakes / 
Lichens / 
Sun country elegant / 
French by design / 
Lights! camera! action dog! / 
Case of the cyber-hacker / 
Phantom of the video store / 
Forgotten heroes / 
The Sirian conspiracy / 
Disoriented express / 
Case of the impounded hounds / 
A dragon in a wagon / 
Invisible guests : the development of imaginal dialogues / 
Eqbal Ahmad, confronting empire : 
Power plays : Shakespeare's lessons in leadership and management / 
The other side : a novel of the Civil War / 
A fine excess : contemporary literature at play / 
Repression, resistance, and democratic transition in Central America / 
Behind the guns : the history of Battery I, 2nd Regiment, Illinois Light Artillery / 
Stage invader / 
Case of the unsolved case / 
Keep it simple : the busy Catholic's guide to growing closer to God / 
Five famous writers / 
Hairy Maclary and Zachary Quack / 
Hairy Maclary's caterwaul caper / 
Hairy Maclary's rumpus at the vet / 
Sniff-snuff-snap! / 
The smallest turtle / 
Hairy Maclary scattercat / 
Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy / 
Detection and isolation of soil fungi / 
Proactive approaches in psychosocial occupational therapy / 
Healthy 1-2-3 : fat-free, low fat, low calorie : the ultimate three-ingredient cookbook / 
Tense and aspect in the languages of Europe / 
Lysophospholipids and eicosanoids in biology and pathophysiology / 
Modern Chrysler concept cars : the designs that saved the company / 
The investigation of buildings / 
Vote yes for libraries : a guide to winning ballot measure campaigns for library funding / 
The career of Doña Inés de Suárez : the first European woman in Chile / 
Beneath the ashes : an Alaska mystery / 
Sugarplum dead : a death on demand mystery / 
The last good man / 
Physiological medicine : a clinical approach to basic medical physiology / 
Marshall's tendencies : what can economists know? / 
Midnight in Ruby Bayou / 
The 100 greatest moments in St. Louis sports / 
Next : the new generation in graphic design / 
Encyclopedia of the American Constitution / 
Import/export : how to get started in international trade / 
The physics of everyday phenomena : a conceptual introduction to physics / 
The United States and Canada : the land and the people / 
Subway sonata / 
Dog Company Six / 
Splinter fleet : the wooden subchasers of World War II / 
Marines under armor : the Marine Corps and the armored fighting vehicle, 1916-2000 / 
A+ certification training kit / 
People & portraits / 
Making animal characters in polymer clay / 
Cosmetic laser surgery / 
Exercise and sports cardiology / 
Nursing reflections : 
Microsoft Windows 2000 performance tuning technical reference / 
Chinese painting techniques for exquisite watercolors / 
3 essays : reflections on the American century / 
Karmic traces, 1993-1999 / 
Gas hydrates : challenges for the future / 
Reading between the lines : toward an understanding of current social problems / 
Analytic philosophy : beginnings to the present / 
Women's uncommon prayers : our lives revealed, nurtured, celebrated / 
Making Russian democracy work : social capital, economic development, and democratization 
From whirlwind to MITRE : the R&D story of the SAGE air defense computer / 
Inclusive and special recreation : opportunities for persons with disabilities / 
Warming the world : economic models of global warming / 
Mechanics of materials / 
Lyapunov-based control of mechanical systems / 
Microelectronic design of fuzzy logic-based systems / 
The problem of the essential indexical : and other essays / 
A biographical dictionary of the Qin, former Han and Xin periods, 221 BC - AD 24 / 
No backward step : a guide to Grant's campaign in Virginia / 
Sardinia = Sardegna / 
Dyslexia / 
Ord eats a pizza! / 
Intimacy : a green light for red hot sex and a lifetime of loving / 
Philosophy : the good, the true, and the beautiful / 
The detective as historian : history and art in historical crime fiction / 
Wavelet methods for time series analysis / 
Presidents, parliaments, and policy / 
Spectroscopic data of saponins : the triterpenoid glycosides / 
Grazing ecology and forest history / 
The Sistine Chapel : its history and masterpieces / 
Wolfsangel : a German city on trial, 1945-48 / 
How do I become a Christian? / 
Genetics, demography, and viability of fragmented populations / 
Deception and democracy in classical Athens / 
Healing powers and modernity : traditional medicine, shamanism, and science in Asian societies / 
Parenthood lost : healing the pain after miscarriage, stillbirth, and infant death / 
Raising multilingual children : foreign language acquisition and children / 
Ocular pharmacology and therapeutics : a primary care guide / 
Style and function : conceptual issues in evolutionary archaeology / 
Using Italian synonyms / 
Literature, art and the pursuit of decay in twentieth-century France / 
Econometrics of qualitative variables / 
Science and faith : an evangelical dialogue / 
A history of modern Yemen / 
Contexts and connections : an intersubjective systems approach to couples therapy / 
The social mind : cognitive and motivational aspects of interpersonal behavior / 
The strength not to fight : conscientious objectors of the Vietnam War-- in their own words / 
Zeitgeist / 
Jesus in the midst of success : standing faithful in seasons of abundance / 
Out of many : a history of the American people / 
The crying sisters : a mystery / 
After postmodernism : Austrian literature and film in transition / 
Restitution / 
Justice and the prosecution of old crimes : balancing legal, psychological, and moral concerns / 
A brief guide to writing from readings / 
Landslide! : a kid's guide to the U.S. elections / 
Mr. Right is out there : the gay man's guide to finding and maintaing love / 
Gay spirituality  : the role of gay identity in the transformation of human consciousness / 
Slow grind : gay men tell their real-life sex stories / 
Vertical quilts with style / 
On intelligence : spies and secrecy in an open world / 
Flavor release / 
Always / 
Learning about books & libraries : a goldmine of games / 
The wild shores of Patagonia : the Valdés Peninsula and Punta Tombo / 
Outside and inside rats and mice / 
Nonculturable microorganisms in the environment / 
Emily's art / 
Running with Jesus : 
20th-century American sculpture in the White House garden / 
EDGAR and electronic filing : a complete guide to electronic filing with the SEC / 
Human resources administration in education : a management approach / 
Extraordinary chickens / 
Caring for your family treasures : heritage preservation / 
Taming wild extensions : Hopf algebras and local Galois module theory / 
The Bronze Age in Europe / 
Gone boy : a walkabout / 
Ali and Nino : a love story / 
The law of suretyship / 
The coming / 
Medications for the treatment of diabetes / 
Vagueness / 
Perspectives on Anton Bruckner / 
The Mormon culture of salvation : force, grace, and glory / 
Multiculturalism & hybridity in African literatures / 
Radical orthodoxy? : a Catholic enquiry / 
Operating systems : a systematic view / 
Principles of database systems with Internet and Java applications / 
Data abstraction and problem solving with Java : walls and mirrors / 
Hubble Space Telescope : new views of the universe / 
Mary Frank : encounters / 
Score reading : a key to the music experience / 
Marital and family processes in depression : a scientific foundation for clinical practice / 
Corrections : philosophies, practices, and procedures / 
Skin deep : real-life lesbian sex stories / 
The mystery of Jesus : 
Abounding grace : an anthology of wisdom / 
Software architecture for product families : principles and practice / 
Hume : moral and political philosophy / 
National and international security / 
Proceedings of the Conference on Summer Undergraduate Mathematics Research Programs / 
101 great games for kids : active, Bible-based fun for Christian education / 
Gangs : opposing viewpoints / 
Hex strategy : making the right connections / 
Jane Morris : the Pre-Raphaelite model of beauty / 
Shadows in the glasshouse / 
South of Eden / 
Legal rights : the guide for deaf and hard of hearing people / 
The tourist-historic city : retrospect and prospect of managing the heritage city / 
Edward Said : a critical introduction / 
Management : leading people and organizations in the 21st century / 
Risky business : providing local public services in Los Angeles County / 
Increasing the minimum wage : California's winners and losers / 
Children and their development / 
"Belonging to the world" : women's rights and American constitutional culture / 
Religion in modern Europe : a memory mutates / 
Economic liberalization and industrial performance in Brazil / 
Judicial review and the rights of private parties in EC law / 
Comparative politics : an introduction to seven countries / 
Prentice Hall's one-day MBA in finance & accounting / 
Office systems & administration / 
Religions of the world / 
Politics in America / 
Recovering Judaism : the universal dimension of Jewish religion / 
Islam : opposing viewpoints / 
A portrait of Egypt : a journey through the world of militant Islam / 
Images : iconography of music in African-American culture (1770s-1920s) / 
Individualized intervention with young multiple offenders / 
Chocolate for a teen's soul / 
Image and video databases : restoration, watermarking, and retrieval / 
In the meridian of the heart : selected letters of Rico Lebrun / 
Bestiary, or, The parade of Orpheus / 
Scenes from Shakespeare / 
The question of German guilt / 
Wagons westward : the old trail to Santa Fe / 
Sixties counterculture / 
The history of the ninth regiment, Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, June, 1861-June, 1864 / 
Niccolò's smile : a biography of Machiavelli / 
Spellbound / 
The third consequence / 
In space no one can hear you laugh / 
MI6 : inside the covert world of Her Majesty's secret intelligence service / 
Myrtle of Willendorf / 
Haunted media : electronic presence from telegraphy to television / 
Lucky Mrs. Ticklefeather / 
Fairy tales / 
New deal modernism : American literature and the invention of the welfare state / 
The absent city / 
The mysticism of The cloud of unknowing / 
Containing the poor : the Mexico City Poor House, 1774-1871 / 
Lost shores, forgotten peoples : Spanish explorations of the South East Mayan lowlands / 
Citizens, experts, and the environment : the politics of local knowledge / 
The nation's tortured body : violence, representation, and the formation of a Sikh "diaspora" / 
Margaret Mead made me gay : personal essays, public ideas / 
Teaching young children : contexts for learning / 
Creativity in the classroom : schools of curious delight / 
Do it! : active learning in youth ministry / 
The death penalty / 
Fly fishing the Henry's Fork / 
Environmental stressors and gene responses / 
Political scandals : opposing viewpoints / 
The future of private retirement plans / 
Indian handcrafts / 
The Lexus and the olive tree / 
Trade, jobs, and wages / 
Monetary union, employment and growth : the impact of the Euro as a global currency / 
Essence of place / 
Encyclopedia of world scientists / 
Great captains of antiquity / 
Doctrine under trial : American artillery employment in World War I / 
Modern Chinese literary and cultural studies in the age of theory : reimagining a field / 
Gaetano Donizetti : a guide to research / 
Blues faces : a portrait of the blues / 
Sarah's sin / 
How Hitler could have won World War II : the fatal errors that led to Nazi defeat / 
The art of publishers' bookbindings, 1815-1915 / 
A textbook on ATM telecommunications : principles and implementation / 
Wind of time : a Jeffrey Devereaux-Kirsten Eriksson novel / 
Dead at the box office : an Edie Koslow-Tony Del Plato mystery / 
The big thaw / 
Last man standing : the tragedy and triumph of Geronimo Pratt / 
Barbra Streisand / 
Steeplechasing : a complete history of the sport in North America / 
Nappily ever after / 
Columbus celebrates the millennium / 
The future of football : challenges for the twenty-first century / 
Making sense of spirituality in nursing practice : an interactive approach / 
Cut down to size at high noon : a math adventure / 
Sold! : a mothematics adventure / 
Stand-up comedy in theory, or, Abjection in America / 
Trees : 
Atlanta / 
Sometimes I dream in Italian / 
You can be a woman soccer player / 
Easter / 
The United States at war, 1941-1945 / 
A handbook for the study of book history in the United States / 
Leave the mud, learn to soar / 
One Mykonos : being ancients, being islands, being giants, being gay / 
El Capitan : historic feats and radical routes / 
Volunteering to help seniors / 
1001 most useful English words for Spanish-speaking people / 
Stranger than fiction : book of literary lists / 
Contractor's guide to QuickBooks Pro 2000 / 
The mentally tough online trader : a sanity guide for the totally wired investor / 
Some people can't surf : the graphic design of Art Chantry / 
A trip to the beach / 
Abraham Lincoln's DNA and other adventures in genetics / 
Vaughan : a city of communities / 
Human body explorer / 
Hunting's best short stories / 
A pocket full of miracles : a collection of heartwarming true stories / 
365 days with E. Stanley Jones / 
The Chicago Tribune good eating cookbook / 
How to grow a backbone : 10 strategies for gaining power and influence at work / 
In our nature : stories of wildness / 
Stucksville / 
Clinical application of mechanical ventilation / 
Outdoor power equipment / 
Vermont / 
Progressivism, the Great Depression, and the New Deal, 1901 to 1941 / 
The United States enters the world stage : from Alaska Purchase through World War I, 1867-1919 / 
Flowers / 
The modem reference : the complete guide to PC communications / 
Architectural drafting & design / 
Wind of the journey : poems / 
MCSE Windows 2000 directory services design exam prep / 
Crusoe's Island : the story of a writer and a place / 
The nine commandments : uncovering a hidden pattern of crime and punishment in the Hebrew Bible / 
The geopolitics of energy into the 21st century / 
A dirty, wicked town : tales of 19th century Omaha / 
The exceptional child : inclusion in early childhood education / 
The secrets of Afro-Cuban divination : how to cast the Diloggún, the oracle of the Orishas / 
Violence-proof your kids now : how to recognize the 8 warning signs and what to do about them / 
Simple Wicca / 
Holiday theme parties : 
The letter to Philemon : a new translation with introduction and commentary / 
Kazimierz Square : poems / 
Nancy's story, 1765 / 
Disobedience : a novel / 
Sabrina & Kate : a novel / 
Pagan babies / 
Cathedrals of Europe / 
Globalize this! : the battle against the World Trade Organization and corporate rule / 
Hebrews : a new translation with introduction and commentary / 
Croatia / 
Cameroon / 
Washington / 
Nostradamus and his prophecies / 
Medieval people / 
Othello / 
The secrets of needlepoint : technique & stitches / 
MCSE Windows 2000 foundations / 
Akiko in the Sprubly Islands / 
Living in a rainforest / 
Volunteering to help animals / 
Services and the knowledge-based economy / 
Drowning Ruth / 
Tornadoes / 
How to bury a goldfish : ...and 113 other family rituals for everyday life / 
The sex lives of teenagers : revealing the secret world of adolescent boys and girls / 
Life with the Navy Seals / 
Got you! / 
The theory of the design of experiments / 
My pinkie finger / 
Puerto Rico / 
Sorbian [Wendish]-English/English-Sorbian [Wendish] concise dictionary / 
The Jerusalem Talmud = [Talmud Yerushalmi] / 
Weekend houses / 
Making schools smarter : a system for monitoring school and district progress / 
Tribe and society in rural Morocco / 
Wise gal tarot : amazing ways to read your fortune! / 
Virginia limited liability company : forms and practice manual / 
Catholic divorce : the deception of annulments / 
Ralph Waldo Emerson / 
The tale of Genji / 
Passover / 
Potch & Polly / 
Shark-mad Stanley / 
Anger and conflict in the workplace : spot the signs, avoid the trauma / 
Cuba / 
Costa Rica / 
Puerto Rico / 
Costa Rica / 
Colombia / 
In the time of knights : the real-life history of history's greatest knight / 
Happy Birthday to me! / 
Cape Breton Road : a novel / 
Lazy Daisy / 
The mystery of courage / 
Raising emotionally intelligent teenagers : parenting with love, laughter, and limits / 
Inside the hurricane : face to face with nature's deadliest storms / 
More monologues on Black life / 
Power marketing your novel : marketing and promoting fiction and nonfiction / 
NATO : its past, present, and future / 
Stonehenge : a novel of 2000 BC / 
Face to face / 
Night gardening / 
The silken thread / 
Loving choices  : an experience in growing relationships / 
The telling / 
Return to the island / 
I like being killed : stories / 
After the darkest hour : how suffering begins the journey to wisdom / 
Chicanas/Latinas in American theatre : a history of performance / 
Magic spells / 
Corpsmen : letters from Korea / 
Composite charts : the astrology of relationships / 
Before I say goodbye : recollections and observations from one woman's final year / 
Changing circumstances : an acting manual with 24 scenes / 
Necessary journeys : letting ourselves learn from life / 
Hunting Captain Ahab : psychological warfare and the Melville revival / 
Too far afield / 
The greening of U.S. foreign policy / 
Christianity / 
Albert Einstein / 
Screws / 
Pulleys and gears/ 
Ramps and wedges / 
The editor's toolbox : a reference guide for beginners and professionals / 
Widow-makers & rhododendrons : loggers, the unsung heroes of World War II / 
Your mummy is a nose picker / 
The ancestral landscape : time, space, and community in late Shang China, ca. 1200-1045 B.C. / 
Pete Seeger's storytelling book / 
Cassie loves Beethoven / 
New suns will arise : from the journals of Henry David Thoreau / 
15 days of prayer with Saint John of the Cross / 
Prayer-centered healing : finding the God who heals / 
Experiencing God : fostering a contemplative life / 
Cats : a guide to creature comforts / 
Square meals : America's favorite comfort food cookbook / 
Approximation and complexity in numerical optimization : continuous and discrete problems / 
Sustainability and university life / 
How to write health sciences papers, dissertations, and theses / 
Homocysteine and vascular disease / 
Chest medicine : essentials of pulmonary and critical care medicine / 
Computational methods for flow and transport in porous media / 
Technical fouls : democratic dilemmas and technological change / 
Decision theory : an introduction to dynamic programming and sequential decisions / 
A firefly biologist at work / 
Random evolutions and their applications : new trends / 
The theory of classes of groups / 
Principles of 3D image analysis and synthesis / 
Performance evaluation and applications of ATM networks / 
Promoting nonviolence in early adolescence : responding in peaceful and positive ways / 
Environmental micropaleontology : the application of microfossils to environmental geology / 
Forensic management of sexual offenders / 
Integrity and personhood : looking at patients from a bio/psycho/social perspective / 
Performance enhancements in a frequency hopping GSM network / 
Economic crime in Russia / 
Intelligent decision aiding systems based on multiple criteria for financial engineering / 
Topological methods in complementarity theory / 
Multi-valued and universal binary neurons : theory, learning, and applications / 
Expansion and global interaction, 1200-1700 / 
College reading and study skills / 
Reading, writing & learning in ESL : a resource book for K-12 teachers / 
A free society reader : principles for the new millennium / 
Completeness and reduction in algebraic complexity theory / 
Immunobiology and pathology / 
Don't jump! : the Northwest winter blues survival guide / 
A new cook's tour of Sonoma : 150 recipes and the best of the region's food and wine / 
Plant this! : best bets for year-round gorgeous gardens / 
Astronomy on the personal computer / 
Concurrent reactive plans : anticipating and forestalling execution failures / 
Digital cities : technologies, experiences, and future perspectives / 
Lizzy's dizzy day / 
88 pounds of tomatoes / 
Eagle boy : a Pacific Northwest native tale / 
Alaska's three pigs / 
Latin American popular culture : an introduction / 
Framework : a history of screenwriting in the American film / 
Consumption tax policy and the taxation of capital income / 
Paulinus Noster : self and symbols in the letters of Paulinus of Nola / 
House of corrections / 
Triumphs of the heart : miraculous true stories of the power of love / 
On the false embassy (oration 19) / 
The sage and the second sex : Confucianism, ethics, and gender / 
Introduction to behavioral research on the Internet / 
One dead drag queen / 
The problem of the evil editor / 
Race with the Devil : Gene Vincent's life in the fast lane / 
Answering God's prayer : a personal journal with meditations from "God's dream team" / 
Watch your mouth / 
Hot night in the city / 
Museums of modern science : Nobel Symposium 112 / 
The language of prayer : 
Tough call : hard-hitting phone pranks / 
Tell me no lies : how to face the truth and build a loving marriage / 
It's like that : a spiritual memoir / 
A conventional corpse : a Claire Malloy mystery / 
Shakespeare's trollop / 
Extra nutty! : even more letters from a nut / 
Leavin' trunk blues : a Nick Travers mystery / 
Paws for a minute / 
A primer of conservation biology / 
Glacier Bay : the wild beauty of Glacier Bay National Park / 
Building soils for better crops / 
Hooks for the fly / 
Hojas vienen, hojas van / 
Mummies unwrapped / 
The human tradition in the World War II era / 
The story of Viewers for Quality Television : from grassroots to prime time / 
Fast walking / 
How to file for divorce in Pennsylvania : with forms / 
How to form a corporation in Texas : with forms / 
From fireplace to cookstove : technology and the domestic ideal in America / 
Rustic artistry for the home / 
Frank Wedekind : four major plays / 
Macbeth : a workbook for students and teachers / 
My mother's ghost / 
Cecil review of general internal medicine / 
Clinical toxicology / 
Atlas of epileptic seizures and syndromes / 
The molecular basis of blood diseases / 
Otitis media in infants and children / 
Textbook of medical physiology / 
Port-site and wound recurrences in cancer surgery : incidence, pathogenesis, prevention / 
The Jewish year : celebrating the holidays / 
Get a financial life : personal finance in your twenties and thirties / 
The big bug dug / 
Famous explorers / 
Cowboy chic : western style comes home / 
Lie algebras, rings, and related topics / 
Rustic country : handmade accents for the home / 
Matrix analysis and applied linear algebra / 
Path integral quantization and stochastic quantization / 
Broken hearts : a novel of suspense / 
Money, banking, and  financial markets / 
Selling fish / 
Mechanisation and automation in dairy technology / 
Apocalyptic time / 
Perspectives of mutual encounters in South Asian history, 1760-1860 / 
Design and technology of packaging decoration for the consumer market / 
Asphyxia and drowning : an atlas / 
Investigation of road traffic fatalities : an atlas / 
Wolf howl / 
Pattern and process in macroecology / 
A pocket reference for psychiatrists / 
Medical short cases for students / 
On the eighth day Adam slept alone : new poems / 
A historian's coast : adventures into the Tidewater past / 
Little red car in the snow / 
Thunder and lightning : cracking open the writer's craft / 
Oxford physics in the thirteenth century (ca. 1250-1270) : motion, infinity, place, and time / 
CE conformity marking/ 
Novel cytokine inhibitors / 
LASIK : clinical co-management / 
I sure am glad to see you, Blackboard Bear / 
Desk reference on American government / 
No More! : stories and songs of slave resistance  / 
Medical terminology for health professions / 
Illustrated great decisions of the Supreme Court / 
We the students : Supreme Court decisions for and about students / 
Skyscrapers : an architectural type of modern urbanism / 
High voltage engineering : fundamentals / 
Environmental impacts of aquaculture / 
Vacuolar compartments / 
Herbicides and their mechanisms of action / 
Kienast Vogt : Aussenräume = open spaces / 
Breathing cities  : the architecture of movement / 
Aristotle's theory of predication / 
The art of conversion : Christianity and Kabbalah in the thirteenth century / 
Nicholas of Lyra : the senses of Scripture / 
Pleasure and the good life : Plato, Aristotle, and the Neoplatonists / 
Narrative sculpture and literary traditions in South and Southeast Asia / 
Poetry for patrons : literary communication in the age of Domitian / 
Early medieval Rome and the Christian West : essays in honour of Donald A. Bullough / 
Murder at Pearl Harbor : a novel / 
Fractals and dynamic systems in geoscience / 
Love in the garden / 
Hegel and Aristotle / 
Lee and his generals : the ultimate trivia book / 
Thermodynamics for engineers / 
Applied ecology and environmental management / 
Sign language in Indo-Pakistan : a description of a signed language / 
The microbiology of safe food / 
The architect in practice / 
Fisheries oceanography : an integrative approach to fisheries ecology and management / 
Wooden fish songs / 
Getting horses fit : a guide to improving performance / 
Second-class citizen / 
Structures of reform : the Mercedarian Order in the Spanish Golden Age / 
Power marketing for small business / 
Franchise bible : how to buy a franchise or franchise your own business / 
Strategic insights : decision-making tools for business leaders / 
Common culture : reading and writing about American popular culture / 
People of the earth : an introduction to world prehistory / 
Financial accounting / 
La locura como pasion : Freud, Lacan, Winnicot, Foucault / 
English language arts and reading on the Internet : a resource for K-12 teachers / 
Graphics concepts with Pro/ENGINEER / 
Best golf course management practices / 
Politics and change in the Middle East : sources of conflict and accommodation / 
Politics in America / 
Essentials of systems analysis and design / 
A history of modern psychology / 
Asking the right questions : a guide to critical thinking / 
The birth and growth of a nation : hands-on projects about symbols of American liberty / 
The king of Scots / 
Ghost songs : a Palestinian love story / 
African broadcast cultures : radio in transition / 
Light at dusk / 
The modern fantastic : the films of David Cronenberg / 
Concepts in systems and signals / 
Consumer behavior : a framework / 
Clinical competencies for occupational therapy / 
Automation, production systems and computer-integrated manufacturing / 
Digital electronics : a simplified approach / 
Introduction to engineering analysis / 
Graphics concepts / 
Planning for real time event response management / 
Advertising : a framework / 
The construction industry : processes, players, and practices / 
New approaches to elementary classroom music / 
SAP R/3 reporting and e-business intelligence / 
Unix and Windows 2000 handbook : planning, integration, and administration / 
The biology of the skin / 
Arriba! : comunicación y cultura / 
Murdering Mum / 
Master of the crossroads / 
In wisdom's path : discovering the sacred in every season / 
Organ transplants : making the most of your gift of life / 
North Korea : a strange socialist fortress / 
Poverty, ethnicity, and gender in Eastern Europe during the market transition / 
Extraordinary behavior : a case study approach to understanding social problems / 
Behind the ballot box : a citizen's guide to voting systems / 
Manifest destinies : Americanizing immigrants and internationalizing Americans / 
Book illustrated : text, image, and culture,  1770-1930 / 
Microcomputer theory and servicing / 
The Lochner court, myth and reality : substantive due process from the 1890s to the 1930s / 
Electronics fundamentals : circuits, devices, and applications / 
Close protection : the politics of guarding Russia's rulers / 
OrCAD Pspice and circuit analysis / 
Manufacturing processes for technology / 
Applied manufacturing process planning : with emphasis on metal forming and machining / 
Covered wagons : hands-on projects about America's westward expansion / 
Nationalism and ethnic conflict : philosophical perspectives / 
Addictions & substance abuse : strategies for advanced practice nursing / 
Hitler's traitor : Martin Bormann and the defeat of the Reich / 
Medical office pharmacology / 
Dates in neurology / 
An American story / 
America's way with the world / 
Materials & techniques in the decorative arts : an illustrated dictionary / 
Nuclear weapons and international law in the post Cold War world / 
Public & private economic adviser : Paul W. McCracken / 
Messianic Jewish congregations : who sold this business to the gentiles? / 
The keys to French opera in the nineteenth century / 
The contemporary violin : extended performance techniques / 
Western music and its others : difference, representation, and appropriation in music / 
Manassas : a novel of the war / 
Logic and the art of memory : the quest for a universal language / 
Isles of refuge : wildlife and history of the northwestern Hawaiian Islands / 
The typhoon of war : Micronesian experiences of the Pacific war / 
The origins of the Chosŏn dynasty / 
Built in Texas / 
Tuberculosis / 
And I will dwell in their midst : Orthodox Jews in suburbia / 
Pure unlimited love : an eternal creative force and blessing taught by all religions / 
Out east of Aline : an adoption memoir / 
The far Southwest, 1846-1912 : a territorial history / 
The thinking skills workbook : a cognitive skills remediation manual for adults / 
The niche narrows : new and selected poems / 
Through a night of horrors : voices from the 1900 Galveston storm / 
The future of the disabled in liberal society : an ethical analysis / 
The type 2 diabetes sourcebook / 
The diet trap : your seven-week plan to lose weight without losing yourself / 
Even the rhinos were nymphos : best nonfiction / 
Utopia's garden : French natural history from Old Regime to Revolution / 
They can't take that away from me / 
The bottlenose dolphin : biology and conservation / 
Not afraid of flavor : recipes from Magnolia Grill / 
Ice age : stories / 
Philip Vera Cruz : a personal history of Filipino immigrants and the Farmworkers movement / 
Personal fiction writing : a guide to writing from real life for teachers, students, and writers / 
From British peasants to colonial American farmers / 
Lavender : the grower's guide / 
In their own way : discovering and encouraging your child's multiple intelligences / 
Squeamish about sushi and other food adventures in Japan / 
Sister Emily's lightship and other stories / 
Of wonders and wise men : religion and popular cultures in southeast Mexico, 1800-1876 / 
Women and the politics of self-representation in seventeenth-century France / 
Refiguring Huckleberry Finn / 
Bud, not Buddy / 
Wilderness road / 
The promise remains : a novella / 
TV moms : an illustrated guide / 
Sewing edges and corners : decorative techniques for your home and wardrobe / 
Telling a good one : the process of a Native American collaborative biography / 
A youth in the Meuse-Argonne : a memoir, 1917-1918 / 
Culture, genre, and literary vocation : selected essays on American literature / 
Can we wear our pearls and still be feminists? : memoirs of a campus struggle / 
From the heart of the Crow country : the Crow Indians' own stories / 
Sentimental confessions : spiritual narratives of nineteenth-century African American women / 
Pynchon and Mason & Dixon / 
A curious & ingenious art : reflections on daguerreotypes at Harvard / 
Stories of the old West : tales of the mining camp, cavalry troop & cattle ranch / 
This is where we live : short stories by 25 contemporary North Carolina writers / 
Exploration & exchange : a South Seas anthology, 1680-1900 / 
Adventures in Africa / 
Economic policy reform : the second stage / 
Tent show : Arthur Names and his "famous" players / 
Creolization in the Americas / 
In Custer's shadow : Major Marcus Reno / 
Waltzing with the ghost of Tom Joad poverty, myth, and low-wage labor in Oklahoma / 
Applied logic / 
The disappearance of God : five nineteenth-century writers / 
Spiritual seeing : picturing God's invisibility in medieval art / 
Ezekiel's horse : photographs / 
Help your marriage survive the death of a child / 
Plato / 
Duh! : the stupid history of the human race / 
Crazy cats / 
The Babe book : baseball's greatest legend remembered / 
Words of wisdom : selected quotes from His Holiness the Dalai Lama / 
Mining for gold on the internet / 
Valuing a business : the analysis and appraisal of closely held companies / 
Asset allocation : balancing financial risk / 
The art of M&A due diligence : navigating critical steps & uncovering crucial data / 
Bear's guide to the best MBAs by distance learning / 
Locks, safes, and security : an international police reference / 
The Bradford studies of strategic decision making / 
Perspectives on crime reduction / 
Chinese law and legal theory / 
Japanese law : readings in the political economy of Japanese law / 
Diatomaceous earth filtration for safe drinking water / 
Recipes from home / 
Criminology / 
Civilization in the West / 
Partnering for performance : unleashing the power of finance in the 21st-century organization / 
Making change happen one person at a time : assessing change capacity within your organization / 
Introduction to finance / 
Equipping the saints : mobilizing laity for ministry / 
Higher regulators, algebraic K-theory, and zeta functions of elliptic curves / 
Lead hazard evaluation and control in buildings / 
Chemistry and biology of mineralized tissues : proceedings of the sixth international conference / 
Transition costs of fundamental tax reform / 
Intellectual property rights in emerging markets / 
Principles and methods of quality management in health care / 
Composition, printing, and performance : studies in Renaissance music / 
Music in eighteenth-century Britain / 
Eye witness : artists and visual documentation in Britain 1770-1830 / 
The fear of crime / 
The politics of the postcommunist world / 
Making connections : the long-distance bus industry in the United States / 
Singapore / 
Ratz are nice : PSP / 
Pillow talk II : more lesbian stories between the covers / 
Advanced microeconomic theory / 
Microwave radar : imaging and advanced concepts / 
Introduction to wireless local loop : broadband and narrowband systems / 
Computational electrodynamics : 
Understanding microwave heating cavities / 
Rhode Island : the spirit of America / 
(un)Fashion / 
John James Audubon in the West : the last expedition : mammals of North America / 
Out of time : designs for the twentieth-century future / 
Little red car plays taxi / 
Little red car gets into trouble / 
The French Polynesia dive guide / 
Assessment and treatment of school-age language disorders : a resource manual / 
Management of the voice and its disorders / 
Essays on nursing leadership / 
Key aspects of preventing and managing chronic illness / 
Behçet's disease : a guide to its clinical understanding : textbook and atlas / 
Diagnosis and treatment of lung cancer / an evidence-based guide for the practicing clinician / 
Nelson review of pediatrics / 
Fiber science and technology / 
The grapes of math : mind stretching math riddles / 
Measuring occupational performance : supporting best practice in occupational therapy / 
Professional behaviors in athletic training / 
Athletic training student guide to success / 
Individuals in context : a practical guide to client-centered practice / 
The blue laser diode : the complete story / 
Machine vision algorithms in Java : techniques and implementation / 
Embryology of dolphins : staging and ageing of embryos and fetuses of some Cetaceans / 
Information and coding theory / 
Impacts and the early earth / 
Fertilization in protozoa and metazoan animals : cellular and molecular aspects / 
Practical geostatistics [computer file] : modeling and spatial analysis / 
The feminine "no!" : psychoanalysis and the new canon / 
White banners : contention in ʻAbbāsid Syria, 750-880 / 
Deep ecology and world religions : new essays on sacred grounds / 
Brazil built : the architecture of the modern movement in Brazil / 
The regeneration of public parks / 
Twentieth century industrial archaeology / 
The modern city revisited / 
The terrible power of a minor guilt : literary essays / 
A room of his own : in search of the feminine in the novels of Saul Bellow / 
The Cairo House : a novel / 
King of the half hour : Nat Hiken and the golden age of TV comedy / 
Nurses in the political arena : the public face of nursing / 
Aging in good health : multidisciplinary perspectives / 
Manual of canine and feline cardiology / 
Muller & Kirk's small animal dermatology / 
Pocket companion to textbook of veterinary internal medicine / 
Small animal toxicology / 
Fanny Kemble's civil wars / 
The word museum : the most remarkable English ever forgotten / 
Rock, paper, scissors : a novel of political intrigue / 
Organic chemistry laboratory : 
Introduction to spectroscopy : a guide for students of organic chemistry / 
Kangaroo dreaming : an Australian wildlife odyssey / 
Seasons of the Arctic / 
Made not born : the troubling world of biotechnology / 
On writing : a memoir of the craft / 
Never too late : a prosecutor's story of justice in the Medgar Evers case / 
Noodling for flatheads / 
A whale hunt / 
The pocket guide to ophthalmology review / 
Infectious diseases in women / 
Atlas of emergency radiology / 
21st century dog : a visionary compendium / 
Deadly embrace / 
Turtle conservation / 
Rock & wall climbing / 
Developing decision-making skills for business / 
The clansman : an historical romance of the Ku Klux Klan / 
Walker Percy's sacramental landscapes : the search in the desert / 
Desirada / 
Mapping Wisconsin history : teacher's guide and student materials / 
Biology, brains, and behavior : the evolution of human development / 
Conservation of plant genetic resources in vitro / 
Multiple stressors in ecological risk and impact assessment : approaches to risk estimation / 
Inside log homes : the art & spirit of home décor / 
Indestructible truth : the living spirituality of Tibetan Buddhism / 
And the sea is never full : memoirs, 1969- / 
Unsleeping : poems / 
Asia's financial crisis and the role of real estate / 
Creative rug hooking / 
Endocrinology / 
Complications of urologic surgery / 
Internet resources for nurses / 
Nursing informatics : education for practice / 
Communication, technology and aging : opportunities and challenges for the future / 
Sexual violence on campus : policies, programs, and perspectives / 
What you really need to know about living with depression / 
What you really need to know about breast cancer / 
What you really need to know about caring for someone after a stroke / 
The Kingfisher book of great boy stories : a treasury of classics from children's literature / 
Multifetal pregnancy : a handbook for care of the pregnant patient  / 
Buster's new friend / 
Permanent family placement for children of minority ethnic origin / 
Interpersonal psychoanalytic perspectives on relevance, dismissal and self-definition / 
The psychology of ageing : an introduction / 
Therapeutic dimensions of autobiography in creative writing / 
Gift of being : a theology of creation / 
All our relations : blood ties and emotional bonds among the early South Carolina gentry / 
Non-judicial dispute settlement in international financial transactions / 
Packaging forensics : package failure in the courts / 
Inside the Hindenburg / 
Great interview : successful strategies for getting hired / 
Taoist yoga and sexual energy : transforming your body, mind, and spirit / 
Pulmonary immunotoxicology / 
Pediatric nursing / 
Handbook of dialysis / 
The Rainbow Spirit in creation : a reading of Genesis 1 / 
This is our church : a guide for children / 
Writing the passions / 
Beware of the storybook wolves / 
A short history of the American nation / 
Making ceramic sculpture : techniques, projects, inspirations / 
Etching glass : 20 simple, elegant projects to etch with easy-to-use creams and liquids / 
Chemistry : an industry-based laboratory manual / 
Environmental restoration of metals-contaminated soils / 
Psychodrama with trauma survivors : acting out your pain / 
Mathematical morphology and its applications to image and signal processing / 
Electrothermal analysis of VLSI systems / 
Data dissemination in wireless computing environments / 
Mechanical behaviour of engineering materials / 
Implementing ecological integrity : restoring regional and global enivronmental and human health / 
Surviving post-natal depression : at home, no one hears you scream / 
Formal aspects of context / 
Learning from others : international comparisons in education / 
Lyme disease / 
Bippity Bop barbershop / 
Plays / 
The looking book / 
Midlands invitational 2000 : works on paper / 
The playmaker / 
Florian Znaniecki's sociological theory and the challenges of 21st century / 
Organs, organisms, organisations : organic form in 19th-century discourse / 
The church as nation : a study in ecclesiology and nationhood / 
Long-term unemployment and reemployment policies / 
Marketing, distribution, and users of annuities / 
Casting off the shackles of family : Ibsen's Nora figure in modern Chinese literature, 1918-1942 / 
American diner then and now / 
Cryptosporidiosis and microsporidiosis / 
Fundamentals of international business transactions / 
Aortic surgery / 
Lexicon development for speech and language processing / 
Vascular ultrasound of the neck : an interpretive atlas / 
German parliamentary debates, 1848-1933 / 
Drowned moon : stories / 
The white separatist movement in the United States : "white power, white pride!" / 
The self-help guide for special kids and their parents / 
It's me, Marva : a story about color & optical illusions / 
The American Supreme Court / 
Cicero, Catullus, and the language of social performance / 
A century of early ecocriticism / 
The Emerson dilemma : essays on Emerson and social reform / 
Full frontal fiction : the best of Nerve.com / 
Beautiful brows : the ultimate guide to styling, shaping, and maintaining your eyebrows / 
The Mathematica guidebook for graphics / 
The Mathematica guidebook for programming / 
Children of the slaughter : young people of the Holocaust / 
Marine mammal preservation / 
The trickster-function in the theatre of García Lorca / 
The nine muses : a mythological path to creativity / 
One river, many wells : wisdom springing from global faiths / 
Trickster lives : culture and myth in American fiction / 
Through the wheat : a novel of the World War I Marines / 
The sleeper awakes / 
The insatiability of human wants : economics and aesthetics in market society / 
Asia's crisis and new paradigm / 
A do-it-yourself dystopia : the Americanization of big brother / 
Henry M. Jackson : a life in politics / 
Arctic discoveries : images from voyages of four decades in the North / 
Teaching mathematics to the new standards : relearning the dance / 
Construction sites : excavating race, class, and gender among urban youth / 
Quick & light : 
Pasta & more! / 
Close calls : Jan Reid's Texas / 
Whistleberries, stirabout, & depression cake / 
A touch of betrayal / 
Cultivating the empty field : the silent illumination of Zen Master Hongzhi / 
Matthew Arnold revisited / 
The teachers & writers handbook of poetic forms / 
Caldecott connections to social studies / 
Twisted scriptures : breaking free from churches that abuse / 
Moral choices : an introduction to ethics / 
Myth and identity in the epic of Imperial Spain / 
Secret of the muses retold : classical influences on Italian authors of the twentieth century / 
Transforming ideas : selected profiles in University of Rochester research and scholarship / 
So far from God : the U.S. war with Mexico, 1846-1848 / 
The fossil vertebrates of Florida / 
Kachinas in the Pueblo world / 
The life of Buddhism / 
A theory of parody : the teachings of twentieth-century art forms / 
The anti-rent era in New York law and politics, 1839-1865 / 
Witchcraft in America / 
Slavery throughout history. Primary sources / 
Allergy-free gardening : the revolutionary guide to healthy landscaping / 
Crochet with style : fun-to-make sweaters for all seasons / 
Camilo José Cela revisited : the later novels / 
Richard Ford / 
From pathology to politics : public health in America / 
Nuclear monopoly / 
Kids write right! : what you need to be a writing powerhouse / 
Vietnam and other American fantasies / 
The Messiah comes tomorrow : tales from the American shtetl / 
Elizabeth Murray : a woman's pursuit of independence in eighteenth-century America / 
The clouds in Memphis : stories and novellas / 
A history of American literary journalism : the emergence of a modern narrative form / 
Archaeology and the Galilean Jesus : a re-examination of the evidence / 
The intertextual Jesus : scripture in Q / 
Experiencing the knowing of faith : an epistemology of religious formation / 
Landscapes of wisdom : in search of a spirituality of knowing / 
Sherman and the burning of Columbia / 
On women turning 70 : honoring the voices of wisdom / 
The outsider / 
Part of the bargain / 
A matter of circumstance / 
All that glitters / 
Places in the dark / 
The Talbot odyssey / 
Suspicion of malice : a Gail Connor and Anthony Quintana novel / 
Death in paradise : a Henrie O mystery / 
Daring moves / 
Mom's little book of displaying children's art / 
Action rhymes for you and your friends / 
Baby's book of trucks / 
A still small voice / 
Pedagogy of the oppressed / 
Comfort women : sexual slavery in the Japanese military during World War II  / 
Making love the way we used to-- or better : secrets to satisfying midlife sexuality / 
My dangerous desires : a queer girl dreaming her way home / 
Raw material : producing pathology in Victorian culture / 
Men without women : masculinity and revolution in Russian fiction, 1917-1929 / 
The book of the bagpipe / 
Strategic thinking / 
Information technology / 
Project management / 
Managing budgets / 
Living textures : a creative guide to combining colors and textures in the home / 
One memory at a time : inspiration and advice for writing your family story / 
Antigone's claim : kinship between life and death / 
The world in the time of Albert Einstein / 
Exploration into Japan / 
The seven wonders of the medieval world / 
The world in the time of Charlemagne / 
The endocrine system / 
Painters and the American West : the Anschutz collection / 
The Battle of Midway / 
Beacons of Hooper Strait / 
Modern livestock & poultry production / 
Beauty : things to make and do / 
Nursing theories and nursing practice / 
Washington, D.C. / 
By Lizzie / 
Why bother? Why not! : a Hollywood insider shows you how to live like a star, in a snap! / 
Jefferson Davis  : confederate president / 
The IRA, 1968-2000 : analysis of a secret army / 
Multimedia image and video processing / 
Computational intelligence in telecommunications networks / 
Chemistry : an industry-based introduction with CD-ROM / 
1100 words you need to know / 
The word & song Christmas storybook : a celebration of God's gift of love / 
Going online at home : how to make the Internet a family activity / 
Evolutionary computation / 
For love and glory : a novel of World War II / 
The power of collaborative leadership : lessons for the learning organization / 
Intelligent machines : myths and realities / 
Current methods in forensic gunshot residue analysis / 
Forensic interpretation of glass evidence / 
The big little book of Jewish wit and wisdom / 
Weimaraners : everything about housing, care, nutrition, breeding, and health care / 
Boxers : everything about housing, care, nutrition, breeding, and health care / 
American pit bull terriers/American Staffordshire terriers / 
The Lulla Bible : a musical treasury for mother and baby / 
Zoo and aquarium history : ancient animal collections to zoological gardens / 
Managing currency risk using foreign exchange options / 
The promotion of wellness in children and adolescents / 
The living tomb / 
The Chihuahua handbook / 
A commonsense guide to fish health / 
The historical cookbook of the American Negro / 
Landslides and tsunamis / 
The reinventor's fieldbook : tools for transforming your government / 
Picasso : the Communist years / 
Putting out the fire of addiction : a holistic guide to recovery / 
What the Bible teaches about spiritual warfare / 
U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum / 
The Confederate spirit : valor, sacrifice, and honor / 
The provisional city : Los Angeles stories of architecture and urbanism / 
Dynamic logic / 
Computational vision : information processing in perception and visual behavior / 
Sweetest heart : a book about love / 
Brilliant Brain banishes boredom / 
Civilization past & present / 
An actor's guide, your first year in Hollywood / 
Making independent films : advice from the filmmakers / 
Verbal complexes / 
Generative theory and corpus studies : a dialogue from 10 ICEHL / 
The New Yorker book of technology cartoons / 
Management of patients at high risk for breast cancer / 
Small-cap dynamics : insights, analysis, and models / 
A Roman fort / 
Hand therapy : principles and practice / 
The evangelical heritage : a study in historical theology / 
The principles of literature : a guide for readers and writers / 
A first book of ANSI C / 
Well done, Worm! / 
Blasphemy and exaltation in Judaism : the charge against Jesus in Mark 14:53-65 / 
Fighting knights : a where's Waldo? fun fact book / 
Jewish backgrounds of the New Testament / 
Hand recovery after stroke : exercises and results measurements / 
Sensor array signal processing / 
Handbook for restoring tidal wetlands / 
Strike and hold : a memoir of the 82nd Airborne in World War II / 
Soups & stews for fall and winter days / 
Faith journey : special edition / 
Computer busses design and application / 
Development of mathematics 1950-2000 / 
The sport of cooking : the gourmet guide for rookies / 
Low-carb meals in minutes / 
Keys to buying and owning a home / 
Dear house : mission becomes you : Gilmor Sloane House, Stony Point, New York, 1949-1999 / 
Handbook of hydrocolloids / 
Pultrusion for engineers / 
Ultra-wideband radar technology / 
Food shelf life stability : chemical, biochemical, and microbiological changes / 
The electric power engineering handbook / 
Early literacy : the empowerment of technology / 
Gender, welfare state, and the market : towards a new division of labour / 
Multinational corporations : emergence and evolution / 
Identity and marginality : rethinking Christianity in North east Asia / 
The politics of presidential selection / 
Linear quadratic control : an introduction / 
The story of architecture / 
The fast and simple cookbook / 
Gender, power and organisations : an introduction / 
Challenging democracy : international perspectives on gender, education and citizenship / 
Global climate change and cold regions ecosystems / 
The International Confederation of Free Trade Unions / 
Growing up severely autistic : they call me Gabriel / 
The Iliad / 
Learning to live with high functioning autism : a parent's guide for professionals / 
Environmental toxicology : impacts of environmental toxicants on living systems / 
Searching the Internet / 
Dear Isaac : a father's legacy to his son / 
Why dogs are better than kids / 
Best of the best from Arizona cookbook : selected recipes from Arizona's favorite cookbooks / 
Pumped : straight facts for athletes about drugs, supplements, and training / 
A school-wide approach to student-led conferences : a practitioner's guide / 
Writing logically, thinking critically / 
The night the Fitz went down / 
Learning about school violence : lessons for educators, parents, students, and communities / 
Stochastic population models : a compartmental perspective / 
Solving problems in genetics / 
Mesoscopic physics of complex materials / 
Introduction to cryptography / 
High-resolution CT of the chest : comprehensive atlas / 
Readings in the theory of economic development / 
Counselor supervision : principles, process, and practice / 
The changing population of China / 
Human resource management in Northern Europe : trends, dilemmas, and strategy / 
Rube Waddell : the zany, brilliant life of a strikeout artist / 
The inner art of vegetarianism : spiritual practices for body and soul / 
Managing Generation X : how to bring out the best in young talent / 
Branding.com : online branding for marketing success / 
The curmudgeon woman / 
Historic creeds : a journal / 
Simple conventions / 
Competitive bidding / 
Your first 20 deals / 
Domestic crimes, family violence and child abuse : a study of contemporary American society / 
Greenhouses for homeowners and gardeners / 
Snake oil, hustlers and hambones : the American medicine show / 
Unexpected journey : a Marine Corps Reserve Company in the Korean War / 
John Deere two-cylinder collectibles / 
NASCAR transporters / 
Introduction to forest ecology and silviculture / 
Festive culture in Germany and Europe from the sixteenth to the twentieth century / 
The female stress syndrome survival guide / 
XML step by step / 
Fundamentals of vibrations / 
Picture play quilts / 
The priest's service book : expanded and supplemented : the daily offices / 
A community of readers : a thematic approach to reading / 
Qualitative reading inventory, 3 / 
Handbook of adult and continuing education / 
100 Christian books that changed the century / 
Healing dreams : exploring the dreams that can transform your life / 
Raising a nonviolent child / 
A Tuscan seduction : a romantic cookbook for two / 
High-yield surgery / 
Life without bread : how a low-carbohydrate diet can save your life / 
Jeff Gordon : rainbow warrior / 
This day in sports / 
Empowering employees / 
Rock your world : a 365-day Christian devotional for young people / 
Women and political power : Europe since 1945 / 
Marion Jones : fast and fearless / 
Piero Sraffa's political economy : a centenary estimate / 
Philosophy of religion : an introduction with readings / 
The psalms : a journal / 
Advertising and consumer citizenship : gender, images, and rights / 
Tony Stewart / 
African Americans and the Bible : sacred texts and social textures / 
Encyclopedia of the U.S. Census / 
Transportation economics : theory and practice : a case study approach / 
Victims of cruelty : somatic psychotherapy in the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder / 
The power of love to transform our lives and our world / 
New medications for drug abuse / 
Myths and legends of the world / 
What our speech disrupts : feminism and creative writing studies / 
The big book of humorous training games / 
Using technology in K-8 literacy classrooms / 
Dr. Ruth's guide to college life  : the savvy student's handbook / 
Food's frontier : the next green revolution / 
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass, an American slave / 
Abishag's lament / 
Universal-International westerns, 1947-1963 : the complete filmography / 
Catching the rhythm of love : experience your way to a spectacular marriage / 
Saying goodbye : a special farewell to Mama Nkwelle / 
NAFSA's guide to international student recruitment / 
Make it home before dark : God's call to holiness in our walk with Him / 
Language, power, and pedagogy : bilingual children in the crossfire / 
Foreign language and culture learning from a dialogic perspective / 
Language revitalization processes and prospects : Quichua in the Ecuadorian Andes / 
Statistics and data analysis for the behavioral sciences / 
Race and justice / 
Sober faith / 
The thrifty investor : penny-wise strategies for investors on a budget / 
Sentence skills with readings / 
Selected dialogues of Plato : the Benjamin Jowett translation / 
A tale of the Shoah : a tragedy of the Holocaust : a narrative poem / 
A joyful soul : messages from a saint for our times / 
Different hours : poems / 
House and senate / 
Colored pencil solution book / 
Besieged / 
Multicultural education : a teacher's guide to linking context process, and content / 
Contexts of teaching : methods for middle and high school instruction / 
Medicine : 
The unity of Hegel's Phenomenology of spirit : a systematic interpretation / 
R U 4 real? / 
Death understood : a Denise Cleever thriller / 
Treasured past / 
Slumber parties : 25 fun-filled party themes / 
Jazz / 
Unlock poems by Bei dao/ 
Stars in khaki : movie actors in the Army and the air services / 
Black company : the story of Subchaser 1264 / 
Ashgate handbook of endocrine agents and steroids / 
Urban fortunes : property and inheritance in the town, 1700-1900 / 
Planning, implementing, and evaluating health promotion programs : a primer / 
Case studies in non-directive play therapy / 
A century of psychiatry, psychotherapy, and group analysis : a search for integration / 
Social problems in a diverse society / 
Training in the workplace : critical perspectives in learning at work / 
Social divisions / 
My head and my heart : sex, love, life, and the unconscious / 
A Southern style Christmas / 
Mastering customer service / 
The U.S.S. Constitution / 
Honoring our past, building our future : a history of the New York State Nurses Association / 
Working with Hannah : a special girl in a mainstream  school / 
Women, educational policy-making, and administration in England : authoritative women since 1800 / 
Developing the ICT capable school / 
The psychology of teaching and learning in the primary school / 
Minds and bodies : an introduction with readings / 
Femininity and the physically active woman / 
Associative polymers in aqueous media / 
Understanding violence / 
Ashgate handbook of anti-infective agents / 
Resurrection songs : the poetry of Thomas Lovell Beddoes / 
Records of girlhood : an anthology of nineteenth-century women's childhoods / 
From idea to essay : a rhetoric, reader, and handbook / 
The elements of technical writing / 
The will to kill : making sense of senseless murder / 
Men's lives / 
English fundamentals, form A / 
Microeconomic policy / 
Winning ways of coaching writing : a practical guide for teaching writing, grades 6-12 / 
Alternate assessment of students with disabilities in inclusive settings / 
Understanding audits and the auditor's report : 
Understanding WAP : wireless applications, devices, and services / 
Neural networks for RF and microwave design / 
System-on-a-chip : design and test / 
The family lawyer's guide to building successful client relationships / 
Mystics after modernism : discovering the seeds of a new science in the Renaissance / 
Africa in world politics : a Pan-African perspective / 
Mountain rivers / 
Geocomplexity and the physics of earthquakes / 
Guide to ASTM test methods for the analysis of petroleum products and lubricants / 
Economic reforms in Ghana : the myth and the mirage / 
Tres meses en la escuela de Isaías : estudios sobre el libro de Isaías / 
Fisheries economics : collected essays / 
Law of the sea / 
Risk management / 
What really killed Rosebud? / 
Freedom of information / 
The Fermat diary / 
Winning the outsourcing game : making the best deals and making them work / 
Who am I? II : 
Library Web site policies / 
Washington's new poor law : welfare reform and the roads not taken-- 1935 to the present / 
Let's learn Twi = Ma yensua Twi / 
Full creel : a Nick Lyons reader / 
Pet peeves, or, Whatever happened to Doctor Rawff? / 
Facing the challenge of liability in psychotherapy : practicing defensively / 
Franklin's father Josiah : life of a colonial Boston tallow chandler, 1657-1745 / 
The Serengeti's great migration / 
Provence / 
Literacies, lies & silences : girls writing lives in the classroom / 
A strategy for reading biblical texts / 
The best-loved short stories of Jesse Stuart / 
Stewardship : a parish handbook / 
Angeles guardianes y guías espirituales : contacte su ayuda invisible / 
Simple fitness exercises : traditional Chinese movements for health & rejuvenation / 
Honoring the dead : Catholics and cremation today / 
Termites : evolution, sociality, symbioses, ecology / 
Metabolic engineering of plant secondary metabolism / 
Nonstandard analysis for the working mathematician / 
Saponins in food, feedstuffs, and medicinal plants / 
Sustainable forest management / 
Upscaling and downscaling methods for environmental research / 
National parks / 
Halloween / 
The Gulf of Mexico / 
The Atlantic Ocean / 
Delegated legislation and the role of committees in the EC / 
The angel and the sword / 
Creative selling / 
The mushroom lover's mushroom cookbook and primer / 
Agricultural mechanics : fundamentals & applications / 
License to drive in Ohio / 
License to drive in New Jersey / 
License to drive in Mississippi / 
License to drive in Massachusetts / 
Introductory horticulture / 
The complete lab manual for industrial electricity / 
Hazardous materials chemistry / 
Human resources management for the hospitality industry / 
A practical guide to fares and ticketing / 
Math principles for food service occupations / 
Aquaculture science / 
Student teaching : early childhood practicum guide / 
Floriculture : designing & merchandising / 
Entry-level exam review for respiratory care : guidelines for success / 
Week by week : plans for observing and recording young children / 
Visual workout : creativity workbook / 
Graphic design solutions / 
Electrician's technical reference. Variable frequency drives / 
Baseball's best shots : the greatest baseball photography of all time / 
Grand Canyon National Park / 
So many sounds / 
Turn it off! / 
Haleakalā National Park / 
I love rocks / 
Canals / 
Tunnels  / 
Essential postgraduate surgery / 
Core clinical skills for OSCEs in medicine / 
Gynaecology illustrated / 
Basic surgical operations / 
The accidental vegan / 
50+ and looking for love on line / 
The herbal medicine-makers' handbook : a home manual / 
Overcoming sleep disorders : a natural approach / 
Advanced Celtic shamanism / 
East meets Southwest : natural fusion cuisine / 
Feng shui demystified / 
Daily word for healing : blessing your life with messages of hope and renewal / 
Extraordinary explorers and adventurers / 
Madonna : blonde ambition / 
Health, safety, and nutrition for the young child / 
Early education curriculum : a child's connection to the world / 
Growing artists : teaching art to young children / 
The searching hearts / 
Strange fits of passion / 
Eminence / 
The complete Bolivian diaries of Ché Guevara : and other captured documents / 
General of the Army : George C. Marshall, soldier and statesman / 
The war journal of Major Damon "Rocky" Gause / 
The red tent / 
Windy City wild : Chicago's natural wonders / 
Churchill's pocketbook of diabetes / 
Control of cognitive processes : attention and performance XVIII / 
Case studies in educational psychology / 
Linear algebra with applications / 
Grand finishes for carpentry : a step-by-step guide through molding installation projects / 
Blueprint reading for the machine trades / 
Steal this computer book : what they won't tell you about the Internet / 
Pulmonary science and medicine : a review of fundamental principles / 
Electronic communications for technicians / 
Understanding business systems in developing countries / 
Theoretical perspectives for direct social work practice : a generalist-eclectic approach / 
How to make your own will : with forms / 
How to write your own living will : with forms / 
Laser processing and chemistry / 
Keeping a nature journal : discover a whole new way of seeing the world around you / 
Challenges for action theories / 
Satellite systems for personal and broadband communications / 
Complex systems : chaos and beyond : a constructive approach with applications in life sciences / 
Astrometry of fundamental catalogues : the evolution from optical to radio reference frames / 
Carbon and nitrogen cycling in European forest ecosystems / 
Hemoglobin function in vertebrates : molecular adaptation in extreme and temperate environments / 
Geometric methods and applications : for computer science and engineering / 
Modeling survival data : extending the Cox model / 
Asymptotics in statistics : some basic concepts / 
Introduction to graphical modelling / 
Mathematics for econometrics / 
Block designs : a randomization approach / 
Misty of Chincoteague / 
How to file for divorce in Massachusetts : with forms / 
Classics of strategy and counsel : 
The nature and science of reflections / 
Frank the friendly frogasaurus meets T-Rex in the forest / 
I still talk to-- / 
Seasons of the trail / 
Empire dreams / 
Managerial economics : analysis, problems, cases / 
Contemporary business statistics with Microsoft Excel / 
Washington, D.C. / 
The Presidency / 
Treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia / 
Sabiston textbook of surgery : 
The Situe stories / 
Tolerance and intolerance : social conflict in the age of the Crusades / 
Lemon balm / 
Raising a healthy rabbit / 
Paul Landres : a director's stories / 
No film in my camera / 
The business : a novel / 
Shark tales : true (and amazing) stories from America's lawyers / 
The case of Dr. Sachs / 
The Ralph Nader reader / 
The clitoral truth : the secret world at your fingertips / 
Our word is our weapon : selected writings / 
Time granularities in databases, data mining, and temporal reasoning / 
Biophysics / 
Artificial neuronal networks : application to ecology and evolution / 
Fungal strategies of wood decay in trees / 
Multifield problems : state of the art / 
Perturbative quantum electrodynamics and axiomatic field theory / 
Average-case analysis of numerical problems / 
Classic outdoor color portraits : a guide for photographers ; it's your turn to make a portrait / 
Fake house : stories / 
Storey's guide to raising llamas / 
Storey's guide to raising pigs / 
Storey's guide to raising beef cattle / 
Storey's guide to raising chickens  / 
Splash! : a book about whales and dolphins / 
The Marines in World War II : from Pearl Harbor to Tokyo Bay / 
Desserts : Mediterranean flavors, California style / 
Custom guitars : 
French and Indians of Illinois River / 
Reading and hearing the book of the Twelve / 
A note slipped under the door : teaching from poems we love / 
Giant book of tofu cooking / 
Cool cardboard instruments to make & play / 
Flooring basics / 
Stencilling for the first time / 
Hellinistic economies  / 
Leisure and tourism landscapes : social and cultural geographies / 
Everyday lives in the global city : the delinking of locale and milieu / 
The changing shape of nursing practice : the role of nurses in the hospital division of labour / 
Marxist Shakespeares / 
Thinking Italian translation. Tutor's handbook / 
Continuing professional development : a practical guide for teachers and schools / 
China's spatial economic development : restless landscapes in the lower Yangzi Delta / 
Masculinity : bodies, movies, culture / 
Writing to learn : poetry and literacy across the primary curriculum / 
The Routledge companion to aesthetics / 
The science and archaeology of materials : an investigation of inorganic materials / 
Ophiolites and oceanic crust : new insights from field studies and the ocean drilling program / 
Oscar Peterson : the will to swing / 
Labs afield : hunting with America's favorite retriever / 
Phage display : a laboratory manual / 
Nonlinear differential equations in ordered spaces / 
The MAC OS 9 book / 
Digital design with CPLD applications and VHDL / 
Water pollution / 
Pattern of behavior : a short story collection / 
I wish tonight / 
The shore beyond / 
Skulduggery / 
Kinds of love, kinds of death / 
Paid in full : a Quint McCauley mystery / 
A penguin pup for Pinkerton / 
Sandinista : Carlos Fonseca and the Nicaraguan revolution / 
So Slow / 
Farewell thou busy world / 
New York City museum guide / 
Apprentice to power : a wiccan odyssey to spiritual awakening / 
Reproducing Jews : a cultural account of assisted conception in Israel / 
The lessons and legacies of the Vietnam War / 
The roots of the Vietnam War / 
Leadership and diplomacy in the Vietnam War / 
Historical memory and representations of the Vietnam War / 
Landscapes at risk? : the future of areas of outstanding natural beauty / 
Spaceships of the visitors : an illustrated guide to alien spacecraft / 
The art of breathing : 6 simple lessons to improve performance, health, and well-being / 
Tabloid culture : trash taste, popular power, and the transformation of American television / 
Tough love : Amazon encounters in the English Renaissance / 
Quick escapes, Cleveland : 25 weekend getaways from Ohio's north coast / 
Her husband / 
The Grove book of Hollywood / 
Understanding and teaching the intuitive mind : student and teacher learning / 
Hiking Wyoming's Teton and Washakie Wilderness areas / 
Hiking Maryland and Delaware / 
Zina : my life in women's tennis / 
A.J. Ayer : a life / 
The ultimate Backstreet Boys quiz book / 
Searching and researching on the Internet and the World Wide Web / 
Cenozoic tectonics and volcanism of Mexico / 
Tulsa / 
Winston S. Churchill, 1874-1965 : a comprehensive historiography and annotated bibliography / 
African American women : an annotated bibliography / 
The merciful women / 
Prehispanic settlement patterns in the upper Mantaro and Tarma drainages, Junín, Peru / 
The great depression in Europe, 1929-1939 / 
The making of the modern English state, 1460-1660 / 
Health and medicine in Britain since 1860 / 
The First World War / 
Scottish politics in the twentieth century / 
The classic serial on television and radio / 
Francophilia in English society, 1748-1815 / 
Engaging words : the culture of reading in the later Middle Ages / 
The Grand Alliance and Ukrainian refugees / 
Organizational communication for survival : making work, work / 
Co-curricular activities : 
Whitebread Protestants : food and religion in American culture / 
Contemporary Europe / 
Irwin Bazelon : a bio-bibliography / 
Building services design methodology : a practical guide / 
1,001 low-fat soups & stews : from elegant classics to hearty one-pot meals / 
Nuclear security / 
Nuclear and toxic waste / 
Biological and chemical weapons / 
Hiking Yosemite National Park / 
Raising heaven-bound kids in a hell-bent world / 
Walt Whitman : a documentary volume / 
Encyclopedia of the Holocaust / 
Turtle splash! countdown at the pond / 
The roaring twenties : an eyewitness history / 
The legend of Saladin in Western literature and historiography / 
Pan AM 103 : the bombing, the betrayals, and a bereaved family's search for justice / 
In the land of white death : an epic story of survival in the Siberian Arctic / 
Evaluating child sexual abuse : education manual for medical professionals / 
Groundwater and the environment : applications for the global community / 
Applied wetlands science and technology / 
Advocacy skills for health and social care professionals / 
Guide to information sources in engineering / 
Law and social order in the United States / 
Behavioural concerns and autistic spectrum disorders : explorations and strategies for change / 
How to get everything you ever wanted : complete guide to using your psychic common sense / 
Family functioning : the general living systems research model / 
The limbic brain / 
Student cheating and plagiarism in the Internet era : a wake-up call / 
China in the anti-Japanese War, 1937-1945 : politics, culture and society / 
Kaiser Wilhelm II / 
Sir William Jardine : a life in natural history / 
The writings of the young Marcel Proust (1885-1900) : an ideological critique / 
Politics and public policy : a Christian response : crucial considerations for governing life / 
Our God reigns : the stories behind your favorite praise and worship songs / 
Repairing texts : empirical investigations of machine translation post-editing processes / 
The glories of Mary / 
Lethal harvest / 
Cutaneous biometrics / 
25 gorgeous sweaters for the brand-new knitter / 
Wheel wizards / 
The poetics of science fiction / 
Gaspard on vacation / 
Bahá'í prayers for women : 
Interventional radiology essentials / 
Gastrointestinal problems / 
International relations / 
Neuromuscular diseases : from basic mechanisms to clinical management / 
Drugs from the sea / 
Justice in colonial Virginia / 
Yule : a celebration of light & warmth / 
The art & science of feng shui : the ancient Chinese tradition of shaping fate / 
Health care for infants and toddlers / 
Working through conflict : strategies for relationships, groups, and organizations / 
Dating & waiting : looking for love in all the right places / 
The jackal's head / 
The Disney films / 
Unending conversations : new writings by and about Kenneth Burke / 
Natural enemies : the United States and the Soviet Union in the Cold War, 1917-1991 / 
What do we know about war? / 
Skyrockets and snickerdoodles : a Cobtown story from the diaries of Lucky Hart / 
The cost of reform : the social aspect of transitional economies / 
Staying pure / 
Campus and classroom : making schooling multicultural / 
Move! : a minimalist theory of construal / 
A companion to literature from Milton to Blake / 
Literary aesthetics : a reader / 
Europe unfolding, 1648-1688 / 
A history of Australia, New Zealand, and the Pacific / 
The first European revolution, c. 970-1215 / 
Give yourself to the rain : poems for the very young / 
The Little, Brown compact handbook / 
A darkness more than night : a novel / 
Broadcast news handbook : writing, reporting, and producing / 
Newborn expectations : my first journal / 
The eighth continent : life, death, and discovery in the lost world of Madagascar / 
From Adam to Armageddon : a survey of the Bible / 
Robert Irwin's power tips for buying a house for less / 
Looking at philosophy : the unbearable heaviness of philosophy made lighter / 
Connections : reading and writing in cultural contexts / 
Firing without fear : a legal guide for conscientious employers / 
From war to peace : altered strategic landscapes in the twentieth century / 
Geostatistics for environmental scientists / 
Victorian Babylon : people, streets and images in nineteenth-century London / 
Cosimo de' Medici and the Florentine Renaissance : the patron's oeuvre / 
Dictionary of environmental science and technology / 
Portrayal of Southeast Asian refugees in recent American children's books / 
Remembering the Lower East Side : American Jewish reflections / 
The printer's error / 
Wind somewhere, and shade / 
Los diez reinos del Dharma no están más allá del pensamiento / 
Syntax for the Digital Object Identifier : 
The too-bad-it's-your-birthday book. Tender thoughts to put a smile on your wrinkly little face / 
Lt. Leary, commanding / 
Faust : a tragedy : interpretive notes, contexts, modern criticism / 
One virgin too many / 
Another country : German intellectuals, unification, and national identity / 
The researcher's toolkit : the complete guide to practitioner research / 
Demosthenes : statesman and orator / 
A history of early film / 
Intermediate Russian : a grammar and workbook / 
Thinking Italian translation : a course in translation method: Italian into English / 
Diary of an Army baker, Quartermaster Corps, Southwest Pacific, 1942-1945 / 
The advanced backpacker : a handbook of year-round, long-distance hiking / 
Route across the Rocky Mountains / 
Penguin : habitats, life cycles, food chains, threats / 
Light and sound / 
Life in outer space : the search for extraterrestrials / 
Native Americans / 
Electricity and magnetism / 
America comes of age / 
Israel / 
The human brain : essentials of behavioral neuroscience / 
Thanks for the mammogram! : fighting cancer with faith, hope, and a healthy dose of laughter / 
The shaping of a Christian family / 
How did it really happen? / 
Bodies of evidence / 
Business policy and strategy : an action guide / 
The dignity of working men : morality and the boundaries of race, class, and immigration / 
Massacre at the Champ de Mars : popular dissent and political culture in the French Revolution / 
The spirit of revolt and the quest for freedom in the cinema of the 60's / 
Human rights : new perspectives, new realities / 
Peacebuilding : a field guide / 
Cuba : the contours of change / 
Islam and politics in Kenya / 
A dance for Emilia / 
Traumatic and nontraumatic loss and bereavement : clinical theory and practice / 
God gives a song : walking with God through a crisis / 
A new birth of freedom : Abraham Lincoln and the coming of the Civil War / 
Home advantage : social class and parental intervention in elementary education / 
The life of the parties : a history of American political parties / 
The general will is citizenship : inquiries into French political thought / 
Elections to open seats in the U.S. House : where the action is / 
Imagining teachers : rethinking gender dynamics in teacher education / 
Reaching out to children and families : students model effective community service / 
Strong in the struggle : my life as a black labor activist / 
Social conflicts and collective identities / 
UK today : essential facts in an ever changing world / 
European cinema : an introduction / 
Asia Pacific transitions / 
The addicted offender : developments in British policy and practice / 
A history of work in Britain, 1880-1950 / 
Women and the city : visibility and voice in urban space / 
Anglo-Greek attitudes : studies in history / 
Education and training in a knowledge based economy / 
The eclipse of Keynesianism : the political economy of the Chicago counter-revolution / 
Cross-cultural encounters in Joseph Conrad's Malay fiction / 
The security dilemmas of Southeast Asia / 
The New Grove Wagner / 
The New Grove Stravinsky / 
The New Grove Haydn / 
Serializing fiction in the Victorian press / 
Housing : who decides? / 
Latin America and the global economy : export trade and the threat of protection / 
The Russian nuclear shield from Stalin to Yeltsin / 
Reinterpreting revolution in twentieth-century Europe / 
East of West : cross-cultural performance and the staging of difference / 
Performing O'Neill : conversations with actors and directors / 
Partnership and pragmatism : Germany's response to AIDS prevention and care / 
Mandela's children : growing up in post-apartheid South Africa / 
Freedom : an introduction with readings / 
Flaming classics : queering the film canon / 
Cocoa and chocolate, 1765-1914 / 
Self-evaluation in European schools : a story of change / 
Feminism : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies / 
Jean Baudrillard / 
The force of spirit / 
Literature as communication : the foundations of mediating criticism / 
A killing at Ball's Bluff : a Harrison Raines Civil War mystery / 
Operations research : a practical introduction / 
Balshazzar's serpent / 
Death at Epsom Downs / 
The invisible country / 
Keys to parenting your teenager / 
Athenagorae qui fertur De resurrectione mortuorum / 
Authorizing an end : the Isaiah Apocalypse and intertextuality / 
Finite element modelling of composite materials and structures / 
Food labelling / 
Mechanical testing of advanced fibre composites / 
Discourse and context in language teaching : a guide for language teachers / 
The clubhouse model : empowering applications of theory to generalist practice / 
Accidental genius : revolutionize your thinking through private writing / 
The power of spirit : how organizations transform / 
Fusion leadership : unlocking the subtle forces that change people and organizations / 
Profit building : cutting costs without cutting people / 
The crime drop in America / 
Dictionary of banking terms / 
Dictionary of real estate terms / 
Atelier 5 / 
Altruism and Christian ethics / 
Evil and Christian ethics / 
Fritz Lang's Metropolis : cinematic visions of technology and fear / 
Childhood obesity : prevention and treatment / 
A beginner's guide to graph theory / 
The Cambridge companion to Augustine / 
Cambridge street-names : their origins and associations / 
Hawaiki, ancestral Polynesia : an essay in historical anthropology / 
A biblical text and its afterlives : the survival of Jonah in western culture / 
Inflectional morphology : a theory of paradigm structure / 
Performing Shakespeare in Japan / 
What functions explain : functional explanation and self-reproducing systems / 
Ontology, identity, and modality : essays in metaphysics / 
The Cambridge companion to Christian ethics / 
Patent litigation strategies handbook / 
Chemical pesticide markets, health risks and residues / 
Steel construction manual / 
The labrador retriever handbook / 
Living in the environment : principles, connections, and solutions / 
Playing the hand that's dealt to you : a guide for parents of children with special needs / 
The debt-free graduate : how to survive college without going broke / 
How to study / 
Improve your reading / 
Improve your memory / 
Improve your writing / 
Get organized / 
Look within or do without : 13 qualities winners all share / 
Universal design in education : teaching nontraditional students / 
Architectural anthropology / 
Special education : a summary of legal requirements, terms, and trends / 
Claiming place : biracial young adults of the post-civil rights era / 
Humors and substances : ideas of the body in New Guinea / 
Visual fields / 
The rhyme of the ag-ed mariness : the last poems of Lynn Lonidier / 
The communications facility design handbook / 
Essential developmental biology / 
Palaeobiology II / 
Last minute college financing : it's never too late to plan for the future / 
"Ace" any test / 
Tell me what to eat if I have irritable bowel syndrome : nutrition you can live with / 
Tree adjoining grammars : formalisms, linguistic analysis, and processing / 
Little Bear at big school / 
Cambridge preparation for the TOEFL test / 
Microbiology : an introduction / 
Clinical research for health professionals : a user-friendly guide / 
Glaucoma handbook / 
Muslims, magic and the kingdom of God : church planting among folk Muslims / 
Don't you feel well, Sam? / 
Katje, the windmill cat / 
Quality and power in the supply chain : what industry does for the sake of quality / 
The transmogrification of Roscoe Wizzle / 
Ministry to Muslim women : longing to call them sisters / 
The great war : breakthroughs / 
Staying safe at school : what you need to know / 
Interactive operations research with Maple : methods and models / 
Beethoven's hair / 
The Cambridge companion to Australian literature / 
Manual for eye examinations and diagnosis / 
Constituting democracy : law, globalism, and South Africa's political reconstruction / 
The Asian financial crisis and the architecture of global finance / 
The complete statistical history of stock car racing : records, streaks, oddities, and trivia / 
How to prepare for the SSHSAT : Specialized Science High Schools Admissions Test / 
Let's review : U.S. history and government / 
Business mathematics the easy way / 
Keys to investing in your 401(k) / 
All about techniques in color / 
Technology of biscuits, crackers, and cookies / 
Painless math word problems / 
Metal forming analysis / 
CardioFax / 
Biology the easy way / 
Willa Cather : the contemporary reviews / 
German encounters with Modernism : 1840-1945 / 
Medieval insular romance : translation and innovation / 
Language and piety in Middle English romance / 
The San Francisco earthquake of 1906 / 
Fourier analysis and partial differential equations / 
Typical dynamics of volume preserving homeomorphisms / 
White-collar crime and criminal careers / 
Conrad and impressionism / 
Calendrical calculations / 
Collective action under the Articles of Confederation / 
Latin language and Latin culture : from ancient to modern times / 
Hebrew scholarship and the medieval world / 
Language change : progress or decay? / 
Résumés in cyberspace : your complete guide to a computerized job search / 
Numerical methods of statistics / 
Low speed aerodynamics / 
Our universe : the thrill of extragalactic exploration as told by leading experts / 
Biological thermodynamics / 
Practical exercises in parasitology / 
Introduction to the electron theory of metals / 
Interparental conflict and child development : theory, research, and applications / 
The peasant cotton : revolution in West Africa, Côte d'Ivoire, 1880-1995 / 
Black nationalism in American politics and thought / 
Cultivating compassion : a Buddhist perspective / 
Stink bugs of economic importance in America north of Mexico / 
Dinosaurs and creation : questions and answers / 
A first course in the finite element method using Algor / 
Greek and Indo-European etymology in action : proto-Indo-European *aǵ- / 
Wh-scope marking / 
Genders, races, and religious cultures in modern American poetries, 1908-1934 / 
Women, writing, and the public sphere : 1700-1830 / 
Political writings / 
Being human : the problem of agency / 
Christianity, art, and transformation : theological aesthetics in the struggle for justice / 
The ways of God : how God reveals himself before a watching world / 
Reframing consciousness / 
Living Zen / 
Optimism & pessimism : implications for theory, research, and practice / 
Acoustic communication / 
AutoLISP to Visual LISP : design solutions for AutoCAD / 
Handbook of lipoprotein testing / 
Software patents / 
Teaching reading in the 21st century / 
Brilliant beginnings : the youthful works of great artists, writers, and composers / 
Passages : photographs in Africa / 
Calligraphy & illumination : a history and practical guide / 
Starlight on the rails : photographs / 
This land is your land : the geographic evolution of the United States / 
Storytelling : interdisciplinary & intercultural perspectives / 
From the piano bench : memorable moments with mobsters, moguls, movie stars, and more / 
Techniques of tomographic isodyne stress analysis / 
Advances in seismic event location / 
Musculoskeletal cancer surgery : treatment of sarcomas and allied diseases / 
Cancer metastasis, molecular and cellular mechanisms and clinical intervention / 
The legacy of J.C. Kapteyn : studies on Kapteyn and the development of modern astronomy / 
Societal adaptation to climate variability and change / 
The Little, Brown handbook / 
Understanding property law / 
Adult education and social responsibility : reconciling the irreconcilable? / 
Influences on sexuality : making healthy choices / 
Water quality : an introduction / 
Maintenance scheduling in restructured power systems / 
Wireless communication technologies : new multimedia systems / 
Robust speech recognition in embedded systems and PC applications / 
Enterprise modeling : improving global industrial competitiveness / 
Handbook of insurance / 
Disease and diagnosis : value-dependent realism / 
Places and regions in global context : human geography / 
Essential structural technology for construction and architecture / 
Networks / 
The Prentice Hall reader / 
The politics of child daycare in Britain / 
The emotions : a philosophical exploration / 
American democracy promotion : impulses, strategies, and impacts / 
Rights beyond borders : the global community and the struggle over human rights in China / 
The Oxford handbook of economic geography / 
Tourists, retirees, and other reasons to stay in bed / 
The multiculturalism of fear / 
Transcendental arguments and scepticism : answering the question of justification / 
Key West gardens and their stories / 
The geographical structure of epidemics / 
200 quick looks at Florida history / 
Reading matter : a rabid bibliophile's adventures among old & rare books / 
The global war : widening of the conflict into a World War and the shift of the initiative / 
A Texas cowboy, or, Fifteen years on the hurricane deck of a Spanish pony / 
Preferences and decisions under incomplete knowledge / 
Romancing the shadow : Poe and race / 
Spinoza : metaphysical themes / 
Teaching music in the twenty-first century / 
Your Yorkshire terrier's life : your complete guide to raising your pet from puppy to companion / 
Your poodle's life : your complete guide to raising your pet from puppy to companion / 
Tonal pitch space / 
Speak! : the best quips, quotes, and anecdotes for dog lovers / 
How to prepare for the coming global crisis : a spiritual survival guide / 
The platonic political art : a study of critical reason and democracy / 
Mathematical statistics : basic ideas and selected topics / 
Discrete mathematics with combinatorics / 
Discrete-event system simulation / 
Physics for scientists & engineers with modern physics / 
College mathematics for technology / 
Real-resumes for teachers / 
Anglo-Saxon spirituality : selected writings / 
Living terrors : what America needs to know to survive the coming bio-terrorist catastrophe / 
Manalive / 
The seven against Thebes / 
Whimsical whirligigs and how to make them / 
Mount Everest / 
Skyscrapers / 
The Cherokee / 
The Lakota Sioux : a true book / 
A tale of Fairyland : (the Princess Nobody) / 
Sign talk of the Cheyenne Indians and other cultures / 
The book of Indian crafts and Indian lore / 
Classic spot illustrations from the twenties and thirties / 
English costume from the early Middle Ages through the sixteenth century / 
Sweden and the European Union evaluated / 
German essays on psychology / 
Brother to a dragonfly / 
The Second World War in color / 
The classic era of American comics / 
Big fish, little fish : quick knits for kids and grown-ups / 
Raiders forever : stars of the NFL's most colorful team recall their glory days / 
Space clearing : how to purify and create harmony in your home / 
So you want to play in the NHL : a guide for young players / 
Omiyage : handmade gifts from fabric in the Japanese tradition / 
Jocks and socks : inside stories from a major-league locker room / 
Squeaky chalk / 
Dave Barry is not taking this sitting down! / 
If 6 were 9 / 
3 steps to yes : the gentle art of getting your way / 
One hundred years of philosophy / 
Lively little quilt blocks : 26 step-by-step patterns / 
The last river : the tragic race for Shangi-la / 
Italo Calvino / 
Milton / 
Round is a pancake / 
A triangle for Adaora : an African book of shapes / 
If wishes were horses / 
When will it be spring? / 
Tracking time / 
Algebra : a computational introduction/ 
Drug synergism and dose-effect data analysis / 
COM beyond Microsoft : designing and implementing COM servers on Compaq platforms / 
A guide to the New church's teaching series / 
Food for thought : the sourcebook for obesity and eating disorders / 
Your one-stop guide to how saints are made / 
365 Meditations for teens / 
Labor Day : a corporate nightmare / 
Law and war : an American story / 
Lackawanna County : an illustrated history / 
Snoring and sleep apnea : sleep well, feel better / 
Supply chain management for e-business infrastructures / 
ERP--the next generation : ERP is web enabled for e-business / 
Dreaming in clay on the coast of Mississippi : love and art at Shearwater / 
Reviewing the Cold War : approaches, interpretations, and theory / 
Demonstrating care : the art of integrative nursing / 
Making hard decisions with DecisionTools / 
From Central Park to Sinai : how I found my Jewish soul / 
The anatomy of buzz : how to create word-of-mouth marketing / 
Tourism in peripheral areas : case studies / 
Drifting to an unknown future : the Civil War letters of James E. Northup and Samuel W. Northup / 
One by one / 
English costume from the seventeenth through the nineteenth centuries / 
Cornhuskers / 
Polynesian and Oceanian designs / 
Guilty as charged : a Mystery Writers of America anthology / 
The GI's war : American soldiers in Europe during World War II / 
Lafayette : French freedom fighter / 
Indy car racing / 
The Natchez Trace / 
Yellowstone National Park / 
The Pacific Ocean / 
Everything you need to know to have a healthy twin pregnancy / 
On the verge of convergence : social stratification in Eastern Europe / 
Davis's NCLEX-RN review / 
Economics and nursing : critical professional issues / 
The iron façade / 
The Pacific Crest Trail : a hiker's companion / 
Seeing young children : a guide to observing and recording behavior / 
Corpus Christi, Padre Island, and the Bay Area / 
Military training in the British Army, 1940-1944 : from Dunkirk to D-Day / 
Family health care nursing : theory, practice, and research / 
Fame at last : who was who according to the New York Times obituaries / 
From Nazi inferno to Soviet hell / 
Critical reasoning : understanding and criticizing arguments and theories / 
But this is my mother! : the plight of our elders in American nursing homes / 
The politics of congressional elections / 
To ride the gods' own stallion / 
Choosing the right stocks / 
America! : a celebration / 
Financial aid for college / 
Investing basics / 
The photographs of Frederick G. Marcham / 
In America / 
The brand new kid / 
Lowriders / 
Create your own destiny : the empowering use of fairy tales / 
Reflections on the Russian soul : a memoir / 
Couples : speaking from the heart / 
Preventing the use of weapons of mass destruction / 
Sam's first word book / 
The truth about great white sharks / 
Death in the Devil's Acre / 
Cardington Crescent / 
Find it, buy it, fix it : the insider's guide to fixer-uppers / 
I-net+ exam prep / 
Improving global financial stability : a  statement / 
Journey / 
Growing shrubs and small trees in cold climates / 
Alberta / 
The typewriter : an illustrated history : typewriter topics / 
Windows 2000 professional upgrade / 
Scion of Cyador / 
Deep play : John Gay and the invention of modernity / 
The electorate, the campaign, and the office : a unified approach to Senate and House elections / 
Kuria cattle raiders : violence and vigilantism on the Tanzania/Kenya frontier / 
Big Chief Elizabeth : the adventures and fate of the First English Colonists in America / 
Deaf American literature : from carnival to the canon / 
Going home : a Barnaby Skye novel / 
The African American encyclopedia / 
Eyes on the universe / 
City kids : poems / 
China's future : constructive partner or emerging threat? / 
Global fortune : the stumble and rise of world capitalism / 
Global engagement : how American companies really compete in the global economy / 
Lost on Everest : the search for Mallory & Irvine / 
Eisenhower decides to run : presidential politics and Cold War strategy / 
Journal, 1935-1944 / 
Elizabeth Cady Stanton / 
Exchange 2000 server black book / 
The complete guide to home carpentry : 
Reforming the constitution : debates in twentieth-century Britain / 
When the handwriting on the wall is in brown crayon : encouraging devotions for busy homemakers / 
Floodland / 
The ransom of Mercy Carter / 
The future of freedom in Russia / 
Rabbi Jesus : an intimate biography / 
Ice and people / 
Muhammad Ali : in fighter's heaven / 
Successful shotgun shooting / 
Meltdown / 
A kid's guide to African American history / 
The gardener's way : a daybook of acts and affirmations / 
The unforgettable summer / 
On Aristotle's "On sense perception" / 
Evolution equations in thermoelasticity / 
Images of Saunders County : a pictorial history / 
Month-by-month gardening in Texas / 
Taiwan's security in the post-Deng Xiaoping era / 
Globalization and labour in the Asia Pacific region / 
Great robberies / 
Sir William Berkeley : Governor of Virginia / 
British Columbia / 
Eye of the storm : essays in the aftermath / 
Creating a beautiful landscape : Henry Rehder's daily guide / 
Quiet moments with Benedict Groeschel : 120 daily readings / 
Catholic spirituality from A to Z : an inspirational dictionary / 
Sacred quest : the evolution and future of the human soul / 
Debates with devils : what Swedenborg heard in hell / 
Introduction to partial differential equations / 
Wigwam evenings : 27 Sioux folk tales / 
Polymer modification : principles, techniques, and applications / 
Samson : the secret of strength / 
Optics and the theory of electrons / 
Thermodynamics and the kinetic theory of gases / 
Statistical mechanics / 
Wave mechanics / 
Selected topics in field quantization / 
Electrodynamics / 
Lung surfactants : basic science and clinical applications / 
Drug stability : principles and practices / 
Pulmonary and peripheral gas exchange in health and disease / 
Handbook of industrial automation / 
Fine particles : synthesis, characterization, and mechanisms of growth / 
The Atonement : fulfilling God's great plan of happiness / 
Advanced first aid afloat / 
Antivirals against AIDS / 
Handbook of porous media / 
Plant-environment interactions / 
Remediation engineering of contaminated soils / 
Nonionic surfactants : alkyl polyglucosides / 
Matrix analysis of structural dynamics : applications and earthquake engineering / 
Multilayered aquifer systems : fundamentals and applications / 
Handbook of natural language processing / 
Laser beam shaping : theory and techniques / 
Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation / 
Function spaces : the fifth conference : proceedings of the conference at Poznań, Poland / 
Faith, reason, and philosophy : lectures at the al-azhar, Qum, Tehran, Lahore, and Beijing / 
Systems-sensitive leadership : empowering diversity without polarizing the church / 
Turkish foreign policy, 1774-2000 / 
Windows 2000 system administrator's black book / 
CCNA routing and switching exam cram / 
Medicine in the American West / 
The Columbia companion to the twentieth-century American short story / 
Trophies of the heart / 
Transatlantic flight : a picture history, 1873-1939 / 
Problem book in the theory of functions / 
Celtic and Old Norse designs / 
East Asia at the center : four thousand years of engagement with the world / 
A gift from Zeus : sixteen favorite myths / 
The beast within : why men are violent / 
Wayfarer redemption / 
Voices of wisdom : a multicultural philosophy reader / 
The world according to Gore / 
A cure for gravity / 
Deaf peddler : confessions of an inside man / 
Outside in / 
Narrative and the cultural construction of illness and healing / 
The Powhatan / 
My goldfish / 
My dog / 
My parakeet / 
The lost get-back boogie : a novel / 
Early childhood activities for creative educators / 
Publishing with InDesign / 
Greek funerary sculpture : catalogue of the collections at the Getty Villa / 
The dinner club / 
Healthy habits : total conditioning for a healthy body & mind / 
The truth out there / 
Inertial navigation systems with geodetic applications / 
Kissing the gunner's daughter / 
In a heartbeat / 
Punishment and rehabilitation / 
Guns, crime, and the Second Amendment / 
Children, violence, and murder / 
The cutout / 
A Christmas wedding / 
Promise of glory : a novel of Antietam / 
Samuel Johnson as book reviewer : a duty to examine the labors of the learned / 
Losing the race : self-sabotage in Black America / 
Shakespeare's noise / 
Trauma management / 
Pediatric surgery / 
Chicano timespace : the poetry and politics of Ricardo Sánchez / 
Civil War hostages : hostage taking in the Civil War / 
Education for a sustainable future : a paradigm of hope for the 21st century / 
History of the Spirit Lake Massacre and the captivity of Miss Abbie Gardner / 
The golden era of golf : how America rose to dominate the old Scots game / 
Fordlandia / 
Complicated women : sex and power in pre-code Hollywood / 
Britney Spears / 
Enrique Iglesias / 
LeAnn Rimes / 
Usher / 
Habakkuk : a new translation with introduction and commentary / 
Summer : an alphabet acrostic / 
CCNP switching  / 
Cardinal Ratzinger : the Vatican's enforcer of the faith / 
Eternity's end / 
Shadow of the Hegemon / 
The Dastard / 
Rebel sutra / 
Night of madness / 
The king's peace / 
When the king comes home / 
Ceres storm / 
The chosen child / 
No more nasty / 
The last Jew / 
The colonial Bastille : a history of imprisonment in Vietnam, 1862-1940 / 
Engineering-related E-commerce / 
Why you lose at chess / 
Wit and wisdom of the American Presidents : a book of quotations / 
Medieval tales and stories : 108 prose narratives of the Middle Ages / 
Chalk's woman / 
One bad thing / 
Bearing witness : a Rachel Gold novel / 
Electricity retail wheeling handbook / 
The teenagers' guide to school outside the box / 
Physical rehabilitation : assessment and treatment / 
Bronx masquerade / 
Mr. Commitment / 
Design / 
Mussolini : a biography / 
The stranger in the mirror : dissociation--the hidden epidemic / 
Horse racing : the golden age of the track / 
The evacuation from Dunkirk : Operation Dynamo, 26 May-4 June 1940 / 
Naval operations of the campaign in Norway, April-June 1940 / 
Faith of the fallen / 
Come twilight : a novel of Saint-Germain / 
The Scottish ploy : a Mycroft Holmes novel / 
Clinical trial / 
Winter solstice / 
When penguins attack! / 
Constitutional process : a social choice analysis of Supreme Court decision making / 
Hello midnight : an insomniac's literary bedside companion / 
Creating change : sexuality, public policy, and civil rights / 
Cooking with Grace : a step-by-step course in authentic Italian cooking / 
Boogie Man : the adventures of John Lee Hooker in the American twentieth century / 
Methods in yeast genetics : a Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory course manual / 
Joe College / 
J.K. Rowling : the wizard behind Harry Potter / 
The deepest water / 
Let me whisper in your ear / 
Dead weight / 
Anne Sexton : the last summer / 
Alice's tulips / 
Suspension / 
Amnesia / 
Christgau's consumer guide : albums of the 90's / 
Creed : from zero to platinum / 
Arctic homestead : the true story of one family's survival and courage in the Alaskan wilds  / 
The end of Emerald Woods / 
An eye for gold / 
Film strip / 
A Hamptons Christmas / 
The last city room / 
Uncle Mame : the life of Patrick Dennis / 
The bride of anguished English : a bonus of bloopers, blunders, botches, and boo-boos / 
Cats on the counter : therapy and training for your cat / 
Broken machines / 
Jumper : a novel / 
Last seen in Massilia / 
All the rage : a Repairman Jack novel / 
Surfing the edge of chaos : the laws of nature and the new laws of business / 
Ovals / 
Stars / 
Bossa nova : the story of the Brazilian music that seduced the world / 
Durable goods / 
Desperados : the roots of country rock / 
Quiet moments with John Powell, S.J. : 120 daily readings / 
The Common Courage reader : essays for an informed democracy / 
MCSE Windows 2000 server exam prep / 
The great American history quiz. 
The great American history quiz. Modern marvels / 
The intimacy of Indiana / 
The zen of listening : mindful communication in the age of distraction / 
To the king a daughter / 
Jester leaps in : a medieval mystery / 
Gerry Spence's Wyoming : the landscape : photographs and poetry / 
The accidental pope / 
King's captain : an Alan Lewrie naval adventure / 
Far from the tree / 
Hong Kong : a Jake Grafton novel / 
Double deal / 
Face down under the Wych elm / 
The Working mother cookbook : fast, easy recipes from Working mother magazine / 
Elton John & Tim Rice's Aida : the making of the Broadway show / 
Midnight sun, and other stories of the unexplained / 
Letters from heaven : an illuminated alphabet / 
Engineering the city : how infrastructure works : projects and principles for beginners / 
100 historic airplanes in full color / 
Something new / 
Happy New Year! and other stories / 
A little princess / 
The merry wives of Windsor / 
The bridges of New York / 
A silent siren song : the Aitken brothers' Hollywood odyssey, 1905-1926 / 
After slavery : emancipation and its discontents / 
A Gadamerian reading of Karl Rahner's theology of grace and freedom / 
Atonement, your appointment with God / 
The acoustic guitar guide : everything you need to know to buy and maintain a new or used guitar / 
Worlds vast and various : stories / 
Country chic : a fresh look at contemporary country decor / 
Agent of judgment / 
Our man in Washington / 
The last season / 
To wear the white cloak / 
Dance of knives / 
Genetic engineering, food, and our environment / 
Remade in America : how Asia will change because America boomed / 
Heaven eyes / 
The first Big Ride : a woman's journey / 
Murder most delectable : savory tales of culinary crimes / 
Fern House : a year in an artist's garden / 
Empirical linguistics / 
Backstage passes : life on the wild side with David Bowie / 
Love pearls messages from a mother-- to her daughter / 
This present darkness ; and, Piercing the darkness / 
One market under God : extreme capitalism, market populism, and the end of economic democracy / 
Loose cannon / 
A mystery of errors / 
Dreams of glory / 
The big silence : an Abe Lieberman mystery / 
Grandma's wartime kitchen : World War II and the way we cooked / 
Inca : the scarlet fringe / 
Vivienne / 
The ultimate Beatles quiz book II / 
Raise the devil / 
Breast fitness : an optimal exercise and health plan for reducing your risk of breast cancer / 
While America sleeps : self-delusion, military weakness, and the threat to peace today / 
The walrus on my table : touching true stories of animal healing / 
Wit'ch war / 
Tarot sutra : an intimate guide to exploring sex through the tarot / 
Menlo Park, California : beyond the Gate / 
Neurology in primary care / 
Keepers of the lights : lighthouse keepers & their families : Door County, Wisconsin, 1837-1939 / 
Managing credit / 
Buying the best home / 
Spreadsheets : charts & graphics / 
Multimedia : playing music on your PC / 
The visual dictionary of baseball / 
Divorce and finances / 
Electronic publishing : desktop publishing / 
The Third Reich : a new history / 
The living thoughts of Gotama the Buddha / 
The wandering scholars of the Middle Ages / 
Politics / 
The cruise of the Snark / 
Taming the atom : the emergence of the visible microworld / 
Sailor : vintage photos of a masculine icon / 
The hoop & the tree : a compass for finding deeper relationship with all life / 
Health policy : crisis and reform in the U.S. health care delivery system / 
North Carolina / 
The little book of stars / 
Doctrinal commentary on the Pearl of great price / 
Vincent Van Gogh : portrait of an artist / 
Too Smart Jones and the stolen bicycles / 
Organization theory : tension and change / 
Havana heat : a Lupe Solano mystery / 
Del esenario a la pantalla : la adaptación cinematográfica del teatro español / 
Developing a teaching portfolio : a guide for preservice and practicing teachers / 
American ethnicity : the dynamics and consequences of discrimination / 
The last star : a novel / 
De profundis / 
Film art : an introduction / 
A history of Western art / 
A handbook of arts and crafts / 
Communicating effectively / 
The annotated Wizard of Oz : the wonderful Wizard of Oz / 
Black Cat Raiders of WW II / 
The leper in blue : coercive performance and the contemporary Latin American theater / 
Overnight float / 
Heroin and other poems / 
Finding fish : a memoir / 
The what's happening to my body? book for boys : the new growing-up guide for parents and sons / 
In quest for God and freedom : the Sufi response to the Russian advance in the North Caucasus / 
The human brain : in photographs and diagrams / 
Construction operations manual of policies and procedures / 
A public faith : bringing personal faith to public issues / 
Emily breaks free / 
Residential windows : a guide to new technologies and energy performance / 
The last of the wind ships / 
Human genetics : concepts and applications / 
Microsoft Pocket PC resource kit / 
Developing XML solutions / 
Inside Microsoft Windows 2000 / 
Microsoft Windows Me millennium edition step by step / 
The 100 best internet stocks to own / 
Military space-A air basic training & reader trip reports / 
Feminist frontiers 5 / 
The treasures and pleasures of Australia : best of the best / 
Parsifal's page / 
Ghost towns of the American West / 
The raven's gift : a true story from Greenland / 
A mile from Ellington Station / 
Public vows : a history of marriage and the nation / 
Safer than love / 
The iron tonic, or, A winter afternoon in Lonely Valley / 
Kittycat lullaby / 
New pet / 
McDuff goes to school / 
Genius games / 
What is a mind? : an integrative introduction to the philosophy of mind / 
Mastering your inner game / 
The diabetic athlete / 
The complete martial artist / 
Fiscal and macroeconomic impact of privatization / 
Value based management : the corporate response to the shareholder revolution / 
Unchained value : the new logic of digital business / 
Tongzhi : politics of same-sex eroticism in Chinese societies / 
The difficult hire : seven recruitment and selection principles for hard to fill positions / 
The art of gear fabrication / 
Sparks of life : Darwinism and the Victorian debates over spontaneous generation / 
The dirty little boy / 
A taste of honey / 
The Mekong River / 
Rabi, scientist and citizen / 
Learn AutoCAD LT 2000 for the advanced user / 
Postslavery literatures in the Americas : family portraits in black and white / 
Writing war in the twentieth century / 
The mystery in the computer game / 
Medicines for the Union Army : the United States Army laboratories during the Civil War / 
Youth development and physical activity : linking universities and communities / 
Unbroken homes : single-parent mothers tell their stories / 
The truth : a novel of Discworld / 
Stricken : voices from the hidden epidemic of chronic fatigue syndrome / 
Liquid composite molding / 
The Black experience in the 20th century : an autobiography and meditation / 
Acquiring online management reports / 
Merry Christmas! : celebrating America's greatest holiday / 
Social justice in Islam / 
To America's health : a proposal to reform the Food and Drug Administration / 
I can't believe it's yoga for pregnancy and after! / 
Teaching for justice in the social studies classroom : millions of intricate moves / 
Drug development programme management / 
Lectures on the history of moral philosophy / 
Reading with Dad / 
A guide to the sequoia groves of California / 
Some things change / 
More spice than sugar : poems about feisty females / 
The seer and the sword / 
The Red Rose Crew : a true story of women, winning, and the water / 
Crooked river burning / 
The arterial circulation : physical principles and clinical applications / 
Superduper Teddy / 
The sudden guns / 
Show me / 
Patrón / 
Ghost moon / 
Dying for a clue / 
Preacher's boy / 
Onions in the stew / 
Midlife lesbian relationships : friends, lovers, children, and parents / 
Substance abuse issues among families in diverse populations / 
1831, year of eclipse / 
Active directory planning and design / 
RoboHelp 2000 Bible / 
Dream magic : night spells and rituals for love, prosperity, and personal power / 
British piano trios, quartets, and quintets, 1850-1950 : a checklist / 
Commentary on the Torah : with a new English translation / 
Fantastic families workbook : shaping the future / 
Little girls in pretty boxes : the making and breaking of elite gymnasts and figure skaters / 
The law and business of licensing : licensing in the 21st century / 
Bears of the world / 
A common life : the wedding story / 
Supporting love : how love works in couple relationships : Bert Hellinger's work with couples / 
Toy farm tractors / 
MI strategies for kids : featuring Brilliant Brain and Magnificent Mind / 
The power of retelling : developmental steps for building comprehension / 
Patches lost and found / 
Salon.com's Wanderlust : real-life tales of adventure and romance / 
The collected papers of Stephen Smale / 
Wolf prize in mathematics / 
Opportunities in occupational therapy careers / 
Rising wage inequality : the 1980s experience in urban labor markets / 
Stories in the stepmother tongue / 
Corporate governance : a framework for implementation / 
Employee benefits and labor markets in Canada and the United States / 
African cinemas : decolonizing the gaze / 
Only the strong survive : 
Ducks! / 
Homeless, friendless, and penniless : the WPA interviews with former slaves living in Indiana / 
If you had a nose like an elephant's trunk / 
Look out, Jack! The giant is back! / 
The moon quilt / 
I'll always be your friend / 
Tomboy of the air : daredevil pilot Blanche Stuart Scott / 
Clara Caterpillar / 
Sea, sand, me! / 
Looking good : male body image in modern America / 
The head game : baseball seen from the pitcher's mound / 
Windows 2000 programming secrets / 
Planemakers of Western Pennsylvania and environs / 
Marketing construction services / 
Destination Indiana : travels through Hoosier history / 
A young child's Bible / 
A shepherd's gift / 
Davy Crockett saves the world / 
The scrubbly-bubbly car wash / 
Nobody asked me! / 
The mare's nest / 
Jennifer's rabbit / 
Johnny Lion's rubber boots / 
Johnny Lion's book / 
Philosophical and theological writings / 
Girl reporter rocks polls! / 
The man-eating tigers of Sundarbans / 
Alison, who went away / 
Under the big sky / 
Leonardo's hand / 
Special deliveries / 
Rock steady : a story of Noah's Ark / 
Dinosaur deals / 
The field of the dogs / 
Nora's room / 
Gods and goddesses of the ancient Norse / 
Molecular mechanisms of neurodegenerative diseases / 
The Prince of Ireland and the three magic stallions / 
Horse in the pigpen / 
Johnny Lion's bad day / 
Maggie Sweet / 
Red Legs : a drummer boy of the Civil War / 
Possibility living : add years to your life and life to your years with God's health plan / 
The last princess : the story of Princess Kaʻiulani of Hawaiʻi / 
Memory boy : a novel / 
Freewill / 
Singing boy : a novel / 
Dead again : a Charmian Daniels mystery/ 
Facing the future without fear : prescriptions for courageous living in the new millennium / 
Is this apocalypse necessary? / 
The South and the Caribbean : essays and commentaries / 
Traveling the rainbow : the life and art of Joseph E. Yoakum / 
Ghosts across Kentucky / 
A history of Appalachia / 
Fernando Pessoa and nineteenth-century Anglo-American literature / 
Leonardo da Vinci / 
Dear God, it hurts : comfort for those who grieve / 
When the iron eagle flies : Buddhism for the West / 
Hidden spring : a Buddhist woman confronts cancer / 
The blessed abyss : inmate #6582 in Ravensbrück concentration camp for women / 
A jump in the river : a memoir / 
A people betrayed : the role of the West in Rwanda's genocide / 
Un/settled multiculturalisms : diasporas, entanglements, "transruptions" / 
No hiding place : child sex tourism and the role of extraterritorial legislation / 
Continue on : hope and encouragement for every trusting heart / 
Stalinism as a way of life : a narrative in documents / 
Training plans for multisport athletes / 
Toni Morrison : great American writer / 
When you walk through green pastures-- stick to the path : devotions on the book of Psalms / 
The music of His promises : listening to God with love, trust, and obedience/ 
A gift of mourning glories : restoring your life after loss / 
Adepts of the five elements / 
Love and loss : American portrait and mourning miniatures / 
The little squeegy bug / 
Advanced 3-D game programming using DirectX 7.0 / 
Agricultural extension : the Kenya experience : an impact evaluation / 
Happy birthday, Lulu! / 
Magnificent Mind listens mindfully / 
Statistical analysis with ArcView GIS / 
Advanced digital signal processing and noise reduction / 
Telecommunications optimization : heuristics and adaptive techniques / 
Service management and marketing : a customer relationship management approach / 
Understanding data communications : from fundamentals to networking / 
Coastal geomorphology : an introduction / 
Infrared and Raman characteristic group frequencies : tables and charts / 
Modern compiler design / 
March's advanced organic chemistry : 
Return passages : great American travel writing, 1780-1910 / 
Carr, O'Keeffe, Kahlo : places of their own / 
A history of South Africa / 
Soldiers in a storm : the armed forces in South Africa's democratic transition / 
Lord Jakobovits in conversation / 
Myths in Israeli culture : captives of a dream / 
Microsoft Windows 98 / 
It's a tea party! / 
Gas migration : events preceding earthquakes / 
MRI for technologists / 
Dig, wait, listen : a desert toad's tale / 
Bluebird summer / 
Estelle and Lucy / 
More contemporary cinematographers on their art  / 
Barns and outbuildings : and how to build them / 
The allergy sourcebook : everything you need to know / 
U.S. soccer superstars : the women are winners! / 
Jimmy's girl / 
Contested territory : whites, Native Americans, and African Americans in Oklahoma, 1865-1907 / 
Writing with style / 
Speaking your mind : oral presentation and seminar skills / 
Grammar and writing / 
A world full of gods : the strange triumph of Christianity / 
Nonlinear dynamics : techniques and applications in psychology / 
The right way to play chess / 
Sacramental orders / 
Exploring the gaps : vital links between trade, environment, and culture / 
Adam in myth and history : ancient Israelite perspectives on the primal human / 
Perchlorate in the environment / 
Arrow of the blue-skinned God : retracing the Ramayana through India / 
Book of days : a play in two acts / 
Winter trails. Michigan : the best cross-country ski & snowshoe trails / 
The beginning of August and other plays / 
The Waverly Gallery : a play / 
Basic essentials. Whitewater kayaking / 
Doctor dealer / 
Children who are not yet peaceful : preventing exclusion in the early elementary classroom / 
The treasury of the fantastic : romanticism to early twentieth century literature / 
Proceedings of the XXI International Mineral Processing Congress / 
The local church in a global era : reflections for a new century / 
Evocations of grace : the writings of Joseph Sittler on ecology, theology, and ethics / 
Academic freedom and Christian scholarship / 
Cold counsel : women in Old Norse literature and mythology : a collection of essays / 
Hockey the NHL way. Power plays and penalty killing / 
Peter Forsberg / 
Paul Kariya / 
Feminism : opposing viewpoints / 
Witch : the wild ride from wicked to Wicca / 
Metabolic diseases : foundations of clinical management, genetics, and pathology / 
Pregnancy / 
The new complete book of herbs, spices, and condiments / 
Garden decorator : making the most of outdoor space / 
Boltzmann's atom : the great debate that launched a revolution in physics / 
Defenders of the Union : a survey of British and Irish unionism since 1801 / 
The earliest English kings / 
Transfer of learning in professional and vocational education / 
The Stalin era / 
Social cognition / 
Post-ecologist politics : social theory and the abdication of the ecologist paradigm / 
Direct action in British environmentalism / 
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment / 
The Continental aesthetics reader / 
Ethics, humans, and other animals : an introduction with readings / 
Making school count : promoting urban student motivation and success / 
Money and the market : essays on free banking / 
Museums and the interpretation of visual culture / 
Conservation skills : judgement, method, and decision making / 
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art / 
Gun culture or gun control : firearms, violence and society / 
Architecturally speaking : practices of art, architecture, and the everyday / 
Body image and disfigurement care / 
German architecture for a mass audience / 
Cleft palate and craniofacial anomalies : the effects on speech and resonance / 
Henry L. Stimson : the first wise man / 
Urban future 21 : a global agenda for twenty-first century cities / 
Just the two of us / 
James Jones and the Handy Writers' Colony / 
A nonparametric approach to perceptions-based market segmentation : foundations / 
The book of magnet healing : a holistic approach to pain relief / 
Hayati, my life : a novel / 
A summons to New Orleans : a novel / 
Accounting information systems / 
Raising curious, creative, confident kids : the Pestalozzi experiment in child-based education / 
Boundless healing : meditation exercises to enlighten the mind and heal the body / 
Proteome research : mass spectrometry / 
Handbook of offshore cruising  : the dream and reality of modern ocean cruising / 
Sailing to Hemingway's Cuba / 
The year of the four emperors / 
Enjoy your symptom! : Jacques Lacan in Hollywood and out / 
Fredric Jameson / 
Critical approaches to fieldwork : contemporary and historical archaeological practice / 
Creating writers : a creative writing manual for schools / 
American avant-garde theatre : a history / 
Walls have feelings : architecture, film, and the city / 
Encyclopedia of the U.S. Supreme Court / 
Two o'clock, eastern wartime : a novel / 
Day of absolution : a novel / 
The art of the table : a complete guide to table setting, table manners, and tableware / 
Library classification and browsing : the conjunction of readers and documents / 
The kingdom of Brooklyn / 
Imagined places : journeys into literary America / 
Sensibility and singularity : the problem of phenomenology in Levinas / 
University architecture / 
Use of biomarkers for environmental quality assessment / 
Academe in mystery and detective fiction : an annotated bibliography / 
Six Mile Mountain : poems / 
California's El Camino Real and its historic bells / 
Atlas of bone marrow and blood pathology / 
In too deep / 
Tom Cringle : battle on the high seas / 
Future Eden : a brief history of next time / 
Fever, 1793 / 
Intermediate accounting : management decisions and financial accounting reports / 
Marketing : creating and keeping customers in an e-commerce world / 
Accounting theory : a conceptual and institutional approach / 
Auditing : assurance & risk / 
Clothes and crafts in Victorian times / 
Clothes and crafts in Aztec times / 
Clothes and crafts in ancient Greece / 
Clothes and crafts in ancient Egypt / 
Clothes and crafts in Roman times / 
The nature and science of numbers / 
Painting on ceramics / 
Drug injury : liability, analysis, and prevention / 
15 days of prayer with Saint Augustine / 
God's prophetic blueprint / 
Controlled/living radical polymerization : progress in ATRP, NMP, and RAFT / 
Handbook of kidney transplantation / 
Principles and practice of primary care sports medicine / 
Pocket atlas of head and neck MRI anatomy / 
Theory development for competence-based management / 
A matter of ethics : facing the fear of doing the right thing / 
Ethics : doing the right thing / 
A practical guide to particle counting for drinking water treatment / 
Course design : a guide to curriculum development for teachers / 
AIDS : society, ethics, and law / 
Mediation : theory, policy, and practice / 
Cambodia : change and continuity in contemporary politics / 
The complete guide to book publicity / 
12 things you must know about your diabetes care--right now! / 
Arithmeticity in the theory of automorphic forms / 
Foundations of education : the challenge of professional practice / 
Understanding children and adolescents / 
Web writing/Web designing / 
From social anxiety to social phobia : multiple perspectives / 
e-Directories : enterprise software, solutions, and services / 
So you want to be a screenwriter : how to face the fears and take the risks / 
Emissions trading programs / 
The hidden disorder : a clinician's guide to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults / 
The psychology of women : a lifespan perspective / 
Health : the basics / 
Ethics and spiritual care : a guide for pastors, chaplains, and spiritual directors / 
Mysteries of the Kabbalah / 
Smoke gets in your eyes : branding, and design in cigarette packaging / 
Clinical oncology / 
Problems and materials on decedents' estates and trusts / 
Using Visual Basic with AutoCAD / 
College geometry : a discovery approach / 
Introduction to real analysis / 
Chapter zero : fundamental notions of abstract mathematics / 
Coaching volleyball : building a winning team / 
Ethics in research with human participants / 
Settlement agreements in commercial disputes : negotiating, drafting & enforcement / 
Managing information in healthcare : concepts and cases / 
Working more creatively with groups / 
Talk talk talk : the cultural life of everyday conversation / 
Reconstructing teaching : standards, performance, and accountability / 
Encyclopedia of contemporary Latin American and Caribbean cultures / 
Phonology : critical concepts / 
The Hindu diaspora : comparative patterns / 
Adult's mathematical thinking and emotions : a study of numerate practices / 
The language of drama / 
The narrative reader / 
Regional development in China : states, globalization, and inequality / 
China and democracy : the prospect for a democratic China / 
Monarchy, aristocracy, and the state in Europe, 1300-1800 / 
Post-Marxism : an intellectual history / 
Explorations in African political thought : identity, community, ethics / 
Imperialism : critical concepts in historical studies / 
Unspeakable truths : facing the challenge of truth commissions / 
The why of consumption : contemporary perspectives on consumer motives, goals and desires / 
Archaeology and the modern world : colonial transcripts in South Africa and the Chesapeake / 
Dividing and uniting Germany / 
Culture in the communication age / 
The emerging markets and higher education : development and sustainability / 
Run fast : how to beat your best time every time / 
Truck jam / 
Hyacinth Hop has the hic-hops / 
Little Mouse has an adventure / 
Little Mouse has a busy day / 
Praying prodigals home / 
Real estate exam guide : designed for ASI sales and broker exams / 
Essentials of real estate finance / 
A vision for the U.S. Forest Service : goals for its next century / 
Public policies for environmental protection / 
The beloved invader / 
One-point lessons : rapid transfer of best practices to the shop floor / 
Mechatronics and machine vision / 
They call me pastor : how to love the ones you lead / 
Dr. Seuss's how the Grinch stole Christmas! movie storybook : 
Lift every voice and sing : a celebration of the Negro national anthem / 
Mummies and pyramids : a nonfiction companion to Mummies in the morning / 
Kingdom of shadows : a novel / 
My war : a love story in letters and drawings / 
What a mess! / 
Small group communication : theory & practice : anthology / 
The essential sociologist : an introduction / 
Recreating motherhood / 
Tripping on the color line : Black-white multiracial families in a racially divided world / 
Timber design for the civil and structural professional engineering exams / 
Marinus Willett : defender of the northern frontier / 
Arizona twilight tales : good ghosts, evil spirits & blue ladies / 
Cooperation in groups : procedural justice, social identity, and behavioral engagement / 
The biological basis of nursing : clinical observations / 
Rethinking Catholicism in Reformation England / 
Commitment and compliance : the role of non-binding norms in the international legal system / 
The architecture of Norman England / 
Universal salvation : eschatology in the thought of Gregory of Nyssa and Karl Rahner / 
Educating oneself in public : critical essays in jurisprudence / 
Changing times : work and leisure in postindustrial society / 
Pirates of the Carolinas / 
Weeping in the playtime of others : America's incarcerated children / 
Motherhood in bondage / 
Our practices, our selves, or, What it means to be human / 
Bodies of technology : women's involvement with reproductive medicine / 
Eunomius of Cyzicus and the Nicene Revolution / 
Realism and American foreign policy : Wilsonians and the Kennan-Morgenthau thesis / 
His majesty's enemies : Great Britain's war against Holocaust victims and survivors / 
Mediaspeak : three American voices / 
Hardest times : the trauma of long term unemployment / 
Mass society, pluralism, and bureaucracy : explication, assessment, and commentary / 
Social problems in Africa : new visions / 
Philosophical counseling : theory and practice / 
Europe's nightmare : the struggle for Kosovo / 
Cross-cultural topics in psychology / 
Order and disorder / 
Journey into terror : story of the Riga Ghetto / 
The evolution of special forces in counter-terrorism : the British and American experiences / 
Making peace : a first-hand account of the Arab-Israeli peace process / 
Globalization : a financial approach / 
The context of youth violence : resilience, risk, and protection / 
An atlas of preimplantation genetic diagnosis / 
Cancer pain management : a comprehensive approach / 
The Human Genome Project and minority communities : ethical, social, and political dilemmas / 
Protein kinase functions / 
Classical harmonic analysis and locally compact groups / 
A guide to the birds of the Philippines / 
Walt Disney World 4 teens by teens / 
Avoiding the scanning blues : a desktop scanning primer / 
Understanding textiles / 
The organizational behavior reader / 
Basic environmental health / 
Biological psychology : an integrative approach / 
Analytical methods for environmental monitoring / 
Windows 2000 system administration handbook / 
The beverage service world / 
Critical thinking : tools for taking charge of your learning and your life / 
The career tool kit : skills for success / 
Cornerstone : building on your best / 
Drugs and money : laundering Latin America's cocaine dollars / 
The accent of success : a practical guide for international students / 
Complex cognition : the psychology of human thought / 
Chemistry / 
The practice of public relations / 
Contraception : a users' handbook / 
Death of an overseer : reopening a murder investigation from the Plantation South / 
Gene action : a historical account / 
Principles of vibration / 
Obsessive-compulsive disorders : a complete guide to getting well and staying well / 
Katie and the sunflowers / 
Plumply, dumply pumpkin / 
Children's literature : discovery for a lifetime / 
Math matters : understanding the math you teach, grades K-6 / 
Living super-naturally in Christ / 
Globalization and the theory of input trade / 
Mommy deadest : a Meg Darcy mystery / 
Applying anthropology : an introductory reader / 
Cardiovascular physiology / 
Edmund Spenser's Faerie queene and the monomyth of Joseph Campbell : essays in interpretation / 
The theory of the king's two bodies in the age of Shakespeare / 
From my desk at Skip's place / 
Abacus and swallows : poems about animals and plants / 
At the beach and elsewhere / 
Kismet, Colorado / 
A critical edition of the circumstantial verse of Joachim Du Bellay / 
Blood along the Yangtze / 
Season of the sacred fool / 
A study of George MacDonald and the image of woman / 
Montaigne and the ethics of compassion / 
Slavs in Germany-- the Sorbian minority and the German state since 1945 / 
South Africa under majority rule : a study in power sharing, racial equality and democracy / 
Alternatives to militarism 1900-1989 : women against the iron fist / 
A bibliography of recent works on home health care / 
Critical thinking in young children / 
Hispanic poetry in Los Angeles, 1850-1900 = La poesía angelina / 
A biography of Florida union organizer Frank E'Dalgo / 
The interorganizational community / 
Applying cultural anthropology : an introductory reader / 
Yippee ti-yay happy birthday / 
Wishes, kisses, and pigs / 
Computational molecular biology : an algorithmic approach / 
Safety and health in the salon : facilitator's guide / 
Who owns death? : capital punishment, the American conscience, and the end of executions / 
Drugs : an introduction / 
Research methods for social work / 
Ethics of the real : Kant, Lacan / 
Tracers in geomorphology / 
The information bomb / 
Lineages of the present : ideology and politics in contemporary South Asia / 
Our Arcadia : an American watercolor / 
Pattern-oriented software architecture / 
Cryptography for Visual Basic : a programmer's guide to the Microsoft CryptoAPI / 
How to sell your home without a broker / 
Supramolecular chemistry / 
The mobile radio propagation channel / 
Handbook of monochromatic XPS spectra / 
The hill bachelors / 
Kiss my tiara : how to rule the world as a smartmouth goddess / 
A call to conscience : the landmark speeches of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. / 
Managing cultural differences / 
Murder@maggody.com : an Arly Hanks mystery / 
The up and comer / 
Dark inheritance / 
Out of the night that covers me / 
The portable pundit : a crash course in cocktail party conversation / 
Every day I love you more : just not today : lessons in loving one partner for life / 
This business of music : the definitive guide to the music industry / 
Behavior modification in applied settings / 
Public speaking : concepts and skills for a diverse society / 
Sociology of marriage & the family : gender, love, and property / 
Writing papers in psychology : a student guide / 
Human communication : motivation, knowledge & skills / 
The cowboy / 
Welcome to temptation / 
Debating crime : rhetoric and reality / 
Ethics : theory and contemporary issues / 
Consequences / 
The China bride / 
After the parade / 
The act of marriage after 40 : making love for life / 
The celestial fortune cookie : an astrological book of days with quotations for every sign / 
Mishoo, cosmopolitan cat / 
Holocaust memories : speaking the truth in their own words / 
Brazil : forests in the balance : challenges of conservation with development / 
India : alleviating poverty through forest development / 
Seals, sea lions, and walruses / 
Slave narratives : the journey to freedom / 
Cameroon : forest sector development in a difficult political economy / 
He chose the nails : what God did to win your heart / 
China : from afforestation to poverty and natural forest management / 
Michael M. Hickey's The death of Warren Baxter Earp : a closer look / 
The origin of mathematics / 
Higher education culture : case studies for a new century / 
Culture, conflict, and children : transmission of violence to children / 
City of God / 
Rags, riches, & real success / 
Back roads / 
Trial of the innocent / 
Framed / 
Frederick Douglass : abolitionist and reformer / 
Johnny Godshall : a pilgrim's process / 
The hawk and the jewel / 
Mixed blessings / 
A companion to V. / 
Fields watered with blood : critical essays on Margaret Walker / 
Ways of wisdom : moral education in the early national period / 
Ethical issues in art therapy / 
Autism and post-traumatic stress disorder : ending autistic fixation / 
Tough parents for tough times / 
Feminism : mystique or mistake? : rediscovering God's liberating plan for women / 
My truth, your truth, whose truth? / 
Colonial challenges : Britons, Native Americans, and Caribs, 1759-1775 / 
Resistance Free training : the basic ingredients, off to a good start / 
Struggle for the gulf borderlands : the Creek War and the Battle of New Orleans, 1812-1815 / 
Prairie reunion / 
Slavery throughout history reference library. Cumulative index / 
Military and society in 21st century Europe : a comparative analysis / 
Reflections on a disruptive decade : essays on the sixties / 
Marked men : stories / 
The apocalypse in Germany / 
Sports in school : the future of an institution / 
How students (mis-) understand science and mathematics : intuitive rules / 
Glory / 
The Western Front / 
Sexual strangers : gays, lesbians, and dilemmas of citizenship / 
Political woman : Florence Luscomb and the legacy of radical reform / 
Love's revolution : interracial marriage / 
Women in 1900 : gateway to the political economy of the 20th century / 
The woman I was not born to be : a transsexual journey / 
Breast cancer : questions & answers for young women / 
101 questions about blood and circulation, with answers straight from the heart / 
Heroes of the Holocaust / 
The Haliʻimaile General Store cookbook : home cooking from Maui / 
The great steak book / 
It happened in Nevada / 
It happened in North Carolina / 
Fall down, laughing : how Squiggy caught multiple sclerosis and didn't tell nobody / 
Bruce! : adventures in the skin trade and other essays / 
Celebrating modern art : the Anderson Collection / 
An American focus : the Anderson Graphics Arts Collection / 
Come, let us be joyful! : the story of Hava nagilah / 
Orange pulp : stories of mayhem, murder, and mystery / 
The novels of Fernando del Paso / 
The many faces of Islam : perspectives on a resurgent civilization / 
Devices & desires : gender, technology, and American nursing / 
The counterrevolution of slavery : politics and ideology in antebellum South Carolina / 
The powers that be / 
Plato's Symposium / 
Peaceful dwelling : meditations for healing and living / 
Perfect health : the complete mind body guide / 
Steve Allen's private joke file / 
Ophthalmology : a short textbook / 
AO principles of fracture management / 
Flora of Florida / 
A place called home / 
Captive heart / 
Forty acres and maybe a mule / 
The Landry news / 
Dolphin luck / 
King of shadows / 
The haunting / 
My life in dog years / 
The tornado : nature's ultimate windstorm / 
Law in the western United States / 
Teaching the English language / 
Current approaches in drama therapy / 
Weapons of mass destruction : response and investigation / 
Icons of jazz / 
The Holy Bible : 
To save a city : the Berlin airlift, 1948-1949 / 
The photographic art of William Henry Fox Talbot / 
The Christian burial case : an introduction to criminal and judicial procedure / 
An introduction to airline economics / 
All my sons : a drama in three acts / 
A river running west : the life of John Wesley Powell / 
The other mirror : grand theory through the lens of Latin America / 
Self-deception unmasked / 
Thieves, deceivers, and killers : tales of chemistry in nature / 
Internet architecture : an introduction to IP protocols / 
Strategy and the business landscape. core concepts / 
Internet security protocols : protecting IP traffic / 
Microeconomics : principles and tools / 
Economics : principles and tools / 
Macroeconomics : principles and tools / 
Engineering design graphics : AutoCAD 2000 / 
Theory of linear poroelasticity with applications to geomechanics and hydrogeology / 
Windows 2000 hardware and disk management / 
Antioch : the lost ancient city / 
Molly marches on / 
Writing outside the nation / 
Engineering economy / 
Clay sculpting for digital media / 
Juvenile justice in America  / 
Legal English : an introduction to the legal language and culture of the United States / 
Software cost estimation with Cocomo II / 
Practical project management / 
Prentice Hall's complete desk reference for office professionals / 
Boss Cox's Cincinnati : urban politics in the Progressive Era / 
West Virginia quilts and quiltmakers : echoes from the hills / 
Josefina's song / 
Felicity takes a dare / 
Samantha and the missing pearls / 
Kirsten snowbound! / 
HTTP pocket reference / 
Language in society : an introduction to sociolinguistics / 
Steamboat Annie and the thousand-pound catfish / 
Encyclopedia of environmental science / 
Multicultural cookbook of life-cycle celebrations / 
The sense of music : semiotic essays / 
Milestones in health and medicine / 
Myths at work / 
The Florida lighthouse trail / 
Creating effective JavaHelp / 
Connections, contexts, and possibilities / 
Oedipus Tyrannus : tragic heroism and the limits of knowledge / 
Inventing Catholic tradition / 
A brief guide to AutoCAD 2000 / 
Business in a virtual world : exploiting information for competitive advantage / 
VBScript in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference / 
The tragedy of King Richard the Third / 
The Lehigh Valley : a natural and environmental history / 
Touched by the sun / 
The mechanization of the mind : on the origins of cognitive science / 
Stealing the initiative : how state government responds to direct democracy / 
Deviant ways / 
Contemporary American fiction / 
Information security : protecting the global enterprise / 
The Cuban counterrevolution / 
Faithful dissenters : stories of men and women who loved and changed the church / 
The way I feel / 
The Lord's prayer / 
Chant made simple / 
The management of acute pain / 
Molecular and cellular glycobiology / 
Theory of itinerant electron magnetism / 
Music and British culture, 1785-1914 : essays in honour of Cyril Ehrlich / 
The lute in Britain : a history of the instrument and its music / 
Sources of Chinese economic growth, 1978-1996 / 
Management of organizational behavior : leading human resources / 
Hope grows in winter : inspiring real-life stories of how hope changes lives / 
CrossFire / 
To leave your mark : selections from the writings of Alfred Jospe / 
Efficiency and equity of climate change policy / 
Musculoesquelet́ico : columna vertebral y esqueleto apendicular / 
The younger Pitt / 
Math essentials : conquer fractions, decimals, and percentages--get the right answer every time! / 
The complete book of North American waterfowling : a handbook of techniques and strategies / 
Research in education : a conceptual introduction / 
Proverbs / 
Repealing national prohibition / 
Illustrated sketches of Death Valley and other borax deserts of the Pacific coast / 
The white heart of Mojave : an adventure with the outdoors of the desert / 
Grammar essentials / 
Hunting heads : how to find and keep the best people / 
A parent's guide to 2nd grade : how to ensure your child's success / 
A parent's guide to 1st grade : how to ensure your child's success / 
How to study : use your personal learning style to help you succeed when it counts / 
The secrets of taking any test / 
Moments of union : the spiritual paintings of Hal Kramer / 
Politics and government in California / 
In my own words / 
The brief English handbook : a guide to writing, thinking, grammar, and research / 
The gospel of barbecue : poems / 
Wetlands and urbanization : implications for the future / 
Gay fathers : encouraging the hearts of gay dads and their families / 
The plot to kill Jesus : a contextual study of John 11.47-53 / 
An introduction to foreign language learning and teaching / 
International, regional, and national environmental law  / 
Clinical drug therapy : rationales for nursing practice / 
High-yield pathology / 
The manual of clinical problems in pulmonary medicine / 
Un Mundo nuevo / 
English as a second language in the mainstream : teaching, learning, and identity / 
Synposis of Castañeda's interventional radiology / 
Sweet confluence : new and selected poems / 
Theatre in Belfast, 1736-1800 / 
Fate and destiny : from Holocaust to the State of Israel / 
Symbiosis / 
Harold Prince : a director's journey / 
Intellectual property laws of the Arab countries / 
Disciplining young children / 
Resilience : bouncing off, bouncing back / 
Advanced engineering mathematics / 
Abstract algebra : a concrete introduction / 
Valuation 2000 : 
Natural wonders of the world / 
Investigation of the biological stability of water in treatment plants and distribution systems / 
Popular culture and corrections / 
The border planner / 
30 minute Italian : cook modern recipes in 30 minutes or under ...  / 
Crazy mosaic / 
A child's life and other stories / 
Spiritual medicine : transform your health, life, and relationships / 
The million dollar backfield : the San Francisco 49ers in the 1950s / 
Selected to serve : a guide for church officers / 
Home fronts : controversies in nontraditional parenting / 
It's not mean if it's true : more trials from my queer life / 
Testosterone / 
Adrenaline : a novel / 
Writing as a second language : from experience to story to prose / 
UniformsEx : erotic stories of women in service / 
Circa 2000 : gay fiction at the millennium / 
Public health : what it is and how it works / 
Guidance manual for maintaining distribution system water quality / 
Spoliation of evidence : sanctions and remedies for destruction of evidence in civil litigation / 
Statistical reasoning for everyday life / 
The art of keeping cool / 
Guideline for condition assessment of the building envelope / 
Weaving the dance : Navajo Yeibichai textiles (1910-1950) / 
The mysteries of the Rosary : mirror of scripture and gateway to prayer / 
Crafts and craft shows : how to make money / 
Drafting for tax and administration issues / 
Sources of the West : readings in Western civilization / 
More ready-to-tell tales from around the world / 
Assisted living : current issues in facility management and resident care / 
Caregiving : a step-by-step resource for caring for the person with cancer at home / 
Thomas' calculus : early transcendentals : based on the original work by George B. Thomas, Jr. / 
Past the size of dreaming / 
True believer / 
Treating mental illness and behavior disorders in children and adults with mental retardation / 
Philadelphia's enlightenment, 1740-1800 : Kingdom of Christ, empire of reason / 
Constitutional interpretation : illusion and reality / 
Contending issues in African development : advances, challenges, and the future / 
The karate way / 
Jumbo : the most famous elephant in the world! / 
The art of the tart : savory and sweet / 
Evolutionary computation : principles and practice for signal processing / 
Practical ideas that really work for students with autism spectrum disorders / 
Do what thou wilt : a life of Aleister Crowley / 
The eyebrow / 
Healthy life kitchen / 
Our voices, our town : a history of New London, New Hampshire, 1950-2000 / 
Dynamo / 
Corporate culture and the quality organization / 
Privacy-enhanced business : adapting to the online environment / 
Japan real estate investment / 
Managing records as evidence and information / 
Strategy, structure, and performance of MNCs in China / 
A cooperative approach to local economic development / 
Beyond the bottom line : socially innovative business owners / 
Empowering the American consumer : corporate responsiveness and market profitability / 
The challenge of front-line management : flattened organizations in the new economy / 
Rethinking marketing : qualitative strategies and exotic visions / 
Mediation in the workplace : a guide for training, practice, and administration / 
Sport fans : the psychology and social impact of spectators / 
Mediterranean tourism : facets of socioeconomic development and cultural change / 
Sigmund Freud / 
Cultural criminology and the carnival of crime / 
Reading educational research and policy / 
Teaching and learning : pedagogy, curriculum, and culture / 
Nationalism and internationalism in the Post-Cold War era / 
Early modern witches : witchcraft cases in contemporary writing / 
The delicious history of the holiday / 
Lyotard : just education / 
Separating, losing, and excluding children : narratives of difference / 
Don't disturb the neighbors : the United States and democracy in Mexico, 1980-1995 / 
The anthropology of love and anger : the aesthetics of conviviality in Native Amazonia / 
Encyclopedia of Asian philosophy / 
Science and technical writing : a manual of style / 
Security and control in information systems : a guide for business and accounting / 
Innocence / 
It's only a flat tire in the rain : navigating life's bumpy roads with faith and grace / 
The natural and the social : uncertainty, risk, change / 
Feminism and autobiography : texts, theories, methods / 
The environment of schizophrenia : innovations in practice, policy, and communications / 
Thinking through feminism / 
Being paralyzed / 
Growing up untouchable in India : a dalit autobiography / 
Collateral damage : corporatizing public schools-- a threat to democracy / 
New forms of consumption : consumers, culture, and commodification / 
McNally's folly / 
Crocodile : habitats, life cycles, food chains, threats / 
Ancient Rome / 
Skateboarding / 
Fascism / 
A feast in the mirror : stories by contemporary Iranian women / 
Maghrebian mosaic : a literature in transition / 
State legitimacy and development in Africa / 
Nationalism & politics : the political behavior of nation states / 
Polarizing Mexico : the impact of liberalization strategy / 
I love you when... / 
Stained glass quilts made easy / 
Prince Albert : the life and lies of Al Gore / 
Manual of structural kinesiology / 
Exercise physiology : theory and application to fitness and performance / 
Rethinking public key infrastructures and digital certificates : building in privacy / 
Luv@First Site / 
Toni Morrison : the magic of words / 
Circles of power : shifting dynamics in a lesbian-centered community / 
The 100 greatest baseball games of the 20th century ranked / 
Teaching with rhythm and rhyme : resources and activities for preschoolers through grade two / 
Training & retraining : a handbook for business, industry, government, and the military / 
The theatrical works of Giovacchino Forzano : drama for Mussolini's Italy / 
Jung, alchemy, and José Donoso's novel El obsceno pájaro de la noche / 
The impact of Restoration critical theory on the adaptation of four Shakespearean comedies / 
Life : our century in pictures for young people / 
Brer Rabbit, Uncle Remus, and the "Cornfield Journalist" : the tale of Joel Chandler Harris / 
A pocket guide to chiropractic skeletal radiography / 
Great resume : get noticed, get hired / 
Cater your own wedding : easy ways to do it yourself in style / 
Magickal astrology : understanding your place in the cosmos / 
Gender in the language classroom / 
The bottoms / 
Orthodox and complementary medicine : an alliance for a changing world / 
Surrealist painters and poets : an anthology / 
Image, language, brain : papers from the First Mind Articulation Project Symposium / 
Murder me now / 
Optical system design / 
Finding your way : the art of natural navigation / 
The American democracy / 
The school in the United States : a documentary history / 
Representative government in modern Europe / 
Group processes in the classroom / 
Design of machinery : an introduction to the synthesis and analysis of mechanisms and machines / 
Environmental permitting handbook / 
Le Corbusier in America : travels in the land of the timid / 
Tigersprung : fashion in modernity / 
Human development / 
Educational administration : theory, research, and practice / 
Digital television fundamentals : design and installation of video and audio systems / 
TAB electronics guide to understanding electricity and electronics / 
Printed circuit assembly design / 
Modern optical engineering : the design of optical systems / 
Thinking well : an introduction to critical thinking / 
Benson & Pernoll's handbook of obstetrics & gynecology / 
An American family : the Kennans--the first three generations / 
Gandhi / 
Vein diagnosis and treatment : a comprehensive approach / 
A faith to grow on / 
Easy access : the reference handbook for writers / 
Points unknown : a century of great exploration / 
Feeling your way : discover your sense of touch / 
The Deleuze connections / 
Communicative action and rational choice / 
A bookbag of the Bag Ladies' best / 
The Internet upheaval : raising questions, seeking answers in communications policy / 
Acute & chronic wounds : nursing management / 
Surgical problems and procedures in primary care / 
'N Sync / 
Nez Perce summer, 1877 : the U.S. Army and the Nee-Me-Poo crisis / 
Word-scales / 
Military aspects of the Vietnam conflict / 
Bless ewe : more stories for all seasons / 
Day late, dollar short : the next generation and the new academy / 
African American criminological thought / 
Wall Street wizard : sound ideas from a savvy teen investor / 
The mountains won't remember us and other stories / 
The forbidden stories of Marta Veneranda / 
Weapons in space / 
Los cuentos prohibidos de Marta Veneranda : cuentos / 
La otra historia de los Estados Unidos / 
Microeconomics : principles and applications / 
Economics : principles and applications / 
Macroeconomics : principles and applications / 
Klooster & Allen's integrated accounting for Windows / 
Electromagnetic material interrogation using conductive interfaces and acoustic wavefronts / 
Journey of the soul / 
It's a girl thing : the hilarious truth about women / 
Obiter scripta : essays, lectures, articles, interviews, and reviews on music and other subjects / 
Music librarianship at the turn of the century / 
Writing as a visual art / 
The management of Islamic activism : Salafis, the Muslim Brotherhood, and state power in Jordan / 
Mothering from the inside : parenting in a women's prison / 
Unnecessary evil : history and moral progress in the philosophy of Immanuel Kant / 
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls : gender in film at the end of the twentieth century / 
Governing New York State / 
Bird sounds : how and why birds sing, call, chatter, and screech / 
Discover nature in the weather : things to know and things to do / 
Howard Zinn on history / 
Dramatizing three classic tales : say and act stories / 
James K. Polk : a clear and unquestionable destiny / 
Landmarks in modern American business / 
Spreadsheet modeling and decision analysis : a practical introduction to management science / 
Exotic animal formulary / 
Combinatorial optimization : theory and algorithms / 
System dynamics and mechanical vibrations / 
Local algebra / 
Information systems engineering : state of the art and research themes / 
Computer controlled systems : analysis and design with process-orientated models / 
Soft computing in case based reasoning / 
Identification and control of sheet and film processes / 
Transitional dynamics and economic growth in developing countries / 
Accessible access 2000 / 
Microeconomics : a computational approach / 
Power, employment, and accumulation : social structures in economic theory and practice / 
International joint ventures : theory and practice / 
Sport, nationalism, and globalization : European and North American perspectives / 
Ethics and the between / 
Post mortem technique handbook / 
No word of farewell : selected poems 1970-2000 / 
What's love got to do with it? : understanding and healing the rift between black men and women / 
Howard Zinn on war / 
Gertrude Bell : the Arabian diaries, 1913-1914 / 
A clinician's guide to nuclear medicine / 
The art of political war : and other radical pursuits  / 
The runaway woods / 
Palette in the kitchen : favorite recipes from New Mexico artists / 
David, God's rock star : and other Bible stories to tickle your soul / 
It takes a home : and other lessons from the heart / 
Voices in the wilderness : images of Aboriginal people in the Australian media / 
Police brutality : opposing viewpoints / 
Wolf in chef's clothing : the picture cook and drink book for men / 
Operative gynecology / 
The art of nursing : a practical introduction / 
The curing season / 
The six sigma revolution : how General Electric and others turned process into profits / 
The portable MBA in strategy / 
Invest in the best : how to profit from well-managed companies / 
J.K. Lasser's pick winning stocks / 
The complete Q & A job interview book / 
The Oliver Wight ABCD checklist for operational excellence / 
Heating, cooling, lighting : design methods for architects / 
The organometallic chemistry of the transition metals / 
Orbital interaction theory of organic chemistry / 
The probabilistic method / 
Buddha & Christ : images of wholeness / 
Stars / 
Classic algebra / 
Wireless access networks : fixed wireless access and WLL networks--design and operation / 
Fuzzy control : synthesis and analysis / 
Transcription factors : normal and malignant development of blood cells / 
Identification of time-varying processes / 
The quantum brain : the search for freedom and the next generation of man / 
Preparing for crises in the schools : a manual for building school crisis response teams / 
Open source XML database toolkit : resources and techniques for improved development / 
How to run seminars and workshops : presentation skills for consultants, trainers, and teachers / 
How to incorporate : a handbook for entrepreneurs and professionals / 
Fundamentals of high-performance concrete / 
Beyond the stone arches : an American missionary doctor in China, 1892-1932 / 
Geomorphology, human activity, and global environmental change / 
Solar electricity / 
American government : readings and responses / 
Homage to Chiapas : the new Indigenous struggles in Mexico / 
The hieroglyphic monad / 
Digging into the past : pioneers of archeology / 
A history of the Holocaust / 
With a banjo on my knee : a musical journey from slavery to freedom / 
Defending the accused : stories from the courtroom / 
The gods of the hills : piety and society in nineteenth-century Vermont / 
Going to war in Roman times / 
Early intervention in psychosis : a guide to concepts, evidence, and interventions / 
Globalization, power, and democracy / 
Ben Jonson's major plays : summaries of modern monographs / 
The fish bride and other Gypsy tales / 
Print the legend : the life and times of John Ford / 
Jacques Tourneur : the cinema of nightfall / 
Master of Disaster / 
A clever base-ballist : the life and times of John Montgomery Ward / 
Earthquake hazard and seismic risk reduction / 
Pfaffian systems, k-symplectic systems / 
Soil quality, sustainable agriculture and environmental security in Central and Eastern Europe / 
The Convention on Biological Diversity and developing countries / 
Astronomy across cultures : the history of non-Western astronomy / 
Congruences for L-functions / 
Dewey and European education : general problems and case studies / 
Money laundering and financial intermediaries / 
Cerebral amyloid angiopathy in Alzheimer's disease and related disorders / 
Performance characterization in computer vision / 
Laser guide star adaptive optics for astronomy / 
Fungal pathology / 
Tilapias : biology and exploitation / 
International Symposium on History of Machines and Mechanisms : proceedings, HMM 2000 / 
A theodicy of hell / 
International conventions affecting children / 
The Inspection Panel of the World Bank : a different complaints procedure / 
A Boole anthology : recent and classical studies in the logic of George Boole / 
Essays in legal theory / 
Modern electrical drives / 
Health care strategy for uncertain times / 
No one's perfect / 
Triangular norms / 
Asymptotic methods for ordinary differential equations / 
Geometric dynamics / 
Bread-making quality of wheat : a century of breeding in Europe / 
Topics in industrial mathematics : case studies and related mathematical methods / 
Large scale structure formation / 
Actin : a dynamic framework for multiple plant cell functions / 
Perspectives on adults learning mathematics : research and practice / 
Design of survivable networks with bounded rings / 
Geometric aspects of probability theory and mathematical statistics / 
History in mathematics education / 
The poetry of life in literature / 
New directions in international economic law : essays in honour of John H. Jackson / 
The Pinochet papers : the case of Augusto Pinochet in Spain and Britain / 
Land-use planning for sustainable development / 
Kelley's textbook of internal medicine / 
Kaplan & Sadock's pocket handbook of psychiatric drug treatment / 
Utter silence : voicing the unspeakable / 
Chaplain to the Confederacy : Basil Manly and Baptist life in the Old South / 
Making silver chains : simple techniques, beautiful designs / 
Reconstructing school mathematics : problems with problems and the real world / 
Biology of the mammary gland / 
Turbo codes : principles and applications / 
Practitioner's guide to evaluating change with intellectual assessment instruments / 
Potassium channels in cardiovascular biology / 
The future of war / 
Sexual alchemy : magical intercourse with spirits / 
Breakers : a novel / 
Humor : the psychology of living buoyantly / 
Guided evolution of society : a systems view / 
Understanding psychological assessment / 
American realities : historical episodes / 
Nim's island / 
Cómo El Grinch robó La Navidad / 
Hysteroscopy : state of the art / 
The sacred tradition in ancient Egypt : the esoteric wisdom revealed / 
Constitutional structure and purposes : critical commentary / 
Culture and customs of El Salvador / 
Unique games and sports around the world : a reference guide / 
Culture and customs of Haiti / 
The churches of Christ / 
The Mendelssohn companion / 
The West Indian Americans / 
Communism, health, and lifestyle : the paradox of mortality transition in Albania, 1950-1990 / 
The history of Iran / 
The process of legal research / 
Titanium : a technical guide / 
Enoch, the Ethiopian : 
Manatee blues / 
Inversion theory and conformal mapping / 
Mathematical methods in defense analyses / 
An introduction to symplectic geometry / 
Weeding at dawn : a lesbian country life / 
Relationality : from attachment to intersubjectivity/ 
American novel explication, 1969-1980 / 
Improvement of the world : a biography of Henry Adams, his last life, 1891-1918 / 
Programming Windows security / 
Advanced Visual Basic 6 : power techniques for everyday programs / 
Association tax compliance guide / 
Cosmically chic : discovering your fashion style through astrology / 
The marginal Catholic : challenge, don't crush / 
Naturally modern : creating interiors with wood, stone, leather, and natural fabrics / 
Title insurance : a comprehensive overview / 
Teaching students with special needs in inclusive settings / 
Essentials of chemical dependency counseling / 
Pharmacy practice and the law / 
Mechanisms of cognitive development : behavioral and neural perspectives / 
Race and intelligence : separating science from myth / 
Changes in the therapist / 
Human communication theory and research : concepts, contexts, and challenges / 
Human resource management : theory and practice / 
Practical guide to environmental management / 
The frontier environment and social order : the letters of Francis Codd from Upper Canada / 
The First World War and the international economy / 
Analytical transport economics : an international perspective / 
Writing choices : shaping contexts for critical readers / 
Medicine and business : bridging the gap / 
History of the Jews in Russia and Poland / 
Unraveling the complexities of social life : a festschrift in honor of Robert B. Zajonc / 
Integrating behavioral and social sciences with public health / 
Exploring the number jungle : a journey into diophantine analysis / 
Open modeling with UML / 
Technical English : 
Coaching college students with AD/HD : issues and answers / 
The dots-and-boxes game : sophisticated child's play / 
Nursing quality indicators beyond acute care : 
Understanding payment for advanced practice nursing services / 
Nursing quality indicators beyond acute care : measurement instruments / 
The extramarital affair / 
Microeconomics / 
Kobe Bryant / 
7 ways of teaching the Bible to adults : using our multiple intelligences to build faith / 
The aspiring mystic : practical steps for spiritual seekers / 
Interactive psychology online / 
Culture and family violence : fostering change through human rights law / 
Japan / 
Software engineering / 
Organized to be your best! : simplify and improve how you work / 
Essentials of managed health care / 
Go, girl! : young women superstars of pop music / 
Th / 
St / 
Tr / 
Ch / 
Wh / 
Oō / 
Sh / 
Eē / 
Iī / 
Sometimes Yȳ / 
Aā / 
Uū / 
Teaching in your office : a guide to instructing medical students and residents / 
Morocco / 
Dominican Republic / 
Moving up in the music business / 
Pages from the book of the sun : new and selected poems / 
The future that works : selected writings of A.M. Babu / 
The new article 9, Uniform commercial code / 
Effective analysis of diaphragm walls / 
The city of God / 
The personality puzzle / 
A house divided : suspicions of mother-daughter incest (based on a true story) / 
Phonics, phonemic awareness, and word analysis for teachers : an interactive tutorial / 
Christina Aguilera / 
Color & texture : decorative expressions for today's home / 
A biographical and critical introduction of John Steinbeck / 
American politics : strategy and choice / 
Physical diagnosis : PreTest self-assessment and review / 
America's health care safety net : intact but endangered / 
Funny cars / 
Tugboats / 
The "Infamas Govener" Francis Bernard and the origins of the American Revolution / 
Kennedy versus Lodge : the 1952 Massachusetts Senate race / 
20 common problems in urology / 
Schaum's quick guide to the verbal SAT : how to add 100 points or more to your score / 
Original John Deere Model A / 
Value at risk : the new benchmark for managing financial risk / 
The Dow 40,000 portfolio : the stocks to own to outperform today's leading benchmark / 
The charterhouse of Parma / 
Very young children with special needs : a formative approach for the twenty-first century / 
Issues in feminism : an introduction to women's studies / 
The process of community health education and promotion / 
Mind into matter : a new alchemy of science and spirit / 
Dale Jarrett / 
Subways of the world / 
What Roosevelt thought : the social and political ideas of Franklin D. Roosevelt / 
Self in the world : elementary and middle school social studies / 
Introduction to AI robotics / 
Creating your own retirement plan : a guide to keoghs & IRAs for the self-employed / 
The message : the Prophets / 
Social mobility and modernization : a Journal of interdisciplinary history reader / 
The Asian financial crisis : lessons for a resilient Asia / 
Power quality primer / 
Making gifts with rubber stamps / 
Schaum's outline of fundamentals of SQL programming / 
Weapons of Patton's armies / 
Class action dilemmas : pursuing public goals for private gain / 
Encarta book of quotations / 
The Raymond Tallis reader / 
The World Trade Organization and the environment / 
Mary Shelley's fictions : from Frankenstein to Falkner / 
Writing in the Irish Republic : literature, culture, politics 1949-1999 / 
The French North African crisis : colonial breakdown and Anglo-French relations, 1945-62 / 
Making the money sing : private wealth and public power in the search for peace / 
History after the three worlds : post-Eurocentric historiographies / 
From surprise to reckoning : 
A history of socialist thought : from the precursors to the present / 
Managing the workforce : challenges for the manufacturing industry / 
Understanding inequality : the intersection of race/ethnicity, class, and gender / 
Constructing a security community in Southeast Asia : ASEAN and the problem of regional order / 
Elementary education in rural India : a grassroots view / 
Organisations and development : strategies, structures, and processes / 
Genetics : the impact on our lives / 
Communism / 
Surveillance : the impact on our lives / 
Sweden / 
Australia / 
What's the buzz? : the secret lives of bees / 
Global networks / 
Books and newspapers / 
Film and photography / 
Radio and television / 
Powerboating / 
Russia and the World Trade Organization / 
Media and the presidentialization of parliamentary elections / 
Japan at a deadlock / 
Models of local governance : public opinion and political theory in Britain / 
The Unidad Popular and the Pinochet dictatorship : a political economy analysis / 
Cultures, communities, identities : cultural strategies for participation and empowerment / 
Jacques Lacan : psychoanalysis and the subject of literature  / 
National minorities and citizenship rights in Lithuania, 1988-93 / 
World politics : rationalism and beyond / 
State, anarchy and collective decisions / 
Power in the global era : grounding globalization / 
Languages of witchcraft : narrative, ideology, and   meaning in early modern culture / 
Sharing security : the political economy of burdensharing / 
Olive Schreiner and the progress of feminism : evolution, gender, empire / 
Feminisms and women's movements in contemporary Europe / 
Fags, hags, and queer sisters : gender dissent and heterosocial bonds in gay culture / 
France, Germany, and Britain : partners in a changing world / 
The third Messiah / 
Reader's Digest complete photography manual : a practical guide to improving your photography / 
Women's wisdom : 3,577 tips, facts & advice every woman must know about her health and lifestyle / 
Ending elder abuse : a family guide / 
Aerospace operations in urban environments : exploring new concepts / 
Nature and human personality : homoeopathic archetypes / 
Introduction to commercial law : problems, cases, and materials / 
The Russian Socialist Revolutionary Party before the First World War / 
Mozambique and the construction of the new African state : from negotiations to nation building / 
Community, empire, and migration : South Asians in Diaspora / 
Public health : policy and politics / 
Posthumanism / 
The British periodical press and the French Revolution, 1789-99 / 
The new South Africa / 
Haunted Hardy : poetry, history, memory / 
Shakespeare's visual regime : tragedy, psychoanalysis, and the gaze / 
Africa at the millennium : an agenda for mature development / 
Acupuncture, expertise, and cross-cultural medicine / 
Sentimentalism, ethics, and the culture of feeling / 
Designing US economic policy : an analytical biography of Leon H. Keyserling / 
Chinese big business and the wealth of Asian nations / 
Germany and the future of European security / 
Fiscal reform and structural change in developing countries / 
Threatening Europe : Britain and the creation of the European Community, 1955-58 / 
Women of the press in nineteenth-century Britain / 
Gender and the labour market : econometric evidence of obstacles to achieving gender equality / 
The foreign exchange market : empirical studies with high-frequency data / 
Cultural politics in Latin America / 
The nature of party government : a comparative European perspective / 
Henry James's permanent adolescence / 
Masculinity and spirituality in Victorian culture / 
The Irish Protestant churches in the twentieth century / 
Women and theatre in the age of suffrage : the Pioneer Players 1911-1925 / 
English-speaking communities in Latin America / 
Literature and psychoanalysis : intertextual readings / 
Hysterical fictions : the "woman's novel" in the twentieth century / 
Global capital, human needs, and social policies : selected essays, 1994-99 / 
Becoming dynamic : creating and sustaining the dynamic organisation / 
The European Union and British democracy : towards convergence / 
Maps and the writing of space in early modern England and Ireland / 
Burma : political economy under military rule / 
Freud revisited : psychoanalytic themes in the postmodern age / 
Children, family, and the state : decision-making and child participation / 
NATO enlargement during the Cold War : strategy and system in the Western alliance / 
The life and work of Günter Grass : literature, history, politics / 
Anglo-Irish modernism and the maternal : from Yeats to Joyce / 
Spain and the process of European integration, 1957-85 / 
A changing United Nations : multilateral evolution and the quest for global governance / 
Crowds in Ireland, c. 1720-1920 / 
The French road to European monetary union / 
Governing for the environment : global problems, ethics, and democracy / 
Voluntary organisations and social policy in Britain : perspectives on change and choice / 
The letters of Milton H. Erickson / 
Freelance writing for Hollywood : how to pitch, write and sell your work / 
Crime victims : an introduction to victimology / 
Personal finance / 
The problem of labour in fourteenth-century England / 
Indian summer / 
Advances in the efficiency of computational methods and applications / 
The living stone : a novel / 
Geometric modular forms and elliptic curves / 
Picture perfect / 
Praying the Bible with your family / 
Alabama wildman / 
Yankee blitzkrieg : Wilson's raid through Alabama and Georgia / 
How to draw fast cars, monster trucks & fighter jets / 
Ethical dilemmas in the new millennium / 
Maharajas' jewels / 
Research methods for criminal justice and criminology / 
Too Christian, too pagan : how to love the world without falling for it / 
This we believe : the good news of Jesus Christ for the world / 
John : from biblical text ... to contemporary life / 
Terror on the Chesapeake : the War of 1812 on the bay / 
Creation / 
Ten lies about God : and how you may already be deceived / 
3 uses of the knife : on the nature and purpose of drama / 
That summer's trance : a novel / 
King : the photobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr. / 
Costa Rica : forest policy and land use / 
Silvie / 
Learn Act! 2000 for the advanced user / 
Advanced Delphi developer's guide to ADO / 
Pathways of learning : teaching students and parents about multiple intelligences / 
Vanity Fair's Hollywood / 
Brilliant Brain battles bad guys / 
Brilliant Brain selects spelling strategies / 
Magnificent Mind magnifies meaning when reading / 
Easy reading : finding joy and meaning in words / 
Fullerenes : chemistry, physics, and technology / 
Yankee Doodle Dandy : the life and times of Tod Sloan / 
Test success in the brain-compatible classroom / 
Iron pants : Oregon's anti-New Deal governor, Charles Henry Martin / 
Learn Peachtree accounting : covers versions 4 through 2002 / 
Early autumn : a story of a lady / 
Criminal evidence : principles and cases / 
Unspoken worlds : women's religious lives / 
Field guide to upland birds and waterfowl / 
Cassirer's Metaphysics of symbolic forms : a philosophical commentary / 
Christmas holiday / 
Cakes and ale / 
Parlor politics : in which the ladies of Washington help build a city and a government / 
Contested knowledge : a guide to critical theory / 
The connected discourses of the Buddha : 
Agricultura y medio ambiente : perspectivas sobre el desarrollo rural sostenible / 
Hungary: modernizing the subnational government system / 
The essential Iliad / 
Political treatise / 
Betrayal of trust : the collapse of global public health / 
The last dive : a father and son's fatal descent into the ocean's depths / 
Before the storm : Barry Goldwater and the unmaking of the American consensus / 
Community journalism : the personal approach / 
The ethics of Star trek / 
Lanterns : a memoir of mentors / 
Columbus slaughters Braves / 
My life as a 10-year-old boy / 
Cat spitting mad / 
The headache prevention cookbook : eating right to prevent migraines and other headaches / 
Angel whiskers : reflections on loving and losing a feline companion / 
Medical mathematics and dosage calculations for veterinary professionals / 
Writing the news : a guide for print journalists / 
Managing livestock wastes to preserve environmental quality / 
From word to image : storyboarding and the filmmaking process / 
Stay : a novel / 
Neighbors : a novel / 
The sailor's wife : a novel / 
Poets and critics read Vergil / 
Ring of fire : poems / 
Sills : selected poems of Michael O'Brien / 
Sociological odyssey : contemporary readings in sociology / 
Water insoluble drug formulation / 
Doing sport psychology / 
When life hurts : a three-fold path to healing / 
The robe of God : reconciliation, the Believers Church essential / 
Done deals : venture capitalists tell their stories / 
Materialism and the mind-body problem / 
Natural blonde : a memoir / 
Unholy orders : mystery stories with a religious twist / 
England : an illustrated history / 
Petticoat prisoners of Old Wyoming / 
The last swan in Sacramento / 
Return to Nisa / 
Christian Petersen, sculptor / 
Just imagine / 
What will you be for Halloween? / 
The McDuff stories / 
Takeover / 
What really matters to me : a guided journal / 
Structural yoga therapy : adapting to the individual / 
The dynamics of global dominance : European overseas empires, 1415-1980 / 
More-with-less cookbook / 
Conversations with screenwriters / 
The Italian-American cookbook : a feast of food from a great American cooking tradition / 
The gift of the Psalms / 
Sikhism / 
Buddhism / 
Hinduism / 
Shake, rattle & roll : the founders of rock & roll / 
Fireman Small-- fire down below! / 
A voice from the wildernesss : the story of Anna Howard Shaw / 
DNA sequencing protocols / 
One silent night / 
Blessed are the desperate for they will find hope / 
City on a hill : reflections on our spiritual journeys / 
Libra : learning and inquiry-based reuse adoption / 
That Carolina summer / 
Tidewater lover / 
That Boston man / 
The planet savers ; also including "The waterfall" / 
The winds of Darkover / 
The millionaire mind / 
Island interlude / 
Code of the mountain man / 
The great horse race / 
The bloody quarter : a western story / 
The devil's lode : a western trio / 
One of the boys / 
Immunotoxin methods and protocols / 
Vision research protocols / 
Conferences & conversations : listening to the literate classroom / 
Faiths in conflict? : Christian integrity in a multicultural world / 
The Japanese kitchen : 250 recipes in a traditional spirit / 
France / 
Sophisticated entertaining : spirited food for grown-up parties / 
Recovering the scandal of the cross : atonement in New Testament & contemporary contexts / 
Becoming good : building moral character / 
Pot luck / 
China / 
Japan / 
Mack & Leeann's guide to short-term missions / 
What the baby hears / 
Piper steals the show! : the adventures of Piper the Hyper Mouse / 
Timeless treasures : classic quotations for speaking, writing, and teaching / 
A century of Irish drama : widening the stage / 
Consumer behavior / 
Circle of three : a novel / 
Understanding calculus : a user's guide / 
Bladder cancer : current diagnosis and treatment / 
Rudy, Rudy, Rudy : the real and the rational / 
Global telecommunications revolution : the business perspective / 
Retailing management / 
Introduction to information systems : essentials for the internetworked E-business enterprise / 
Financial markets, instruments, and institutions / 
A night in the barracks : authentic accounts of sex in the armed forces / 
Brief psychotherapy with the Latino immigrant client / 
Treating youth who sexually abuse : an integrated multi-component approach / 
Homeroom exercise / 
The healing touch of Jesus : God's passion and power to make you whole / 
Gay men at midlife : age before beauty / 
The effect of children on parents / 
The art of possibility / 
Rules for aging : resist normal impulses, live longer, attain perfection / 
Greetings from the Golden State : a novel / 
This craft of verse / 
USA / 
Microsoft Access 2000 / 
The constitution and the New Deal / 
Distortion / 
Cataloging and classification for library technicians / 
Iced / 
The poet's Dante / 
Hospitality law : managing legal issues in the hospitality industry / 
Exiting nirvana : a daughter's life with autism / 
The vision of Rome in late Renaissance France / 
Earthly necessities : economic lives in early modern Britain / 
Money makes the world go around / 
Sports endocrinology / 
GIS data sources / 
Cause, condition, concession, contrast : cognitive and discourse perspectives / 
Pricing derivative securities / 
The Ukrainians : unexpected nation / 
Emotion explosion! : 40 devotions for preteen ministry / 
Porsche 911 / 
A sea within a sea : secrets of the Sargasso / 
Mark Akenside : a reassessment / 
The supernatural tales of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle / 
The official Rails-to-Trails Conservancy guidebook. California / 
Words to the wise : collected essays / 
Russell's secret / 
Dr. Laura Schlessinger's Growing up is hard / 
When Moon fell down / 
The littlest wolf / 
Where, where is Swamp Bear? / 
Essentials of negotiation / 
Odysseus in the serpent maze / 
On top of Concord Hill / 
The moon robber / 
Hypertension medicine / 
Blood pressure monitoring in cardiovascular medicine and therapeutics / 
Sex, gender, and pain  / 
Renal cancer : methods and protocols / 
Military law and precedents / 
Within four walls : the correspondence between Hannah Arendt and Heinrich Blücher, 1936-1968 / 
Ethics and computing : living responsibly in a computerized world / 
Understanding arguments : an introduction to informal logic / 
Hearts of wisdom : American women caring for kin, 1850-1940 / 
Radical innovation : how mature companies can outsmart upstarts / 
Readings : essays and literary entertainments / 
Doping in elite sport : the politics of drugs in the Olympic movement / 
Changing course : a woman's guide to choosing the cruising life / 
How to get publicity / 
Israel : a legal research guide / 
Desert town / 
Minotaur : Sir Arthur Evans and the archaeology of the Minoan myth / 
Human resource management / 
The healing companion : simple and effective ways your presence can help people heal / 
Father Sun, Mother Moon / 
Swollobog / 
Religion in society : a sociology of religion / 
Local government from Thatcher to Blair : the politics of creative autonomy / 
Politics and fate / 
Addy's wedding quilt / 
Herpetology / 
Seize the day with Dietrich Bonhoeffer / 
Examples of groups / 
Core servlets and JavaServer Pages / 
Understanding violence and victimization / 
A history of rape : sexual violence in France from the 16th to the 20th century / 
Foundations of colloid science / 
China : empire and civilization / 
Encyclopedia of women and crime / 
Civil engineering sample examination / 
As you like it / 
Love's labor's lost / 
The company of writers : fiction workshops and  thoughts on the writing life / 
Holiday symbols / 
The forger / 
The life and death of King John / 
Authentic arts & crafts furniture projects/ 
The great life : a man's guide to sports, skills, fitness, and serious fun / 
A midsummer night's dream / 
Even Steven : a novel / 
Solstice / 
The enduring heart : spirituality for the long haul / 
An atlas of the human embryo and fetus : a photographic review of human prenatal development / 
Readings in medical sociology / 
The COM and COM+ programming primer / 
Genetics : laboratory investigations / 
Ethical theory and business / 
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues / 
Information technology : inside and outside / 
World regional geography : a development approach / 
Making silence speak : women's voices in Greek literature and society / 
Behavior principles in everyday life / 
Fashion design on computers / 
A short story writer's companion / 
Liberty, equality, fraternity : exploring the French Revolution / 
The cuckoo's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage / 
Silent film & the triumph of the American myth / 
Jews and gender : the challenge to hierarchy / 
Critical studies in media commercialism / 
Mindware : an introduction to the philosophy of cognitive science / 
America's botanico-medical movements : vox populi / 
Measure for measure / 
The Hudson / 
The mind/mood pill book / 
The Normans / 
Early modern Kent, 1540-1640 / 
How to research elections / 
Reading their world : the young adult novel in the classroom / 
Thinking and deciding / 
Kant : a biography / 
International law in antiquity / 
Anatomy in outline / 
A poke in the I / 
Just like you / 
We're in big trouble, Blackboard Bear / 
Reactive oxygen metabolites : chemistry and medical consequences / 
Foseco ferrous foundryman's handbook / 
Datums and map projections for remote sensing, GIS, and surveying / 
Critical perspectives on globalization and neoliberalism in the developing countries / 
Dynamics and policy implications of the global reforms at the end of the second millennium / 
Taiwan in perspective / 
Progressive dispensationalism / 
College algebra / 
The Christian educator's handbook on family life education / 
The new why teams don't work : what goes wrong and how to make it right / 
Bringing your soul to work : an everyday practice / 
The role of race, culture, and national origin in adoption / 
Human behavior in the social environment : a multidimensional perspective / 
Love and death / 
Schizophrenia in children and adolescents / 
Glorious eclipses : their past, present, and future / 
Anxiety disorders in children and adolescents : research, assessment, and intervention / 
Polarimetric Doppler weather radar : principles and applications / 
Fichte ; the self and the calling of philosophy, 1762-1799 / 
Legacies of Dachau : the uses and abuses of a concentration camp, 1933-2001 / 
The Labour Party and taxation / 
Nonlinear spatio-temporal dynamics and chaos in semiconductors / 
Introduction to social psychology : a European perspective / 
African civilizations : an archaeological perspective / 
Modernist writing and reactionary politics / 
Ethics and narrative in the English novel, 1880-1914 / 
The war for Palestine : rewriting the history of 1948  / 
Using Japanese : a guide to contemporary usage / 
Gendering musical modernism : the music of Ruth Crawford, Marion Bauer, and Miriam Gideon / 
The theory of contract law : new essays / 
Virgil and the Augustan reception / 
Economics : new classical versus neoclassical frameworks / 
The Blackwell companion to medical sociology / 
The knight without the sword : a social landscape of Malorian chivalry / 
Dialogues concerning natural religion / 
Temples of gold : seven centuries of Thai Buddhist paintings / 
Organic laboratory techniques / 
English media texts, past and present : language and textual structure / 
The caldron of consciousness : motivation, affect, and self-organization : an anthology / 
Demography : measuring and modeling population processes / 
Sentry peak / 
Worthy's town / 
The Engineering of sport : research, development, and innovation / 
Hot and cold water supply / 
Publicity and public relations / 
Basic methods in antibody production and characterization / 
Vegetables, fruits, and herbs in health promotion / 
Women and the future of the family / 
Wasn't the grass greener? : a curmudgeon's fond memories / 
An introduction to magnetohydrodynamics / 
Introduction to statistics and data analysis / 
A Reformation debate / 
Statistics : the exploration and analysis of data / 
Practical management science / 
Slavery, Atlantic trade and the British economy, 1660-1800 / 
Old Order Mennonites : rituals, beliefs, and community / 
Program evaluation : an introduction / 
God's name in vain : the wrongs and rights of religion in politics / 
One thousand years of philosophy : from Rāmānuja to Wittgenstein / 
The English Renaissance, 1500-1620 / 
Practical health and safety management for small businesses / 
Pesticide application methods / 
Pharmacology for podiatrists / 
Anxiolytics / 
Mathlink : network programming with Mathematica / 
Climate change : a multidisciplinary approach / 
Dreams of a longing heart / 
Black spider over Tiegenhof / 
Riptide / 
My kitchen wars / 
The calling of Emily Evans / 
Vineyard blues : a Martha's Vineyard mystery / 
A cat under the mistletoe : an Alice Nestleton mystery / 
Motherless Brooklyn / 
Finite analytic method in flows and heat transfer / 
Web cartography : developments and prospects / 
Multi-agent systems for concurrent intelligent design and manufacturing / 
Hierarchical task analysis / 
International joint ventures, mergers, and acquisitions / 
Orchids / 
The difficulty of being a dog / 
A mother's kisses : a novel / 
Marguerite Duras : a life / 
Provoking feminisms  / 
Sounding the center : history and aesthetics in Thai Buddhist performance / 
The Mahabharata : a shortened modern prose version of the Indian epic / 
Grammatical analysis : morphology, syntax, and semantics : studies in honor of Stanley Starosta / 
Critical sermons of the Zen tradition : Hisamatsu's talks on Linji / 
The spirit of independence : a primer of Korean modernization and reform / 
Between the folds : stories of cloth, lives, and travels from Sumba / 
Integrated Korean : beginning / 
Manifesto : a century of isms/ 
Plains song for female voices / 
Out West / 
Miles from nowhere : tales from America's contemporary frontier / 
And the walls came tumbling down : the basketball game that changed American sports / 
War and politics by other means : a journalist's memoir / 
Antitrust in Germany and Japan : the first fifty years, 1947-1998 / 
Yazoo, or, On the picket line of freedom in the South : a personal narrative / 
Naval battles of the Civil War / 
Chicago then & now / 
The great Chicago fire / 
Favorite dishes : a Columbian autograph souvenir cookery book / 
Lamps at high noon / 
The delights of delicate eating / 
Contesting the sacred : the anthropology of pilgrimage / 
NGOs and human rights : promise and performance / 
The demon of the continent : Indians and the shaping of American literature / 
Amritsar to Lahore : a journey across the India-Pakistan border / 
The federal future of Europe : from the European Community to the European Union / 
Congress on display, Congress at work / 
The straight line : writings on poetry and poets / 
Women in Asia : tradition, modernity, and globalisation / 
Globalizations and social movements : culture, power, and the transnational public sphere / 
Romance of a little village girl / 
Edward Sheriff Curtis : visions of a vanishing race / 
The Adobe story : a global treasure / 
Practice guidelines for acute care nurse practitioners / 
Mars / 
Caimans / 
Piranhas / 
Anacondas / 
Jaguars / 
Nebulas / 
Moons / 
Observing the moon / 
Efficient methods for valuing interest rate derivatives / 
Essential Access 2000 fast : how to create databases using Access 2000 / 
Risk management : challenge and opportunity / 
The social contract of the firm : economics, ethics, and organisation / 
It's broken, let's fix it : the Zeitgeist and modern enterprise / 
Global tropical cyclogenesis / 
Computer architecture complexity and correctness / 
Principles of analytical chemistry : a textbook / 
Methods and applications of inversion / 
Young animals and their parents / 
Animals that live in water / 
Animals and their eggs / 
Updike : America's man of letters / 
Distributed computing : a locality-sensitive approach / 
MATLAB guide / 
The secret of the Christian way : a contemplative ascent through the writings of Jean Borella / 
Women of the Mito domain : recollections of samurai family life / 
Labor regulation in a global economy / 
Cyberlaw : text and cases / 
The Bodhisattva vow / 
The temptations of Big Bear / 
Stolen life : the journey of a Cree woman / 
An introduction to variational inequalities and their applications / 
Seismic data analysis : processing, inversion, and interpretation of seismic data / 
Suddenly sixty and other shocks of later life / 
The foundations of Christian bioethics / 
Giving away your money : a personal guide to philanthropy / 
Organizational behavior : experiences and cases / 
Jews and money : towards a metaphysics of money / 
@expectations / 
A personal odyssey / 
Fiber optic lighting : a guide for specifiers / 
City of shadows / 
God--the world's future : systematic theology for a new era / 
Introduction to business / 
Supervisory management : the art of empowering and developing people / 
Branch Rickey in Pittsburgh : Baseball's trailblazing general manager for the Pirates, 1950-1955 / 
Semiotics in language education / 
Canine and feline nutrition : a resource for companion animal professionals / 
Codeswitching worldwide II / 
Perspectives on multiculturalism and gender equity / 
Roadsters : fifty years of top-down speed / 
The light in the city : why Christians must advance and not retreat / 
An anchor for the soul : help for the present, hope for the future / 
The dating trap : helping your children make wise choices in their relationships / 
Piave, Boito, Pirandello-from romantic realism to modernism / 
The 100 best chess games of the 20th century, ranked / 
The handbook of surgical intensive care : 
Swanson's family practice review : 
Gastrointestinal physiology / 
Ocean life / 
Medical Spanish made incredibly easy / 
Aromatherapy massage from head to toe / 
Mary's pope : John Paul II, Mary, and the church since Vatican II / 
Growing into God / 
The Unification Church / 
A joyful mother of children : the magic and mayhem of motherhood / 
Life before life : origins of the soul-- : knowing where you came from and who you really are / 
Hierarchical operations and supply chain planning / 
Energy efficiency improvements in electric motors and drives / 
South Africa's treaties in theory and practice, 1806-1998 / 
Popular patents : America's first inventions from the airplane to the zipper / 
Spon's first stage estimating handbook / 
Understanding JCT standard building contracts / 
Nature and psyche : radical environmentalism and the politics of subjectivity / 
Understanding Korean politics : an introduction / 
Faux finishing for the first time / 
Lateral mindtrap puzzles : challenge the way you think & see / 
Colorful illusions : tricks to fool your eyes / 
Two-hour scrap crafts / 
Indulge yourself with aromatherapy / 
Play cribbage to win / 
The little giant book of school jokes / 
Finest hour : the battle of Britain / 
Today I am a boy / 
Clients for life : how great professionals develop breakthrough relationships / 
Jew vs. Jew : the struggle for the soul of American Jewry / 
Managing the brief for better design / 
Memory makers baby scrapbooks : 
Hush, it's a game / 
The witch's master grimoire : an encyclopedia of charms, spells, formulas, and magical rites / 
A witch's beverages and brews : magick potions made easy / 
Your loving sister : sisterly advice through the ages / 
An introduction to object-oriented programming with Java / 
The deeper Christian life and other writings / 
Sinners in the hands of an angry God and other writings / 
Primary pediatric care / 
Freestyle motocross : jump tricks from the pros / 
40 strategies for integrating science and mathematics instruction : K-8 / 
Rules of thumb for online research / 
Culture and identity : the history, theory, and practice of psychological anthropology / 
The co-vans : U.S. Marine advisors in Vietnam / 
Music in our world : an active-listening approach / 
Music every day : transforming the elementary classroom / 
Teaching for musical understanding / 
The illustrated directory of trains of the world / 
The illustrated directory of tanks of the world / 
In the hand of the Holy Spirit : the art of J.B. Murray / 
The haymakers : a chronicle of five farm families / 
All that fits a woman : training Southern Baptist women for charity and mission, 1907-1926 / 
A snowman's family album quilt / 
Scrappy duos color recipes for quilt blocks / 
The ABCs of making teddy bears / 
Integrated science / 
Art for the nation : 
Physical geology : 
Hindu and Muslim inter-religious relations in Malaysia / 
Mining the soul : from the inside out / 
Lifelines : living longer, growing frail, taking heart / 
Artificial life VII : proceedings of the seventh International Conference on Artificial Life / 
Magnet investing : build a portfolio and pick winning stocks using your home computer / 
Small gifts in God's hands / 
Robo sapiens : evolution of a new species / 
Understanding the digital economy : data, tools, and research / 
The rise of China / 
A reference grammar of medieval Italian according to Dante, with a dual edition of the Vita Nova / 
The state of dermatoglyphics : the science of finger and palm prints / 
Place names in the midwestern United States / 
An historical evaluation of Thomas Hardy's poetry / 
Workin' hard for the money : the social and economic lives of women drug sellers / 
Pride and prejudice : an authoritative text, backgrounds and sources, criticism / 
The Internet : a bibliography with indexes / 
Narratives of colonialism : sugar, Java, and the Dutch / 
The Risko book / 
Marcel Breuer : a memoir / 
The charged void--architecture / 
Mystical women, mystical body / 
Fluid mechanics / 
People and place : the extraordinary geographies of everyday life / 
What should I do? : 4 simple steps to making better decisions in everyday life / 
Communication for the workplace : an integrated language approach / 
Range management : principles and practices / 
Just enough Hungarian / 
European sculpture of the nineteenth century / 
Electra / 
Economics of agricultural markets / 
Entrepreneurial finance : finance for small business / 
Visual Basic shell programming / 
Apache pocket reference / 
Bach / 
The instauratio magna : last writings / 
True education : adaptation of Education by Ellen G. White / 
From shock to therapy : the political economy of postsocialist transformation / 
Acrobat PDF and workflow InDetail / 
AutoCad LT 2000 : basics through advanced / 
Sidetracks : explorations of a romantic biographer / 
Bloody Ridge : the battle that saved Guadalcanal / 
Acts of God : a novel / 
World politics, 1945-2000 / 
Chihuly's Pendletons : 
Improving science education : the contribution of research / 
The strategic management of organisations / 
Social psychology : 
What people wore on southern plantations / 
How to say it to your kids ; the right words to solve problems, soothe feelings & teach values / 
Ecommerce : formulation of strategy / 
Perspectives on argument / 
Simon & Schuster quick access reference for writers / 
Writing argumentative essays / 
Property rights & political development in Ethiopia & Eritrea, 1941-74 / 
Reimbursement manual for the medical office : 
Aristophanes and the definition of comedy / 
The history of King Lear / 
War and competition between states / 
Organic spirituality : a sixfold path for contemplative living / 
De bono coniugali ; De sancta uirginitate / 
Thomas Cranmer's doctrine of repentance : renewing the power to love / 
The voluntary approach to environmental policy : joint environmental policy-making in Europe / 
Multiculturalism / 
Social work skills : a practice handbook / 
A world of standards / 
High acuity nursing / 
Treatise on melody / 
Core PHP programming : using PHP to build dynamic Web sites / 
Managed care : a nursing perspective / 
Reading and writing in the academic community / 
Food for fifty / 
Java and XML / 
Revolution & religion in Ethiopia : the growth & persecution of the Mekane Yesus Church, 1974-85 / 
English poetry of the Victorian period, 1830-1890 / 
Indeterminate identity : metaphysics and semantics / 
Eagle's cry  : a novel / 
The New Grove Mozart / 
Classic stories : 
First and last seasons : a father, a son, and Sunday afternoon football / 
The disastrous Mrs. Weldon : the life, loves, and lawsuits of a legendary Victorian / 
Listening : / God's Word for today / 
The Holocaust and the Christian world : reflections on the past, challenges for the future / 
Body and belief : why the body of Jesus cannot heal / 
Antler on the sea : the Yup'ik and Chukchi of the Russian Far East / 
Handbook of global political policy / 
Animals in the Third Reich : pets, scapegoats, and the Holocaust / 
The twilight of ancient Egypt : first millennium B.C.E. / 
Self-similarity and beyond : exact solutions of nonlinear problems / 
Red tape and housing costs : how regulation affects new residential development / 
The daughters victorious / 
Strange prophecies anew : rereading apocalypse in Blake, H.D., and Ginsberg / 
Fanny Lewald and nineteenth-century constructions of femininity 
Feel the Sting / 
Visual encyclopedia of science / 
Creating the X-men : how comic books come to life / 
The story of the X-men : how it all began / 
Going for Goldberg / 
This grim and savage game : OSS and the beginning of U.S. covert operations in World War II / 
Guts : the true stories behind Hatchet and the Brian books / 
MCSE Windows 2000 accelerated exam prep / 
Human anatomy / 
Complex stochastic systems / 
The place of stunted ironwood trees : a year in the lives of the cattle-herding Himba of Namibia / 
Windforest : spirit brooding on brooding spirit / 
Democracy assistance : international co-operation for democratization / 
Voyage of the paper canoe / 
Poor as church mice / 
The giant book of space / 
New energy sources / 
Dollars & sense : planning for profit in your child care business / 
Thought experiment : on the powers and limits of imaginary cases / 
Machine trades print reading / 
Math for welders / 
Electricity / 
Regional ground-water evapotranspiration and ground- water budgets, Great Basin, Nevada / 
The theory of monetary aggregation / 
American government at work / 
Contrastive rhetoric revisited and redefined / 
Doing life with God / 
Accounting standards / 
George Washington & the founding of a nation / 
M/E/A/N/I/N/G : an anthology of artists' writings, theory, and criticism / 
Orange laughter / 
1927 : high tide of the twenties / 
Monster in the maze : the story of the Minotaur / 
Aphasia and language : theory to practice / 
Cardiac pacing and defibrillation : a clinical approach / 
The new encyclopedia of American scandal / 
Catalog of Hawaiian earthquakes, 1823-1959 / 
Computable structures and the hyperarithmetical hierarchy / 
Household wisdom : traditional homemaking tips for modern living / 
Bully / 
The Black Bull of Norroway : a Scottish tale / 
Texas country reporter : stories from the  backroads / 
The Early Middle Ages / 
Time among the Maya : travels in Belize, Guatemala, and Mexico / 
A small tall tale from the far Far North / 
Maxine Hong Kingston : a critical companion / 
Women and domestic experience in Victorian political fiction / 
The making of the president, 1789 : the unauthorized campaign biography / 
Using Internet primary sources to teach critical thinking skills in world languages / 
The strange case of Mr. Nobody / 
The hearing / 
Economic thought from Smith to Keynes / 
Macroeconomic instability and coordination : selected essays of Axel Leijonhufvud / 
Time out for holiness at home / 
Listen, love & advocate : a parent's story of living with attention deficit disorder / 
Fast magnetic resonance body imaging / 
Sex / 
Environmental activists / 
Taking charge of ADHD : the complete, authoritative guide for parents / 
The strange affair of Adelaide Harris / 
John Diamond / 
Come back, Hannah! / 
Culture and customs of Russia / 
The Louisa May Alcott encyclopedia / 
Finance from Kaiser to Führer : budget politics in Germany, 1912-1934 / 
McCormick of Rutgers : scholar, teacher, public historian / 
American novelists since World War II. Sixth series / 
Endangered peoples of Europe : struggles to survive and thrive / 
The uncertain friendship : the U.S. and Israel from Roosevelt to Kennedy / 
Triumph of the sparrow : Zen poems of Shinkichi Takahashi / 
How the dead live / 
Sorrows web : overcoming the legacy of maternal depression  / 
Best of Boulder bouldering / 
The soy zone / 
The first time I got paid for it-- writers' tales from the Hollywood trenches / 
A question of intent : a great American battle with a deadly industry / 
Dr. Strangelove and the hideous epoch : deterrence in the Nuclear Age / 
The essential touring cyclist : the complete guide for the bicycle traveler / 
The common law abroad : constitutional and legal legacy of the British empire / 
Revolution! : the call to holy war / 
5S for safety implementation toolkit : facilitator's guide / 
Winning score : how to design and implement organizational scorecards / 
The Cheyenne / 
The Menominee / 
The Oneida / 
Growing and dividing / 
Crossing the bridge : comparative essays on medieval European and Heian Japanese women writers / 
Dr. Folkman's war : angiogenesis and the struggle to defeat cancer / 
Loose ends : a novel / 
John Glenn : a memoir / 
Journey / 
Wish you well / 
Merrick : a novel / 
The Coalwood way / 
The rescue / 
The blind assassin / 
French exile journalism and European politics, 1792-1814 / 
The cat who smelled a rat / 
Chinese on the American frontier / 
East Asia and globalization / 
Deliberation, democracy, and the media / 
Under the mask : a guide to feeling secure and comfortable during anesthesia and surgery / 
Visual culture and the Holocaust / 
Footnotes : on shoes / 
The Emperor's new clothes : biological theories of race at the millennium / 
Critical Kitaj : essays on the work of R.B. Kitaj / 
Latin America in the new international system / 
Constructing Europe's identity : the external dimension / 
The new biological weapons : threat, proliferation, and control / 
Peacebuilding as politics : cultivating peace in fragile societies / 
Facing the Congo / 
Calcium hunger : behavioral and biological regulation / 
Lattice gas hydrodynamics / 
The physics of information technology / 
Degus : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, behavior, and housing / 
Where mathematics comes from : how the embodied mind brings mathematics into being / 
The money wars : the rise and fall of the great buyout boom of the 1980s / 
The development of implicit and explicit memory / 
We can have better urban schools / 
Work out! : 
Advent moments : preparing your heart for the coming King / 
Prayer / 
The Portuguese nun : formation of a national myth / 
Cross-linguistic structures in simultaneous bilingualism / 
The saddlebag : a fable for doubters and seekers / 
English sentence analysis : an introductory course / 
The acquisition of direct object scrambling and clitic placement : syntax and pragmatics / 
Discovery : windows on the life sciences / 
The story of taxol : nature and politics in the pursuit of an anti-cancer drug / 
Case studies in the remediation of chlorinated and recalcitrant compounds / 
Chemical oxidation and reactive barriers : remediation of chlorinated and recalcitrant compounds / 
Handbook of nutrition in the aged / 
Coenzyme Q : molecular mechanisms in health and disease / 
Mathematics : a practical odyssey / 
Polytopes : combinatorics and computation / 
Beautiful America's Utah / 
Bioremediation and phytoremediation of chlorinated and recalcitrant compounds / 
Physical and thermal technologies : remediation of chlorinated and recalcitrant compounds / 
Phonology and morphology of the Ciyao verb / 
Turkey / 
'N Sync / 
Christina Aguilera / 
Quality in the constructed project : 
The informant : a true story / 
Bridging the Atlantic : the question of American exceptionalism in perspective / 
Between the state and Islam / 
Kant's doctrine of transcendental illusion / 
The evolution of reason : logic as a branch of biology / 
Kant's theory of taste : a reading of the Critique of aesthetic judgment / 
Surveying instruments of Greece and Rome / 
Basic counseling responses in groups : a multimedia learning system for the helping professions / 
An introduction to human resource management / 
Brains that work a little bit differently : recent discoveries about common mental diversities / 
The great train race : railways and the Franco-German rivalry, 1815-1914 / 
Flowers and friends / 
Practical ship hydrodynamics / 
The command companion of Seamanship techniques / 
Paintings in the National Gallery, London / 
A choice to cherish : a novel / 
Andrés Bello : scholarship and nation-building in nineteenth-century Latin America / 
Supernatural enemies / 
The bialy eaters : the story of a bread and a lost world / 
Driving forces : the Grand-Prix racing world caught in the maelstrom of the Third Reich / 
Smith's English-Latin dictionary / 
O & W : the long life and slow death of the New York, Ontario & Western Railway / 
Berlin / 
Vicente Aleixandre's stream of lyric consciousness / 
Alluvial / 
Oonawassee summer / 
Sermons of the century : inspiration from 100 years of influential preaching / 
Keys to parenting a child with attention deficit disorders / 
Business banking / 
A teacher's guide to including students with disabilities in general physical education / 
The tumultuous history of the Bank of America / 
Identity crisis : federal courts in a psychological wilderness / 
Samuel Dodd's reports, 1678-1713 and miscellaneous exchequer cases, 1671-1713 / 
To shape a life / 
Professional orientation to counseling / 
Operational risk and resilience / 
The close : a young woman's first year at seminary / 
Adoption nation : how the adoption revolution is transforming America / 
The widening gap : why America's working families are in jeopardy and what can be done about it / 
The right to vote : the contested history of democracy in the United States / 
"Not to people like us" : hidden abuse in upscale marriages / 
The mystery of capital : why captitalism triumphs in the West and fails everywhere else / 
The Word is near you : sermons for the church / 
Curious commercials : and other reflections on Christmas / 
The amazing book of bird records : the largest, the smallest, the fastest, and many more! / 
Metal foams : a design guide / 
Essays in econometrics : collected papers of Clive W.J. Granger / 
Sports drinks : basic science and practical aspects / 
The insider's guide to buying a new or used car / 
Haemoglobinopathy diagnosis / 
Fire for the choir : motivation for choir members / 
Art in theory 1648-1815 : an anthology of changing ideas / 
Geological history of Britain and Ireland / 
Evaluating indirect ecological effects of biological control / 
Food composition and nutrition tables / 
Principles and practice of criminalistics : the profession of forensic science / 
The French Revolution : the essential readings / 
The unity of Picasso's art / 
The Russian revolution : the essential readings / 
The life of John Milton : a critical biography / 
A companion to English renaissance literature and culture / 
Languages in Britain & Ireland / 
Lexical-functional syntax / 
One mind, two languages : bilingual language processing / 
Intraindividual processes / 
Race / 
Making sense of the organization / 
International HRM : managing diversity in the workplace / 
Waldenses : rejections of holy church in medieval Europe / 
The "Jewish threat" : anti-semitic politics of the U.S. Army / 
Damascus between democracy and dictatorship / 
Small change : women, learning, patriotism, 1750-1810 / 
Deep in our hearts : nine white women in the Freedom Movement  / 
Classic kitchen projects : complete instructions for 17 distinctive projects / 
Dueling eagles : reinterpreting the U.S.-Mexican War, 1846-1848 / 
Exploring Coast Salish prehistory : the archaeology of San Juan Island / 
Terrorist attacks : a protective service guide for executives, bodyguards, and policemen / 
Nature hikes in the White Mountains / 
Galveston : a history and a guide / 
Pony express Christmas / 
Unashamed / 
Children together : teaching girls and boys to value themselves and each other / 
Free to believe : liberating images of God for women / 
Paper son : one man's story / 
Holy leisure : recreation and religion in God's square mile / 
From Puerto Rico to Philadelphia : Puerto Rican workers and postwar economies / 
Revealing masks : exotic influences and ritualized performance in modernist music theater / 
Herbal medicine / 
In the presence of dinosaurs / 
Hair : 100 styling secrets / 
Face : 100 makeup moves / 
Body : 100 tips for a better body / 
The world's greatest buildings : masterpieces of architecture & engineering / 
Dinosaurs / 
Hands & feet : 100 pampering tricks / 
Corridors of mirrors : the spirit of Europe in contemporary British and Romanian fiction / 
Consistency : being coherent / 
The welcoming church : Christian initiation : a handbook of liturgical and patristic sources / 
Christopher Lloyd's garden flowers : 
Harlem Renaissance / 
Activists, rebels, and reformers / 
The theatrical event : dynamics of performance and perception / 
Dancing with the wind / 
Bed of grass / 
The lost colony : a north-western story / 
The gold trail : a western trio / 
Mustangers : a Western story / 
The Tombstone conspiracy : a Western story / 
Our only May Amelia / 
Ella enchanted / 
Getting near to baby / 
Dangerous tastes : the story of spices / 
Taoism and the arts of China / 
The visual culture of American religions / 
Graphic design in Germany : 1890-1945 / 
Galápagos diary : a complete guide to the archipelago's birdlife / 
At the dawn of modernity : biology, culture, and material life in Europe after the year 1000 / 
Abandon in place / 
Hanging the moon : the Rollins rise to riches / 
A wizard in the way / 
Law at the end of life : the Supreme Court and assisted suicide / 
Is social security broke? : a cartooon guide to the issues / 
Techno-matter : the materials behind the marvels / 
The people of Denendeh : ethnohistory of the Indians of Canada's Northwest Territories / 
Visiting Emily : poems inspired by the life & work of Emily Dickinson / 
Cuba in war time / 
The Plains Indian photographs of Edward S. Curtis / 
The purple cloud / 
A perilous Eden / 
Spindletop boom days / 
Snowflakes on the sea / 
The Watsons go to Birmingham--1963 / 
Grounded ethics : the empirical bases of normative judgements / 
Free thoughts on religion, the Church & national happiness / 
The unknown Max Weber / 
God in the movies / 
Think tanks and civil societies : catalysts for ideas and action / 
The language of journalism / 
Riding the rails : teenagers on the move during the Great Depression / 
The soldiers' story : Vietnam in their own words / 
Women in Vietnam / 
Castles in the sand : the life and times of Carl Graham Fisher / 
Slavery in Florida : territorial days to emancipation / 
Growing yourself back up : understanding emotional regression / 
Raquela, a woman of Israel / 
Articles of faith / 
The oasis / 
Challenging art : Artforum, 1962-1974 / 
White-out / 
Learning with recurrent neural networks / 
Virtual interaction : interaction in virtual inhabited 3D worlds / 
Randomized algorithms : approximation, generation, and counting / 
The birder's journal / 
Emma Newman, a frontier woman minister / 
The New country : stories from the Yiddish about life in America / 
Sonoran Desert / 
3-D seismic exploration / 
Applied seismic anisotropy : theory, background, and field studies / 
Seismic wave propagation : collected works of J.E. White / 
Selected papers on three-dimensional displays / 
Selected papers on optical microscopy / 
Selected papers on laser crystal growth / 
HOW 9 : a handbook for office workers 9E / 
The two of us / 
International management : a cultural approach / 
Living texts : interpreting Milton / 
The new Russia : transition gone awry / 
Making sense : the meaning of a life / 
Growing beyond survival : a self-help toolkit for managing traumatic stress / 
Comparative cellular and molecular biology of ovary in mammals : fundamental and applied aspects / 
Chronicles of disorder : Samuel Beckett and the cultural politics of the modern novel / 
Spiritual secrets of a Trappist monk : the truth of who you are and what God calls you to be / 
Tricky Mindtrap puzzles : challenge the way you think & see / 
The Beastly Arms / 
Advances in dementia research / 
Herbs for hepatitis C and the liver / 
The practical guide to container gardening / 
Mortimer's ABCs / 
Mortimer plays I-spy / 
Beginning letters / 
Letters make words / 
Rhyming words / 
Ending letters / 
Great labor quotations : sourcebook and reader / 
Issues in modern foreign languages teaching / 
Naval warfare, 1815-1914 / 
The effective school governor / 
Basics of environmental science / 
Hume's aesthetic theory : taste and sentiment / 
Metaphors and the dynamics of knowledge / 
Exhausting modernity : grounds for a new economy / 
Where we stand : class matters / 
Deciphering culture : ordinary curiosities and subjective narratives / 
Rough medicine : surgeons at sea in the age of sail / 
Psychology of education : major themes / 
What makes a good primary school teacher? : expert classroom strategies / 
Social complexity in the making : a case study among the Arapesh of New Guinea / 
Feedback for learning / 
The outlaws of medieval legend / 
Normative political economy : subjective freedom, the market, and the state / 
Life and death in health care ethics : a short introduction / 
Kabbalah and the art of being : the Smithsonian lectures / 
Design and analysis of clinical nursing research studies / 
Decolonization since 1945 : the collapse of European overseas empires / 
Wittgenstein and contemporary philosophy of mind / 
Migrant labour in Japan / 
Coming out of the kitchen : women beyond the home / 
The European Union and health policy / 
Strategies for Central and Eastern Europe / 
Social policy in the European Union / 
The Post-colonial states of South Asia : democracy, development, and identity / 
Disguises for your dog / 
A concise history of Byzantium / 
Islamic interpretations of Christianity / 
Adams fall / 
Case studies in critical care nursing : a guide for application and review / 
Saunders' pocket essentials of psychiatry / 
Who is my God? : an innovative guide to finding your spiritual identity / 
The world at her fingertips : the story of Helen Keller / 
Memory and mastery : Primo Levi as writer and witness / 
Collaborative design : proceedings of CoDesigning 2000 / 
Introducing Fortran 95 : [with coverage of ISO TR 15580 and TR 15581] / 
Pocket campanion to Cecil textbook of medicine / 
Clinical manual for swallowing disorders / 
Communication intervention : birth to three / 
Otolaryngology head & neck surgery : clinical reference guide / 
Vocal aging / 
The proposal / 
The prophecy / 
The mutation / 
The illusion / 
The conspiracy / 
Families, households, and society / 
Financial turbulence and capital markets in transition countries  / 
Women, science, and fiction : the Frankenstein inheritance / 
Representation and photography : a Screen education reader / 
Counter intelligence : where to eat in the real Los Angeles / 
France since 1870 : culture, politics and society / 
Understanding Silicon Valley : the anatomy of an entrepreneurial region / 
Throw like a girl : discovering the body, mind, and spirit of the athlete in you! / 
Shoo fly! / 
Animal trails and tracks / 
The separation / 
Girls who rocked the world 2 : heroines from Harriet Tubman to Mia Hamm / 
Who's afraid of Leonard Woolf? : a case for the sanity of Virginia Woolf / 
Fire or fire : poems / 
Inferno / 
Riders in the sky / 
The life you imagine : life lessons for achieving your dreams / 
Classic sailing-ship models in photographs / 
Antique furniture and decorative accessories : a pictorial archive with 3500 illustrations / 
Polynomial completeness in algebraic systems / 
Rebel : the life and legend of James Dean / 
Augustus : the Golden Age of Rome / 
Kasserine Pass : Rommel's bloody, climatic battle for Tunisia / 
My life is in your hands ; &, Take my life : the autobiographies of Eddie Cantor / 
Essays of the masters / 
Great shipwrecks and castaways : firsthand accounts of disasters at sea / 
The life and times of Akhnaton, Pharaoh of Egypt / 
Russo-Chechen conflict, 1800-2000 : a deadly embrace / 
Ritual performance in the fiction of Flannery O'Connor / 
The British Open : history of golf's greatest championship / 
Prime cuts : sumptuous, succulent, sizable-- the last word in steak / 
The great divide : current and classic quips on the battle of the sexes / 
The illustrated history of Ireland / 
Blessing or curse : you can choose : freedom from pressures you thought you had to live with / 
Releasing heaven on earth : God's principles for restoring the land / 
Cine mexicano : posters from the golden age, 1936-1956 = carteles de la época de oro, 1936-1956 / 
Speak truth to power : human rights defenders who are changing our world / 
Body bazaar : the market for human tissue in the biotechnology age / 
CCIE routing and switching / 
Gandhi : a biography / 
The burden of bad ideas : how modern intellectuals misshape our society / 
What makes charity work? : a century of public and private philanthropy / 
Complete essays / 
Finishing basements & attics : 
Home decor for beginners / 
The vital illusion / 
Martin and the giant lions / 
A day with a carpenter / 
Christina Aguilera / 
The ecolinguistics reader : language, ecology, and environment / 
US allies in a changing world / 
Gordon and the Sudan : prologue to the Mahdiyya, 1877-1880 / 
The Cabinet / 
The Internal Revenue Service / 
The Secretary of State / 
The Speaker of the House of Representatives / 
New Brunswick / 
Practical problems in mathematics for carpenters / 
30 days to a more spiritual life / 
Career opportunities in art / 
Microbiology : a photographic atlas for the laboratory / 
Geography curriculum activities kit : ready-to-use lessons and skillsheets for grades 5-12 / 
The Vice Presidency / 
Dominion of Canada / 
Yukon / 
Manitoba / 
The U.S. Constitution / 
Jacques Cousteau and the undersea world / 
The Attorney General's Office / 
The U.S. Armed Forces / 
Sacagewea : guide for the Lewis and Clark Expedition / 
Theodore Roosevelt and the exploration of the Amazon basin / 
Reaching for the moon : the Apollo astronauts / 
The Viking explorers / 
The Drug Enforcement Administration / 
After the internet : alien intelligence / 
The future has a past : stories / 
Shakespeare's scribe / 
Joseph F. Smith : portrait of a prophet / 
Trauma and mobile radiography / 
Pioneer recipes / 
The Italians / 
Schoolyard games / 
Travel in the early days / 
Colonial home / 
A lover's question : selected stories / 
"Dark pictures" and other stories / 
Children at worship : congregations in bloom / 
Maximum success : changing the 12 behavior patterns that keep you from getting ahead / 
Quantitative approximations / 
Fast lane on a dirt road / 
The Hitler Youth : origins and development 1922-1945 / 
Applied regression analysis for business and economics / 
Grouse feathers, again : the Grouse point almanac presents the Spiller treasury/ 
Atlas of AIDS / 
Cardiology for the primary care physician / 
Storm is coming! / 
Rise the moon / 
Hope lives here / 
An early journey home : helping families work through the loss of a child / 
Art and technics / 
Covering violence : a guide to ethical reporting about victims and trauma / 
Stephen Covey / 
Boston / 
Heidi / 
Out of obscurity : 
Ballet dancing / 
Square dancing / 
A day with a brick layer / 
The encyclopedia of awesome dinosaurs / 
Meditation express : stress relief in 60 seconds flat / 
Celtic gods and heroes / 
Ancient Greek designs / 
The shadow and its shadow : surrealist writings on the cinema / 
In the cold of the Malecón & other stories / 
Whose song? and other stories / 
Landscapes of war : from Sarajevo to Chechnya / 
The fairy tale of my life : an autobiography / 
Lou's on first : a biography of Lou Costello / 
Observatory mansions / 
Working with children from culturally diverse backgrounds / 
The Barcelona process : building a Euro-Mediterranean regional community / 
Best of Teacher-to-teacher : 
Reputable conduct : ethical issues in policing and corrections / 
In the kitchen with Heloise / 
Police field operations / 
Written and interpersonal communication methods for law enforcement / 
The 7 powers of questions : secrets to successful communication in life and at work / 
Community-oriented policing : a systemic approach to policing / 
Discourse / 
White/black race mixing : an essay on the stereotypes and realities of interracial marriage / 
Guilty creatures : Renaissance poetry and the ethics of authorship / 
Introductory chemistry : concepts & connections / 
Countries and concepts : politics, geography, culture / 
Evolutionary analysis / 
Allen Tate: Orphan of the South / 
Econometrics / 
Basic composition skills for engineering technicians and technologists / 
Acquiring Enterprise software : beating the vendors at their own game / 
The career tool kit for high school students : making the transition from school to work / 
Halloween : romantic art and customs of yesteryear / 
Deep branding on the Internet : applying heat and pressure online to ensure a lasting brand / 
Mary, mother of all nations : reflections / 
Living well : scriptural reflections for every day / 
Literature and nature : four centuries of nature writing / 
Technical document basics for engineering technicians and technologists / 
Proactive police management / 
Corrections in America : an introduction / 
Psychological testing : principles and applications / 
Police administration : structures, processes, and behavior / 
After victory : institutions, strategic restraint, and the rebuilding of order after major wars / 
Chemistry for changing times / 
A history of modern France / 
Human physiology : an integrated approach / 
Technical progress and profits : process improvements in petroleum refining / 
The architecture of reason : the structure and substance of rationality / 
Large-scale, component-based development / 
Your border collie's life : your complete guide to raising your pet from puppy to companion / 
MOUS essentials : PowerPoint 2000 / 
Elizabeth I, CEO : strategic lessons from the leader who built an empire / 
Essential catfish cookbook / 
The human dichotomy : the changing numbers of males and females / 
Takeovers, restructuring, and corporate governance / 
Getting started with geographic information systems / 
How all this started / 
Christmas in Florida / 
Barefoot Contessa parties! : ideas and recipes for easy parties that are really fun / 
Financial management for public, health, and not-for-profit organizations / 
Management communication : a case-analysis approach / 
Winter range / 
Do not go gentle : my search for miracles in a cynical time / 
Governing the world economy / 
Prostitution and feminism : towards a politics of feeling / 
Atando cabos : curso intermedio de español / 
Workplace communications for engineering technicians and technologists / 
Writer's handbook for engineering technicians and technologists / 
Introduction to modern philosophy : examining the human condition / 
Counselling in careers guidance / 
Indians illustrated : 100 years of Cleveland Indians photos / 
Cinema and cultural modernity / 
Grief, mourning, and death ritual / 
The early childhood curriculum / 
Rock climbing Eldorado Canyon / 
Mountain biking Pennsylvania / 
The choice / 
Keepsakes / 
Love on the run / 
Encyclopedia of world history / 
Summer of pearls / 
Raptor / 
Newton's gift : how Sir Isaac Newton unlocked the system of the world / 
Present dangers : crisis and opportunity in American foreign and defense policy / 
Gendered capital : entrepreneurial women in American society  / 
Techniques of child therapy : psychodynamic strategies / 
Institutions and the role of the state / 
A teacher's guide to education law / 
American pragmatism and communication research / 
The Gale encyclopedia of psychology / 
Satellites, oceanography, and society / 
Seas at the millennium : an environmental evaluation / 
9th International World Wide Web conference : 
The system approach : a strategy to survive and succeed in the global economy / 
Microsoft Outlook 2000 / 
The Grove book of art writing / 
Chemistry in the community : 
The photography of Alfred Stieglitz : Georgia O'Keeffe's enduring legacy / 
Radiation in art and archeometry / 
Running from Legs and other stories / 
Season of wishes / 
Westward winds / 
The seductive spy / 
Surrender of the heart / 
Code of honor / 
Lucky dog, and other tales of murder / 
Felonious felines / 
The Trinity / 
Helping gifted children soar : a practical guide for parents and teachers / 
Understanding audiences : learning to use the media constructively / 
Strategic public relations management : planning and managing effective communication programs / 
The story performance handbook / 
Environmental taxation and the double dividend / 
Market, state, and feminism : the economics of feminist policy / 
Working-time changes : social integration through transitional labour markets / 
Knowledge, social institutions, and the division of labour / 
Critical synoptics : Menippean satire and the analysis of intellectual mythology / 
The 20th century's greatest hits : a "top-40" list / 
Monteverdi in Venice / 
Art and soul : the history of the Southern Vermont Arts Center / 
The burden of visual truth : the role of photojournalism in mediating reality / 
Dan's pants : the adventures of Dan, the fabric man / 
Romanticism and its discontents / 
In sunlight, in a beautiful garden / 
For every child : the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child in words and pictures / 
Beans Baker, number five / 
Pepe and Papa / 
Fox eyes / 
My Bible dress-up book / 
Handbook of affect and social cognition / 
The death of a thousand cuts : corporate campaigns and the attack on the corporation / 
Stand up for your gifted child : how to make the most of kids' strengths at school and at home / 
The study of religion in an age of global dialogue / 
Women and alcohol in social context : mother's ruin revisited / 
Gendering elites : economic and political leadership in 27 industrialised societies / 
Left-libertarianism and its critics : the contemporary debate / 
Stravinsky's lunch / 
The work of the UN in Cyprus : promoting peace and development / 
Cat on ice / 
Promoting prosperity : via economic and technology policy / 
Industry and the European union : analysing policies for business / 
Privatisation in developing countries / 
Capitalism, socialism and radical political economy : essays in honor of Howard J. Sherman / 
Promoting democracy : via political and social policy / 
Promoting peace : via legal and international policy / 
Unseen genders : beyond the binaries / 
Evaluation models : viewpoints on educational and human services evaluation / 
Dreams : working interactive / 
The cutting edge : mining in the 21st century / 
Practical guide to psychic powers : awaken your sixth sense / 
Making sense of media : an introduction to mass communication / 
Highliners / 
Demonology : stories / 
Kinship theory : a novel / 
Dim sum for everyone! / 
Nurses' handbook of health assessment / 
The magical, mystical, marvelous coat / 
States, markets, and civil society in Asia-Pacific / 
Your pregnancy week by week / 
Financial Keynesianism and market instability / 
Romantic days and nights in Houston : romantic diversions in and around the city / 
A biographical dictionary of dissenting economists / 
The debt market / 
Air transport networks : theory and policy implications / 
China in the global economy / 
Implementing European Union public policy / 
Industrial diversification and innovation : an international study of the aerospace industry / 
Developmental psychopathology and family process : 
Ethics and uncertainty : the economics of John M. Keynes and Frank H. Knight / 
The turning point : Jefferson's battle for the Presidency / 
The comic book kid / 
The library of Babel / 
To slay a demon / 
The fresco / 
Outlaw school / 
Cut / 
Romantic wars : studies in culture and conflict, 1793-1822 / 
Leibniz / 
The art of wedding photography : professional techniques with style / 
The international dimensions of cyberspace law / 
The general philosophy of John Stuart Mill / 
Artistic brotherhoods in the nineteenth century / 
Power and politics in Tudor England : essays / 
China / 
Ma(r)king the text : the presentation of meaning on the literary page / 
God's House at Ewelme : life, devotion, and architecture in a fifteenth-century almshouse / 
The changing face of English local history / 
Artist's photo reference. Landscapes / 
Programming collaborative Web applications with Microsoft Exchange Server 2000 / 
The U.S.A. book of lists : the ultimate compendium of all things American / 
Diet-step : 20 grams/20 minutes : for women only / 
The art of public speaking / 
Practical research : 
Arizona's greatest golf courses / 
Molecular and cellular gerontology / 
Magnetic resonance imaging : principles, methods, and techniques / 
Social studies on the Internet / 
Thread in the loom : essays on African literature and culture / 
Jungle, sea, and Occupation : a World War II solider's memoir of the Pacific Theater / 
Fathers and sons / 
In the snow forest : three novellas / 
Innovating the corporation : creating value for customers and shareholders / 
Don't tell anyone / 
The economics of aging / 
Desktop encyclopedia of telecommunications / 
Undoing time : American prisoners in their own words / 
Sisters : a novel of the women suffrage movement / 
Hockey-tonk : the amazing story of the Nashville Predators / 
Fool of the family : a life of J.M. Synge / 
Introduction to radar systems / 
Digital signal processing : a computer-based approach / 
Probability, random variables, and random signal principles / 
Environmental biotechnology : principles and applications / 
Regionalism and public policy in northern Ghana / 
Hispanics in Hollywood : a celebration of 100 years in film and television / 
Right as rain : a novel / 
I am special : introducing children and young people to their autistic spectrum disorder / 
Formal verification of circuits / 
Law of the sea : the common heritage and emerging challenges / 
Journey to diverse microbial worlds : adaptation to exotic environments / 
Continuum thermomechanics : the art and science of modelling material behaviour / 
Soft condensed matter : configurations, dynamics, and functionality / 
Atom probe tomography : analysis at the atomic level / 
Radiation science for physicians and public health workers / 
Cause, effect, and control of accidental loss with accident investigation kit / 
Accommodating national identity : new approaches in international and domestic law / 
Predicates and their subjects / 
Exercise for weight management / 
Filmmaker's dictionary / 
The Truman years, 1945-1953 / 
The Jews of Vienna and the First World War / 
The book of Taḥkemoni : Jewish tales from medieval Spain / 
Magician of the modern : Chick Austin and the transformation of the arts in America 
Licks of love : short stories and a sequel / 
The two hearts of Kwasi Boachi / 
Trilobite! : eyewitness to evolution / 
The PowerBook / 
New ways in statistical methodology : from significance tests to Bayesian inference / 
The quick and the dead / 
What you see in clear water  : life on the Wind River Reservation / 
The new cooks ̓catalogue / 
Be the one / 
A new world / 
The Atlantic Sound / 
The dark valley : a panorama of the 1930s / 
Off camera : private thoughts made public / 
Winona Ryder / 
Alyssa Milano / 
Jennifer Lopez / 
Freddie Prinze, Jr. / 
Jennifer Love Hewitt / 
Fitness stars of bodybuilding : 
The city after Patrick Geddes / 
Lunkers! / 
Four to the Pole! : the American Women's Expedition to Antartica, 1992-93 / 
Short and long term effects of breast feeding on child health / 
Community-acquired pneumonia / 
Sarah Michelle Gellar / 
Linear dependence : theory and computation / 
Information brokering across heterogeneous digital data : a metadata-based approach / 
Frontiers in biomedicine / 
Medical neuropsychology / 
Vygotsky's psychology-philosophy : a metaphor for language theory and learning / 
Prayer guide for the brokenhearted : comfort and healing on the way to wholeness / 
Calvin's institutes : abridged edition / 
Barefoot Zen : the Shaolin roots of kung fu and karate / 
My Mississippi / 
Preaching like Paul : homiletical wisdom for today / 
Wingshooter's guide to Washington : upland birds and waterfowl / 
Unlocking potential : college and other choices for people with LD and AD/HD / 
Beauty's daughter ; Monster ; The gimmick : three plays / 
The Edward Said reader / 
The spiritual exercises of St. Ignatius : based on studies in the language of the autograph / 
Millennials rising : 
The challenge of urban government : policies and practices / 
The history of St. John's Church, Western Run Parish, 1800-2000 / 
Like our very own : adoption and the changing culture of motherhood, 1851-1950 / 
The procrastinator's handbook : mastering the art of doing it now / 
Falling from grace / 
The wrong dog : a Rachel Alexander and Dash mystery / 
American government and politics today : brief edition 2001-2002 / 
Talk yuh talk : interviews with Anglophone Caribbean poets / 
Bliss : writing to find your true self / 
Wisdom energy : basic Buddhist teachings / 
The journal of Jacob Fowler : 
The discovery, settlement, and the present state of Kentucke / 
Crossing the plains to Oregon in 1853 / 
Being black : Zen and the art of living with fearlessness and grace / 
Aunt Dimity beats the Devil / 
The practice of social research / 
Renegade kids, suburban outlaws : from youth culture to delinquency / 
Never die easy : the autobiography of Walter Payton / 
The book of card games for little kids / 
Willa Cather : the writer and her world / 
The life of virtue : what do we owe ourselves? / 
Finding space : Winnicott, God, and psychic reality / 
The religion of ancient Israel / 
The Louisville & Nashville Railroad, 1850-1963 / 
Management of human service programs / 
Shackleton's way : leadership lessons from the great Antarctic explorer / 
Marginal groups and mainstream American culture / 
Staff meals from Chanterelle / 
Let me tell you a story / 
From Hebrews to Revelation : a theological introduction / 
Cultural anthropology : an applied perspective / 
Exploring Martha's Vineyard by bike, foot, and kayak / 
Sea kayaking coastal Massachusetts : from Newburyport to Buzzards Bay / 
Noncommutative Noetherian rings / 
A new construction of homogeneous quaternionic manifolds and related geometric structures / 
Dynamical zeta functions, Nielsen theory, and Reidemeister torsion / 
Frames, bases, and group representations / 
Complexes associated to two vectors and a rectangular matrix / 
Globalizing Africa / 
Recreating words, reshaping worlds : the verbal art of women from Niger, Mali, and Senegal / 
Alexander Graham Bell / 
Digital photography bible / 
Levers / 
Thomas Edison / 
The Moscow State Yiddish Theater : Jewish culture on the Soviet stage / 
County courthouses of Ohio / 
Henry Ford / 
Songs, seas, and green peas : 
Captain and Matey set sail / 
Patrol : an American soldier in Vietnam/ 
Shaman, healer, sage : how to heal yourself and others with the energy medicine of the Americas / 
New millennial sexstyles / 
John Logie Baird / 
Dear Whiskers / 
Barbarian sentiments : America in the new century / 
Louis Pasteur / 
Little women next door / 
The courage to be a single mother : becoming whole again after divorce / 
Three conversations about knowing / 
Poems for a friend : kind thoughts / 
Cytoskeleton methods and protocols / 
Florence Nightingale / 
Big and noisy Simon / 
Springs / 
Wheels and cranks / 
CliffsNotes White's The once and future king / 
CliffsNotes Lawrence and Lee's Inherit the wind / 
Rethinking writing / 
Humanity at the limit : the impact of the Holocaust experience on Jews and Christians / 
Making plum jam / 
Internet searching and indexing : the subject approach / 
Sullivan's Island : a Lowcountry tale / 
Chiefs know their boundaries : essays on property, power, and the past in Asante, 1896-1996 / 
Drug interactions in infectious diseases / 
Farnesyltransferase inhibitors in cancer therapy / 
Fanny Kemble's journals / 
California sabers : the 2nd Massachusetts Cavalry in the Civil War / 
Windswept : a novel / 
A small death in Lisbon / 
Counter-terrorist law and emergency powers in the United Kingdom, 1922-2000 / 
Health promotion : new discipline or multi-discipline? / 
Body politics and the fictional double / 
Friedrich Kuhlau in the mirror of his flute works / 
Longing / 
The secret life of teens : young people speak out about their lives / 
The words that inspired the dreams : true stories about the power of a few choice words / 
The Generalissimo's son : Chiang Ching-kuo and the revolutions in China and Taiwan / 
Jazz 101 : a complete guide to learning and loving jazz / 
Soulsaver / 
Hearse of a different color / 
Drama and diversity : a pluralistic perspective for educational drama / 
How's it going? : a practical guide to conferring with student writers / 
No parachute required : translating your passion into a paycheck--and a career / 
The evolving bargain : strategic implications of deregulation and privatization / 
Alas, poor Darwin : arguments against evolutionary psychology / 
He restores my soul / 
Exchange rate regimes in an increasingly integrated world economy / 
Designing plastic parts for assembly / 
My father, dancing / 
Jackie, Ethel, Joan : women of Camelot / 
Leon Battista Alberti : master builder of the Italian Renaissance / 
Currahee! : a Screaming Eagle at Normandy / 
The practice of local government planning / 
The unexpected legacy of divorce : a 25 year landmark study / 
A density of souls / 
Buried evidence / 
Teach yourself-- C++ / 
A pair of wings / 
Extrusion of polymers : theory and practice / 
The first snap-fit handbook : creating attachments for plastics parts / 
Diamond dust : stories / 
Sweet hearts / 
From the Puritans to the projects : public housing and public neighbors / 
Aspects of personal faith : personality and religion in western and eastern traditions / 
Tuition rising : why college costs so much / 
The fit factor : how getting strong can help you lose weight / 
Dave Zobel's bent book of boatspeak / 
The Maltese : diminutive aristocrat / 
The return of Jesus in early Christianity / 
Sense Pass King : a story from Cameroon / 
The million dollar mermaid / 
The merbaby / 
Court-martial at Parris Island : the Ribbon Creek incident / 
Wuthering Heights / 
Dance of dreams / 
Vermont afternoons with Robert Frost / 
Kids InSight, reconsidering how to meet the literacy needs of all students / 
Frankenbug / 
CliffsNotes Shakespeare's Julius Caesar / 
Pearl / 
Chicken soup for the little souls : 3 colorful stories to warm the hearts of children / 
Newspaper layout & design : a team approach / 
The Europeans : a sketch / 
The prince and the pauper / 
Celebrate the gift : a Christmas treasury from Focus on the Family / 
The impact of privatization in the Americas / 
Nobel writers on writing / 
The social impacts of infectious disease in England, 1600 to 1900 / 
No time to clean! : how to reduce & prevent cleaning the professional way / 
Three cats, two dogs : one journey through multiple pet loss / 
Blessing the bridge : what animals teach us about death, dying, and beyond / 
The ugly duckling / 
Nicky and the fantastic birthday gift / 
Happy birthday, Davy / 
Who stole the gold? / 
Telecommunications internetworking / 
Safer sex : the new morality / 
Fouled away : the baseball tragedy of Hack Wilson / 
An inner-biblical exegetical study of the Davidic covenant and the dynastic oracle / 
The ethics of educational leadership / 
Endocrinology & metabolism / 
Health and disease in human history : a journal of interdisciplinary history reader / 
Understanding children's animal stories / 
The representation of London in Regency and Victorian drama (1821-1881) / 
Integrating theology and ethics in Ephesians : the ethos of communication / 
Families, professionals, and exceptionality : collaborating for empowerment / 
Precalculus : functions and graphs / 
El osito polar y el conejito valiente / 
13 alumni artists / 
Preserving digital information : a how-to-do-it manual / 
Murder carries a torch : a Southern sisters mystery / 
Microsoft Exchange 2000 server : administrator's pocket consultant / 
Newnes passive and discrete circuits / 
A Letter to Santa Claus / 
Danny, the angry lion / 
Internet publishing and beyond : the economics of digital information and intellectual property / 
Culture and subjective well-being / 
Keys to prosperity : free markets, sound money, and a bit of luck / 
Tim Duncan / 
Knowledge management strategies / 
Anymore / 
Foundations : early childhood education in a diverse society / 
Meredith's mixed-up magic / 
The Emden-Ayesha adventure : German raiders in the South Seas and beyond, 1914 / 
Language, text, and knowledge : mental models of expert communication / 
The livable city : revitalizing urban communities / 
Children with autism : a parent's guide / 
Mississippi forests and forestry / 
Economic issues for consumers / 
Canon and creativity : modern writing and the authority of scripture / 
Prepositions + : the collected critical essays / 
Fireside stories : heartwarming tales of life, love, and laughter / 
Torts, personal injury litigation / 
Heidegger's polemos : from being to politics / 
Bitter fruit : the politics of Black-Korean conflict in New York City / 
Over the edge : a regular guy's odyssey in extreme sports / 
Communication between cultures / 
Day hikes on the Pacific Crest Trail : California / 
Moral issues in business / 
Pluto / 
The physical chemistry of natural waters / 
The restaurant : from concept to operation / 
A modern introduction to particle physics / 
Lectures on real analysis / 
Statistical experiments and decisions : asymptotic theory / 
A Southern practice : the diary and autobiography of Charles A. Hentz, M.D. / 
The legal, ethical, and regulatory environment of business / 
Essentials of business law and the legal environment / 
Mainline to the future : congregations for the 21st century / 
Privately owned public space : the New York City experience / 
The interplay of influence : news, advertising, politics, and the mass media / 
Prejudice across America / 
The identity question : Blacks and Jews in Europe and America / 
Laying down the law : a study of the Theodosian code / 
Cherry : a memoir / 
Writing the second act : building conflict and tension in your film script / 
Catering management / 
Another vow / 
African-Americans & the presidency : a history of broken promises / 
Water in a broken glass / 
Women & depression : a sane approach to mood disorders / 
The quotable golfer / 
Coaching for leadership : how the world's greatest coaches help leaders learn / 
All the blue moons at the Wallace Hotel / 
The essential Advent and  Christmas handbook : a daily companion : with a glossary of key terms / 
When you look at me / 
Gandhi, freedom, and self-rule / 
50 ways to prevent colon cancer / 
Congress from the inside : observations from the majority and the minority / 
Thief : the bizarre story of fugitive financier Martin Frankel / 
Rosie the Rubber Worker : women workers in Akron's rubber factories during World War II / 
I've seen the elephant : an autobiography / 
Quick reference to veterinary medicine / 
Parenting a toddler / 
Parenting an infant / 
The new book of table settings : creative ideas for the way we gather today / 
The three little pigs / 
Missions in the age of the Spirit / 
Very short stories to read together / 
The ten tests of Avraham / 
Conflict resolution : communication, cooperation, compromise / 
Forensic aspects of vision and highway safety / 
Beavers : a wildlife handbook / 
Ancient teachings for beginners : auras, chakras, angels, rebirth, astral projection  / 
Low speed automobile accidents : investigation, documentation, and case preparation / 
DARE To Be You : a systems approach to the early prevention of problem behaviors / 
The construction of spin eigenfunctions : an exercise book / 
Value theory and economic progress : the institutional economics of J. Fagg Foster / 
The language of recovery : 
Thoughts to share with a wonderful teenager : 
The language of recovery : 
Friends are forever / 
MOMS facilitator's guide / 
Cold steel rain / 
Riptide / 
An online visit to Asia / 
British politics and European elections 1999 / 
Old dog's guide for pups : advice and rules for human training / 
Israel and Ishmael : studies in Muslim-Jewish relations / 
Islam in Russia : the four seasons / 
An introduction to applied econometrics : a time series approach / 
Sociology : issues and debates / 
Secularisation in Western Europe, 1848-1914 / 
Where China meets Southeast Asia : social & cultural change in the border regions / 
Sanctions as economic statecraft : theory and practice / 
The riddle of the modern world : of liberty, wealth and equality / 
Party finance and political corruption / 
Betraying our selves : forms of self-representation in early modern English texts / 
Developments in British politics 6 / 
An introduction to modern political theory / 
Making plays : interviews with contemporary British dramatists and their directors / 
Freedom in chains : the rise of the state and the demise of the citizen / 
The Irish manor house murder / 
Method acting reconsidered : theory, practice, future / 
The shoestring entrepreneur's guide to the best home-based franchises / 
Adam Sandler : America's comedian / 
Death is not the end : an Inspector Rebus novella / 
Women's history : Britain 1850-1945 : an introduction / 
Issues in physical education / 
If only we knew : increasing the public value of social science research / 
British culture of the postwar : an introduction to literature and society, 1945-1999 / 
Sex, social purity, and Sarah Grand / 
Danger in the field : risk and ethics in social research / 
Critical topics in exhaust gas aftertreatment / 
Corona performance of high-voltage transmission lines / 
You might be a football fan if-- : simplified game notes for would-be fans / 
The garden of my childhood / 
Bicycling magazine's mountain biking skills : tactics, tips and techniques to master any terrain / 
What's in a word? / 
A gentleman entertains : a guide to making memorable occasions happen / 
The Christmas quilt : a novel / 
Texas alphabet / 
Black, white, and Jewish : autobiography of a shifting self / 
Crime and deviance : essays and innovations of Edwin M. Lemert / 
Ads, fads, and consumer culture : advertising's impact on American character and society / 
Chomsky on miseducation / 
Cub Scouts climb the tower : Hunter Mountain, 1963 / 
A favor returned / 
Expandability of the 21st century Army / 
EXHALT : an interdiction model for exploring halt capabilities in a large scenario space / 
Identifying potential ethnic conflict : application of a process model / 
The look-it-up book of first ladies / 
Gender in world history / 
Early modern capitalism : economic and social change in Europe 1400-1800 / 
God in the details : American religion in popular culture / 
Marketing, morality and the natural environment / 
Education, work, and social capital : towards a new conception of vocational education / 
French theory in America / 
Outsiders inside : whiteness, place, and Irish women / 
Working time : international trends, theory, and policy perspectives / 
Women claim Islam : creating Islamic feminism through literature / 
Home territories : media, mobility and identity / 
Empire of pleasures : luxury and indulgence in the Roman world / 
Real boys' voices / 
Gourmet every day / 
The persistence of Victorian liberalism : the politics of social reform in Britain, 1870-1900 / 
The daughters of Luke McCall / 
The Bolshevik revolution and Russian Civil War / 
Successful keyword searching : initiating research on popular topics using electronic databases / 
Culture and customs of Cuba / 
W.E.B. Du Bois : an encyclopedia / 
Reconsidering Israel and Judah : recent studies on the Deuteronomistic history / 
Back to protein : the no-carb/low-carb cooking / 
Natural ways to digestive health : interfaces between conventional and alternative medicine / 
Down to the sea : the fishing schooners of Gloucester / 
The clubwomen's daughters : collectivist impulses in Progressive-era girl's fiction, 1890-1940 / 
The artists of De Stijl : a guide to the literature / 
GPS instant navigation : from basics to electronic charting / 
Dictionary of furniture / 
Escape to Morocco / 
Herman Melville A to Z : the essential reference to his life and work / 
The Boston globe historic walks in old Boston / 
Culture and customs of Jamaica / 
In the face of presumptions : essays, speeches, & incidental writings / 
Writing dramatic nonfiction / 
Chaim Potok : a critical companion / 
The cave / 
Capital and uncertainty : the capital investment process in a market economy / 
Costing nature in a transition economy : case studies in Poland / 
Gay rights / 
Fear of crime among the elderly : a multi-method study of the small town experience / 
Economic institutions and democratic reform : a comparative analysis of post-communist countries / 
Copyright and economic theory : friends or foes? / 
I am Arachne : fifteen Greek and Roman myths / 
Grandpa says-- : stories for a seventh generation / 
Look! I can read! / 
Beloved island : Franklin & Eleanor and the legacy of Campobello / 
Gunboats, corruption, and claims : foreign intervention in Venezuela, 1899-1908 / 
Marry me stranger / 
Secret of the pale lover / 
Kill me gently, darling / 
Fluid catalytic cracking handbook : design, operation, and troubleshooting of FCC facilities / 
Review manual for food safety manager certification exam / 
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 / 
Child abuse : a global view / 
Feminist theory and Christian theology : cartographies of grace / 
Rainy day activities / 
Early childhood workshops that work! : the essential guide to successful training and workshops / 
Statistics in psychology : an historical perspective / 
Prayers for the road : Psalm meditations for college students / 
Endangered peoples of Latin America : struggles to survive and thrive / 
Emotion and religion : a critical assessment and annotated bibliography / 
Prisoners' rights : the Supreme Court and evolving standards of decency / 
Word journeys : assessment-guided phonics, spelling, and vocabulary instruction / 
Doing the right thing : a real estate practitioner's guide to ethical decision making / 
Out here by ourselves : the stories of young people whose mothers have AIDS / 
The journey home : the obstacles to peace in A course in miracles / 
Trendwatch : insights that fuel authentic youth ministry / 
Practical meta-analysis / 
The good life : alternatives in ethics / 
Autonomy and order : a communitarian anthology / 
The encyclopedia of child abuse / 
Basic essentials. Rafting / 
Handbook of contemporary learning theories / 
Reducing prejudice and discrimination / 
The ways we love : a developmental approach to treating couples / 
Portfolio design / 
Understanding earth / 
Grinch & bear it! : life according to the supreme green meanie! / 
Contemporary women's poetry : reading/writing/practice / 
Double character : slavery and mastery in the antebellum southern courtroom / 
Mara : a novel / 
Everything on a waffle / 
Microsoft publisher 2000 / 
Ballerina! / 
The rules / 
Middleware networks : concept, design, and deployment of Internet infrastructure / 
Ethical issues in health care on the frontiers of the twenty-first century / 
Experimental acoustic inversion methods for exploration of the shallow water environment / 
Raising faith-filled kids : ordinary opportunities to nurture spirituality at home / 
The liberal mind / 
Hobbes on civil association / 
Solitude & solidarity : the artist and the Baháʾí community / 
Grandfather counts / 
Grandma's purple flowers / 
2001, a book of grace-filled days / 
Ten oni drummers / 
Little Fern's first winter / 
Toddler two / 
Béisbol! : Latino baseball pioneers and legends / 
Conducting school-based assessments of child and adolescent behavior / 
Encyclopedia of Japanese American history : an A-to-Z reference from 1868 to the present / 
Fables of a Jewish Aesop / 
Sapphic slashers : sex, violence, and American modernity / 
Race, class, and gender in the United States : an integrated study / 
We, the ordinary people of the streets / 
The starting point of Calvin's theology / 
Breaking free : making liberty in Christ a reality in life / 
The Ducks Unlimited guide to shotgunning / 
Fundamentals of air conditioning systems / 
Unbroken circles : the campground of Martha's Vineyard / 
Mountain biking Reno & Carson City best trails / 
Shear deformable beams and plates : relationships with classical solutions / 
The giant panda : the hope for tomorrow / 
The sequential dynamics of narrative : energies at the margins of fiction / 
The rules of engagement / 
The world in the time of Alexander the Great / 
The archaeology of Jordan and beyond : essays in honor of James A. Sauer / 
South African writers / 
The headmaster's wife : a novel / 
Writing in the dark, dancing in The New Yorker / 
Ulysses and the metamorphosis of Stephen Dedalus / 
Adam and evil : an Amanda Pepper mystery / 
Beowulf and the dragon : parallels and analogues / 
Local vertical : poems / 
Writing down the days : 365 creative journaling ideas for young people / 
Libraries and librarianship in India / 
Spikes : a novel / 
Collected poems, 1920-1954 / 
Doña María's story : life history, memory, and political identity / 
Bernard the angry rooster / 
Roughstock : the toughest events in rodeo/ 
Production safety for film, television, and video / 
A sound person's guide to video / 
The Facts on File dictionary of biotechnology and genetic engineering / 
Design of robust control systems : from classical to modern practical approaches / 
Listening for the soul : pastoral care and spiritual direction / 
In their own way : accepting your children for who they are / 
The fingerprints of God : tracking the divine suspect through a history of images / 
Religion in the Dead Sea scrolls / 
Southwestern soups, stews & skillet suppers / 
Financial modeling / 
Reasoning about rational agents / 
Lotus Notes and Domino R5 : exam guide / 
Biology / 
Contemporary college physics / 
Celtic quilts : a new look for ancient designs / 
French impressions : the adventures of an American family / 
May it please the court : judicial processes and politics in America / 
Feeling thankful / 
The handbook of fixed income securities / 
Athletic training management : concepts and applications / 
Responding to human rights violations, 1946-1999 / 
College football stadiums : an illustrated guide to NCAA Division I-A / 
State and local government : politics and public policies / 
Luck : a novel / 
Flashfire / 
The Renaissance : a short history / 
Children's literature in the elementary school / 
Walking the high ridge : life as field trip / 
Whither the postmodern library? : libraries, technology, and education in the information age / 
After the fall : Srebrenica survivors in St. Louis / 
Antarctic journal : the hidden worlds of Antarctica's animals / 
Painting tiny treasures / 
Sacred readings : a journal / 
The panic attack recovery book / 
Failed crusade : America and the tragedy of post-Communist Russia / 
Dark horses and black beauties : animals, women, a passion / 
Coherence in thought and action / 
Be angry, but don't blow it : maintaining your passion without losing your cool / 
The pyramid complex of Senwosret III at Dahshur architectural studies / 
Virtual music : computer synthesis of musical style / 
Painting pets on rocks / 
The chemical tree : a history of chemistry / 
Paper piece a Merry Christmas / 
The new millionaire's handbook : a guide to contemporary social climbing / 
Apocalypse how? : Baptist movements during the English Revolution / 
An exploration of the dynamics of collaboration and non-resistance / 
A charmed life : celebrating Wicca every day / 
Early childhood education today / 
Exploring Wicca : the beliefs, rites, and rituals of the Wiccan religion / 
Europol and police cooperation in Europe / 
Fire your broker and trade online : everything you need to start investing online / 
Secrets of the wealth makers : top money managers reveal their investing wisdom / 
Aum Shinrikyo's impact on Japanese society / 
Dietary reference intakes for vitamin C, vitamin E, selenium, and carotenoids : 
Best dive sites of the world / 
Little red car has an accident / 
The western horizon / 
Babaylan : an anthology of Filipina and Filipina American writers / 
Java 2 platform, enterprise edition : platform and component specifications / 
The economics of public issues / 
Ruskin's rose : a Venetian love story / 
The map of love / 
The ten commandments of relationships / 
The child welfare challenge : policy, practice, and research / 
Called to be free : reflections on the meaning of Christian freedom / 
Professional liability to third parties / 
Attachment and adult psychotherapy / 
Living waters : the Mei HaShiloach : a commentary on the Torah / 
The seven lights : on the major Jewish festivals / 
To the ends of the earth : the quest for the ten lost tribes of Israel / 
Every person's guide to the book of Proverbs and Ecclesiastes / 
The dissertation : an architecture student's handbook / 
Calcium : nature's versatile mineral / 
Achieving a beneficial fitness : a program and a philosophy in mental retardation / 
Family law : essential terms and concepts / 
Pornography in America : a reference handbook / 
Mathematics education research : a guide for the research mathematician / 
Exploring black holes : introduction to general relativity / 
E-Commerce systems architecture and applications : / 
Secured credit : a systems approach / 
Reading and understanding more multivariate statistics / 
Southern dogs & their people / 
Kenny Rogers presents The greatest / 
Earth's deep interior : mineral physics and tomography from the atomic to the global scale / 
Canine reproduction : the breeder's guide / 
Reality therapy for the 21st century / 
The development of language / 
ASTM standards on activated carbon / 
Measuring and evaluating school learning / 
Multiple perspectives on mathematics teaching and learning / 
The book of change : making life better / 
Feminist family therapy / 
Connecticut : the spirit of America / 
How to develop a professional portfolio : a manual for teachers / 
The art of editing / 
Developing e-commerce sites : an integrated approach / 
The business case for Web-based training / 
Kernel projects for Linux / 
Westies, from head to tail / 
The fidget factor : the easy way to burn up to 1000 extra calories every day / 
Adult literacy assessment tool kit / 
Confessions of a fallen standard-bearer / 
The malcontenta : a Kathy and Brock mystery / 
Best books for young adults / 
The stations of the Cross for the new millennium / 
Sociology : a down-to-earth approach / 
Technology transfer guide / 
Principles of public speaking / 
Developing the curriculum / 
Managing historical records programs : a guide for historical agencies / 
Strategies for teachers : teaching content and thinking skills / 
How to buy foreclosed real estate for a fraction of its value / 
Chinese ink, Western pen : stories of China : an anthology / 
Angkor : the Khmers in ancient Chinese annals / 
Combinatorial chemistry : a practical approach / 
Martyrs' shrine : the story of the reform movement of 1898 in China / 
Enterprise JavaBeans / 
Ripcord : Screaming Eagles under siege, Vietnam 1970  / 
Christian moral realism : natural law, narrative, virtue, and the Gospel / 
Pierre Bourdieu : a critical introduction / 
Explaining value and other essays in moral philosophy / 
Icy watermelon / 
Flint / 
Doing time : prison experience and identity among first-time inmates / 
European monetary and fiscal policy / 
The economics of monetary union / 
An enquiry concerning human understanding : a critical edition / 
The Oslo Accords : international law and the Israeli-Palestinian peace agreements / 
It's not about the bike : my journey back to life / 
The school of tomorrow : values and vision / 
The psychology of gender and sexuality : an introduction / 
Interviewing : a practical guide for students and professionals / 
Abound with blessings : a month of poems and prayers / 
Through the looking glass : reflections on Christ that change us / 
Delivering legendary customer service : seven steps to success / 
The rule book of business plans for startups / 
Market and community : the bases of social order, revolution, and relegitimation / 
Businessplan.com : how to write an ecommerce business plan / 
Future pasts : the analytic tradition in twentieth-century philosophy / 
Psychotherapy supervision : an integrative relational approach to psychotherapy supervision / 
Social structure / 
Ethnography / 
Emotion, social relationships, and health / 
Lacan in America / 
Environmental politics and policy, 1960s-1990s / 
State and local politics : government by the people / 
The Colonial Williamsburg tavern cookbook  / the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation ; 
Tripping : an anthology of true-life psychedelic adventures / 
No one said a word / 
Evolution, history and destiny : letters to Alain Locke (1886-1954) and others / 
Membrane transport : a practical approach / 
String of pearls : recipes for living well in the real world / 
Prodige à voir : recherches comparatives sur l'origine casuelle de l'infinitif en grec ancien / 
Pepita takes time / 
Le verbe grec ancien : éléments de morphologie et de syntaxe historiques / 
The boastful chef : the discourse of food in ancient Greek comedy / 
The closer we are to dying : a memoir of father and family / 
Servitude in modern times / 
Bulimia nervosa : a cognitive therapy programme for clients / 
Design and analysis of ecological experiments / 
Crocheting for fun & profit / 
Games and information : an introduction to game theory / 
The twelve prophets / 
The Catholic Church in the twentieth century : renewing and reimaging the city of God / 
Projects as business constituents and guiding motives / 
Pensions in the European Union : adapting to economic and social change / 
Skateboard renegade / 
Evaluating and reserving wrongful death and personal injury cases / 
The annotated bibliography of international programme evaluation / 
Spatial epidemiology : methods and applications / 
Antenatal and neonatal screening / 
I was a communist for the F.B.I. : the unhappy life and times of Matt Cvetic / 
Oedipus in Britain : Edward Glover and the struggle over Klein / 
Surface active behaviour of performance surfactants / 
Prescription for greed / 
The right to privacy / 
Jesus in solidarity with his people : a theologian looks at Mark / 
Collected stories / 
Arthur's perfect Christmas / 
Elder grace : the nobility of aging / 
Honeymoon : a romantic rampage / 
ABCD : an alphabet book of cats and dogs / 
What will I do with my money? : how your personality affects your financial behavior / 
Not by accident : what I learned from my son's untimely death / 
Couples : a celebration of commitment / 
The inventor's notebook / 
Riches for the poor : the Clemente Course in the Humanities / 
Ergonomics : how to design for ease and efficiency / 
101 miracle foods that heal your heart / 
Recent advances and issues in computers / 
Introduction to materials management / 
Body mechanics and self-care manual / 
Computer graphics : using OpenGL / 
Balancing the scales of justice : local courts and rural society in Southwest France, 1750-1800 / 
Ambivalent joint production and the natural environment : an economic and thermodynamic analysis / 
Women in British public life, 1914-1950 : gender, power, and social policy / 
Metarepresentations : a multidisciplinary perspective / 
Storms in her head : Freud and the construction of hysteria / 
Sharing the wealth : demographic change and economic transfers between generations / 
History of Japanese trade and industry policy / 
Rural livelihoods and diversity in developing countries / 
One of the guys : girls, gangs, and gender / 
Cascading style sheets : the definitive guide / 
A history of Harrow School, 1324-1991 / 
Class, ethnicity, and community in Southern Mexico : Oaxaca's peasantries / 
Stability of drugs and dosage forms / 
American Heart Association low-fat & luscious desserts : 
Behind the doors of San Miguel de Allende / 
Pagan fleshworks : the alchemy of body modification / 
Introduction to Excel / 
Modern physical chemistry : a molecular approach / 
A short introduction to intuitionistic logic / 
Iron and steamship archaeology : success and failure on the SS Xantho / 
Denise Levertov : new perspectives / 
Europe, 1880-1945 / 
Pricing in competitive electricity markets / 
Dr. Jensen's guide to body chemistry & nutrition / 
Anatomy recall / 
Handbook of cross-cultural neuropsychology / 
Physical illness and depression in older adults : a handbook of theory, research, and practice / 
The biology and pathology of innate immunity mechanisms / 
Mitchum : in his own words / 
The monologue audition : a practical guide for actors / 
A general-semantics glossary : Pula's guide for the perplexed / 
Tarot para principiantes : una guía fácil para entender e interpretar el tarot / 
E.W. Bullinger : a biography / 
31 days to contagious living : a daily devotional guide on modeling Christ to others / 
Kids, classrooms, & contemporary education : probing the headlines that impact your family / 
Preaching with passion / 
Baptism : the believer's first obedience / 
Safe in the arms of Jesus : God's provision for the death of those who cannot believe / 
Living whole without a better half / 
Seasons of mangoes and brainfire : poems / 
Art, education, and the democratic commitment : a defense of state support for the arts / 
Creation, evolution, & modern science : probing the headlines that impact your family / 
Towards a theology of God the Father : Hans Urs von Balthasar's theodramatic approach / 
Only passing through : the story of Sojourner Truth / 
Resolving personal and organizational conflict : stories of transformation and forgiveness / 
Fighting for your Jewish marriage : preserving a lasting promise / 
See you soon, Moon / 
When mules flew on Magnolia Street / 
Pulmonary rehabilitation : guidelines to success / 
The notion of an ideal audience in legal argument / 
Potential for industrial energy-efficiency improvement in the long term / 
Pharmaceutical patents in Europe / 
Branching programs and binary decision diagrams : theory and applications / 
Signaling through the cell matrix / 
A short history of Europe, 1600-1815 : search for a reasonable world / 
Patton and his Third Army / 
Westward expansion / 
Physiology of the ear / 
Minimally invasive spine surgery : a surgical manual / 
Tacos / 
Old wood new home / 
Teleliteracy : taking television seriously / 
The pineal gland and cancer : neuroimmunoendocrine mechanisms in malignancy / 
The pleasing hour : a novel / 
Yankin' and liftin' their whole lives : a Mississippi River commercial fisherman / 
To be an anchor in the storm : a guide for families and friends of abused women / 
Electronic structure and physical properties of solids : the uses of the LMTO method / 
Leadership for constructivist schools / 
Macroeconomics : theories, policies, and international applications / 
The churches and catacombs of early Christian Rome : a comprehensive guide / 
Leadership : theory, application, skill building / 
A child in winter : Advent, Christmas, and Epiphany / 
Robin Hook, pirate hunter! / 
Visiting day / 
The tale of Tricky Fox : a New England trickster tale / 
Professional issues in speech-language pathology and audiology / 
Siddhartha / 
Elimination methods / 
Raise your child's self-esteem! : 99 easy things to do / 
One nation, indivisible? / 
Destruction or love = La destrucción o el amor / 
Honk! Toot! Beep! / 
Fluffy's school bus adventure / 
Butterflies / 
Voices from the set : the Film heritage interviews / 
The fisherman's ocean / 
Split screen : Belgian cinema and cultural identity / 
Pennsylvania breweries / 
Campgrounds of Santa Barbara and Ventura counties / 
Africa / 
The girlhood diary of Wanda Gág, 1908-1909 : portrait of a young artist / 
Deformed, disfigured, and despised : first lesson sermons for Lent/Easter, Cycle C / 
The miracles of Jesus and their flip side : cycles A, B, and C / 
The presence in the promise : first lesson sermons for Advent/Christmas/Epiphany, Cycle C / 
Evidence law and practice / 
Don't forget this! : second lesson sermons for Sundays after Pentecost (last third), Cycle C / 
The second coming of Steve Jobs / 
Conformity and orthodoxy in the English church, c. 1560-1660 / 
Praying for a whole new world : Gospel sermons for Advent/Christmas/Epiphany, Cycle C / 
Living vertically : Gospel sermons for Lent/Easter, Cycle C / 
Changing a paradigm-- or two : Gospel sermons for Sundays after Pentecost (first third), cycle C / 
You have mail from God! : second lesson sermons for Advent/Christmas/Epiphany, cycle C / 
Hope for the weary heart : second lesson sermons for Lent/Easter, cycle C / 
A word that sets free : first lesson sermons for Sundays after Pentecost (last third) Cycle C / 
Review manual for neurology in clinical practice  / 
Rub a dub dub / 
Humpty Dumpty / 
Row, row, row your boat / 
Fluffy meets the groundhog / 
Dinofours, it's Valentine's Day! / 
Dear Wish Fairy / 
Mud / 
The first Thanksgiving / 
Mainstream mathematical economics in the 20th century / 
Managing global innovation : uncovering the secrets of future competitiveness / 
The new Mamluks : Egyptian society and modern feudalism / 
Bestfeeding : getting breastfeeding right for you : the illustrated guide / 
Genesis : a short story collection / 
The tree outside the window / 
Wild orchards / 
Sights / 
That place called home : a very special love story / 
Your one-stop guide to Mary / 
The card shop : a dazzling collection of handmade paper greetings / 
Presidential debates : forty years of high-risk TV / 
In the morning of the world : six woodland why stories / 
Mission to Malaspiga / 
Developing innovation systems : Mexico in a global context / 
Icebound summer / 
Tales of swordfish and tuna / 
Foxhunting in England, Ireland, and North America : a life in hunt service / 
Tales of the angler's Eldorado, New Zealand / 
Reminiscing with Noble Sissle and Eubie Blake / 
Walt Disney's Dumbo / 
Ireland since 1690 : a concise history / 
Trout dreams : a gallery of fly-fishing profiles / 
No island is an island : four glances at English literature in a world perspective / 
The new apocalypse : 
A day this lit : poems / 
Old English prose translations of King Alfred's reign / 
Increase Mather : clergyman and scholar / 
Stephen Crane / 
Invisible light : poems about God / 
Cotton Bowl days : growing up with Dallas and the Cowboys in the 1960s / 
Modern grill pan cooking / 
At the turn : how two electrifying years changed golf forever  / 
Can't take my eyes off of you : 1 man, 7 days, 12 televisions / 
The ketogenic diet : a treatment for epilepsy / 
Multiple sclerosis : the questions you have--the answers you need / 
Multiple sclerosis : diagnosis, medical management, and rehabilitation / 
Parkinson's disease : a self-help guide / 
All about muscle : a user's guide / 
An Englishman in the court of the Tsar : the spiritual journey of Charles Sydney Gibbes / 
111 one-minute monologues / 
Being friends / 
Stonewall Jackson : Confederate general / 
First Mate Tate / 
Butterfly Sunday / 
Dream freedom / 
What kids are made of : true stories of young rescuers, rulers, and rebels / 
The film festival guide : for filmmakers, film buffs, and industry professionals / 
Waiting / 
Confessions of an ugly stepsister / 
Masters of war : classical strategic thought / 
Winstanley and the Diggers, 1649-1999/ 
Fabricating Israeli history : the "new historians" / 
The character of organizations : using personality type in organization development / 
The shorter Columbia anthology of traditional Chinese literature / 
Happy hours : alcohol in a woman's life / 
The epochs of international law / 
Wintry night / 
The Boer War : direction, experience, and image / 
The Coalwood way / 
Bunker Hill : a novel / 
Be true to your self : a daily guide for teenage girls / 
Odds / 
The house on Moon Lake : a novel / 
Jayber Crow : a novel / 
Here in the world / 
It's a chick thing : celebrating the wild side of women's friendships / 
Triumphant fox : Erwin Rommel and the rise of the Afrika Korps / 
The lion and the mouse : and other Aesop's fables / 
The dandelion wish / 
The boy who became an eagle / 
Ultimate stock car / 
Words alone : the poet, T.S. Eliot / 
Venus / 
Castles / 
Talking the walk : 31 sessions for new small groups / 
Digital signal processing : a computer science perspective / 
Design and analysis of magnetoresistive recording heads / 
Perimenopause the natural way / 
Getting pregnant the natural way / 
A simple guide to SPSS for Windows : for versions 8.0, 9.0, and 10.0 / 
Right on the money : taking control of your personal finances / 
Trade and transport facilitation : an audit methodology / 
Sociology in our times / 
My heart speaks : wisdom from Pope John XXIII / 
On hallowed ground : Abraham Lincoln and the foundations of American history / 
Rosa Parks / 
Introduction to hazardous waste incineration / 
Making waves : stories from my life / 
Fundamentals of digital television transmission / 
Managing disaster risk in emerging economies / 
Whistler's Venice / 
The artist & the garden / 
Foundations of natural resources policy and management / 
Triumph of good will : how Terry Sanford beat a champion of segregation and reshaped the South / 
Teaching in perspective / 
Raising the devil : Satanism, new religions, and the media / 
Young heroes of Gettysburg / 
The shepherd's voice : a novel / 
The blossom and the nettle / 
West's business law : text, cases, legal, ethical, international, and e-commerce environment / 
Marketing research / 
Reliable financial reporting and internal control : a global implementation guide / 
To serve God and Mammon : church-state relations in American politics / 
Getting started in consulting / 
Hutterites of Montana / 
The writer's idea book / 
It's about time : America's imprisonment binge / 
When your soul aches : hope and help for women who have lost their husbands / 
Forgive one another : moving past the hurt one step at a time / 
Brave hearts : unlocking the courage to love with abandon / 
Stardust : supernovae and life-- the cosmic connection / 
Tough decisions : cases in medical ethics / 
Physiology of inflammation / 
Iphigenia among the Taurians ; Bacchae ; Iphigenia at Aulis ; Rhesus / 
Mississippi River country tales : a celebration of 500 years of Deep South history / 
Human resource management : an experiential approach / 
Prealgebra / 
Telecommunications / 
Beginning algebra / 
Intermediate algebra / 
Statistics for business and economics / 
Hypochondriasis : modern perspectives on an ancient malady / 
Democracy and association / 
The structure of American industry / 
Services marketing : people, technology, strategy / 
The governors of Tennessee / 
Mostly miniatures : an introduction to Persian painting / 
Truth v. justice : the morality of truth commissions / 
The choice : a fable of free trade and protectionism / 
Thinking about sexual harassment : a guide for the perplexed / 
Weekend getaways in Alabama / 
The American intellectual tradition : a sourcebook / 
Reforming social security for ourselves and our posterity / 
Maximization, whatever the cost : race, redistricting, and the Department of Justice / 
Sweatshops on wheels : winners and losers in trucking deregulation / 
Eyes to see, ears to hear : an introduction to Ignatian spirituality / 
Post-national patriotism and the feasibility of post-national community in United Germany / 
Holographic golf : uniting the mind and body to improve your game / 
On their own : three New Hampshire scholars chronicle their adventures abroad / 
The art of growing up : simple ways to be yourself at last / 
Chicken soup, cheap whiskey, and bad women : a true life murder trilogy / 
The joy of fatherhood : the first twelve months/ 
Waterworks / 
The Confederate cookbook : family favorites from the Sons of Confederate Veterans / 
Eating right / 
Pit vipers / 
Rattlesnakes / 
On friendship / 
Inside transracial adoption / 
From here to serenity : four principles for understanding who you really are / 
Art history's history / 
Statics and strength of materials / 
Supervision in the helping professions : an individual, group and organizational approach / 
A gallant company : the men of the Great Escape / 
Changing school subjects : power, gender, and curriculum / 
Innovating in higher education : teaching, learning, and institutional cultures / 
The economics of poverty and discrimination / 
Working knowledge : the new vocationalism and higher education / 
Microeconomics / 
Rocking horse land and other classic tales of dolls and toys / 
Life's adventure : virtual risk in a real world / 
Brenda's gift : a novel / 
Diane Warner's wedding question & answer book / 
101 home office success secrets / 
Low back pain : a symptom-based approach to diagnosis and treatment / 
Therapy with couples : a behavioural-systems approach to couple relationship and sexual problems / 
Keys to understanding securities / 
Stats to go : a guide to statistics for hospitality, leisure, and tourism / 
Human physiology : from cells to systems / 
The conduct of care : understanding nursing practice / 
Practical CM : best configuration management practices / 
Suzette and the puppy : a story about Mary Cassatt / 
Le vertige du vide : Huysmans, Céline, Sartre / 
Congressional Quarterly's desk reference on the economy / 
After I dream / 
Handbook of beverage packaging / 
The Revolutionary War / 
Avian medicine / 
A knock on the door / 
Getting started as a financial planner / 
Economic analysis for property and business / 
Courage / persevering in the face of fear / 
300 B.C. / 
World War I / 
Trouble for Lucia : a novel / 
A double affair : a novel / 
The Cambridge companion to Bartók / 
Dogs / 
Greek thought : a guide to classical knowledge / 
Autism in history : the case of Hugh Blair of Borgue / 
The social and literary contexts of Malory's Morte Darthur / 
New perspectives on Middle English texts : a festschrift for R.A. Waldron / 
The girlhood diary of Louisa May Alcott, 1843-1846 : writings of a young author / 
In Tuscany / 
World War II / 
The boyhood diary of Theodore Roosevelt, 1869-1870 : early travels of the 26th U.S. President / 
Make a name for yourself / 
Word order change in Icelandic : from OV to VO / 
Successful scientific writing : a step-by-step guide for the biological and medical sciences / 
Circle of seven / 
Courbes semi-stables et groupe fondamental en géométrie algébrique : Luminy, décembre 1998 / 
Semantic leaps : frame-shifting and conceptual blending in meaning construction / 
The aloha shirt : spirit of the islands / 
Complete guide to symptoms illness & surgery / 
Corporate politics for IT managers : how to get streetwise / 
Natural food antimicrobial systems / 
The work of the imagination / 
Simple to spectacular : how to take one basic recipe to four levels of sophistication / 
Nietzsche's legacy for education : past and present values / 
This day in Baptist history II : 366 daily devotions / 
Introduction to communication research / 
Experimental methods for engineers / 
The armchair paddler : an Anthology of Canoeing, Kayak and Rafting Adventures / 
Singing to the sound : visions of nature, animals & spirit / 
Stories from where we live. The North Atlantic coast / 
Women and warriors of the plains : the pioneer photography of Julia E. Tuell / 
The lottery and other stories / 
Islam and secularism in the Middle East / 
Richard Sibbes : Puritanism and Calvinism in late Elizabethan and early Stuart England / 
Defending pornography  : free speech, sex, and the fight for women's rights / 
Call center operations : profiting from teleservices / 
McGraw-Hill illustrated telecom dictionary / 
Daughter of the shining isles / 
Studying temperate marine environments : a handbook for ecologists / 
The terminal private / 
Fifty acres and a poodle : a story of love, livestock, and finding myself on a farm / 
Legacy of the dead : an Inspector Ian Rutledge mystery / 
Beyond moralism : a contemporary view of the Ten Commandments / 
Generalist practice with organizations and communities / 
Impaired judgment : a novel / 
Heteroptera of economic importance / 
Community care for health professionals / 
Dogspell : a dogmatic theology on the abounding love of God / 
Sibelius studies / 
The little black book of dermatology / 
The tranquility wars / 
Math into LaTeX / 
Handbook on analytic-computational methods in applied mathematics / 
No such thing as over the hill : making the most of life after 60 / 
Doing data analysis with SPSS 10.0 / 
Conversations in Sicily / 
Power line ampacity system : theory, modeling, and applications / 
King James I and the religious culture of England / 
Thomas Watson, Sr. : IBM and the computer revolution / 
Pediatric and adolescent gynecology / 
Schiller's early dramas : a critical history / 
Oklahoma / 
Essays on definition / 
No eyes : Lester Young / 
Religion in Iran : from Zoroaster to Baha'ullah / 
The vanishing rouble : barter networks and non-monetary transactions in post-Soviet societies / 
John Steinbeck and the critics / 
Justice James Iredell / 
Labor, solidarity, and the common good : essays on the ethical foundations of management / 
Essays on the future : in honor of Nick Metropolis / 
Linear and nonlinear aspects of vortices : the Ginzburg-Landau model / 
Intentional group counseling : a microskills approach / 
The weekend genealogist : timesaving techniques for effective research / 
The kid who would be king : one minute Bible stories about kids / 
Takeover : the new Wall Street warriors : the men, the money, the impact / 
Post-traumatic stress theory : research and application / 
An introduction to free-radical chemistry / 
Ibrāhīm Ibn Sinān, logique et géométrie au Xe siècle / 
Introduction to medical law / 
Cattus petasatus : The cat in the hat in Latin / 
A study of the complex and disputed philosophical questions surrounding human action / 
Fundamental concepts of educational leadership / 
E.C. Bridgman (1801-1861), America's first missionary to China / 
Snappy little Halloween / 
Office space planning : designing  for tomorrow's workplace / 
Get fit, stay fit / 
Illness and the environment : a reader in contested medicine / 
Adam, Adam, what do you see? / 
Microsoft Windows Script Host 2.0 developer's guide / 
Digital scanning and photography / 
Exploring current issues in educational technology / 
Curriculum planning : integrating multiculturalism, constructivism, and education reform / 
Business ethics : readings and cases in corporate morality / 
Global capitalism / 
Software engineering : a practitioner's approach / 
Criminology / 
Tapestry of culture : an introduction to cultural anthropology / 
A systems approach to small group interaction / 
Public and private families : a reader / 
Modern Russia / 
English skills / 
75 readings : an anthology / 
Hearing a different drummer : a Holocaust survivor's search for identity / 
Pediatrics : 
Giant airliners / 
Route 66 / 
The retirement catch-up guide : 54 real-life lessons to boost your retirement resources now / 
Time-saver standards for architectural lighting / 
Milestones of science / 
Toil in the soil / 
The Old English Hexateuch : aspects and approaches / 
Nation of nations : a narrative history of the American republic / 
The parahippocampal region : implications for neurological and psychiatric diseases / 
Atherosclerosis V : the fifth Saratoga International Conference / 
Pioneers of American landscape design / 
Dynamics of strength training and conditioning / 
Elementary & middle school social studies : an interdisciplinary instructional approach / 
Hannah Arendt and the politics of tragedy / 
Ithaca then & now / 
An investigation of Japan's relationship to nature and environment / 
Bandits / 
Experiments in knowing : gender and method in the social sciences / 
Help wanted : tales from the first job front / 
I hated, hated, hated this movie / 
The cognitive sciences : an interdisciplinary approach / 
The emperor's new clothes / 
The eagle & the wren / 
Jack and the beanstalk : an English fairy tale / 
Standard handbook of environmental science, health, and technology / 
Teaching students with learning problems / 
Practicing the art of leadership : a problem-based approach to implementing the ISLLC standards / 
Learning and instruction : theory into practice / 
Hare's Christmas gift / 
About teaching mathematics : a K-8 resource / 
Joke stew : 1,349 more hilarious servings from today's hottest comedians / 
A reassessment of early twentieth century Canadian poetry in English / 
Shih tzus / 
Special education law with cases / 
How to think straight about psychology / 
Let your fingers do the talking : using word of mouth advertising on the Internet / 
Stan and Jan Berenstain / 
Analytical mass spectrometry : strategies for environmental and related applications / 
Siberian huskies / 
Chihuahuas / 
Pugs / 
Scottish terriers / 
Challenges in prostate cancer / 
American Indians / 
Children's literature : an anthology, 1801-1902 / 
The civil rights movement / 
British social policy since 1945 : / 
The grand ellipse / 
Divorce wars : interventions with families in conflict / 
Magnetospheric current systems / 
Cooking with the diabetic chef / 
American Diabetes Association guide to raising a child with diabetes / 
Ancient African metallurgy : the socio-cultural context / 
Connections : writing, reading, and critical thinking / 
Principles of water rates, fees, and charges / 
Life with diabetes : a series of teaching outlines / 
Understanding financial statements / 
Introduction to special education : teaching in an age of opportunity / 
ISO 9000 at the front line / 
Ancestors, guide to discovery : key principles and processes of family history research / 
Men for all seasons : stories of sports and sex / 
Early American decorative arts, 1620-1860 : a handbook for interpreters / 
Preventing school violence : resource guide to safe schools / 
Justice / 
Profiles in flue gas desulfurization / 
Elephant tears : mask of the elephant / 
Narrative and experience : innovations in thirteenth-century picture books / 
The Moral of the story : literature and public ethics / 
Hardy's early poetry : Romanticism through a "dark bilberry eye" / 
For entertainment purposes only? : an analysis of the struggle to control filmic representations / 
Shake-it-up tales! : stories to sing, dance, drum, and act out / 
Unlikely victory : how General Electric succeeded in the chemical industry / 
George Washington in and as culture / 
Auditing your human resources department : a step-by-step guide / 
Data networking made easy : the small business guide to getting wired for success / 
Risk-based testing : development of guidelines, an ASME research report / 
Peace through law / 
The office of justice of the peace in England in its origin and development / 
The complete book of light-tackle fishing / 
Shadows / 
The comic Blackstone / 
The green suit / 
With one voice : reference companion / 
Dirty Poole : the autobiography of a gay porn pioneer / 
Introduction to fall protection / 
William Croone, on the reason of the movement of the muscles / 
Tools for PDE : pseudodifferential operators, paradifferential operators, and layer potentials / 
A history of women photographers / 
How to photograph children : secrets for capturing childhood's magic moments / 
Unix, the textbook / 
Standing like a stone wall : the life of General Thomas J. Jackson / 
Teenagers type 1 diabetes : a curriculum for adolescents and families / 
Inverse invariant theory and Steenrod operations / 
Invariant measures for unitary groups associated to Kac-Moody Lie algebras / 
Well-posedness of the Cauchy problem for nxn systems of conservation laws / 
An ergodic IP polynomial Szemerédi theorem / 
Estimating the error of numerical solutions of systems of reaction-diffusion equations / 
Geographic information systems in petroleum exploration and development / 
The book of birthday letters / 
How to design & deliver speeches / 
Conventions and expectations : a brief handbook and guide to writing / 
See how she runs : Marion Jones & the making of a champion / 
Psychology and the aging revolution : how we adapt to longer life / 
Trissel's stability of compounded formulations / 
Miriam's daughters : Jewish Latin American women poets / 
Using econometrics : a practical guide / 
Wolfgang Laib : a retrospective / 
Quilt of dreams / 
Hermaphroditus in America / 
Only with the heart : a novel / 
Who is the dreamer who dreams the dream? : a study of psychic presences / 
Dragonfly / 
St. Patrick's gargoyle / 
Handbook of rock art research / 
Program development in Java : abstraction, specification, and object-oriented design / 
Introduction to dog agility / 
Finance / 
Keys to understanding the financial news / 
Accounting / 
How to write better business letters / 
Dictionary of accounting terms / 
Reforming the state : fiscal and welfare reform in post-socialist countries / 
Simplicial algorithms for minimizing polyhedral functions / 
Descartes embodied : reading Cartesian philosophy through Cartesian science / 
Social capital : a theory of social structure and action / 
The devil and the sacred in English drama, 1350-1642 / 
Currents of change : impacts of El Niño and La Niña on climate and society / 
Introduction to distributed algorithms / 
Second nature : economic origins of human evolution / 
Canadian dictionary of finance and investment terms  / 
Ozone layer : a philosophy of science perspective / 
The modern portrait in nineteenth-century France / 
Heidegger's concept of truth / 
A bibliography of D.H. Lawrence / 
Divvs Clavdivs / 
Chicano drama : performance, society, and myth / 
Topics in symbolic dynamics and applications / 
Social movements and economic transition : markets and distributive conflict in Mexico / 
Delinquent-prone communities / 
Catholic revival in the age of the baroque : religious identity in southwest Germany, 1550-1750 / 
The insider's guide to buying tools : best of  Popular woodworking magazine / 
Holiday food / 
The undergrowth of science : delusion, self-deception, and human frailty / 
Rights / 
Colonel Cody and the flying cathedral : the adventures of the cowboy who conquered the sky / 
Elefantina's dream / 
Basic soil mechanics / 
Introduction to digital communication / 
Child development / 
Organizational theory : text and cases / 
Galilean journey : the Mexican-American promise / 
Mission in today's world / 
The social construction of race and ethnicity in the United States / 
Punishment and democracy : three strikes and you're out in California / 
An introduction to theories of learning / 
Selling is a team sport : turn your whole organization into a living, breathing, selling machine / 
Genesis as dialogue : a literary, historical, & theological commentary / 
A 21st century ethical toolbox / 
Introductory VHDL : from simulation to synthesis / 
Justice administration : police, courts, and corrections management / 
Esau and Jacob : a novel / 
The dawn of the Roman empire / 
Afoot & afield in Los Angeles County / 
American audiences on movies and moviegoing / 
Medical acronyms, eponyms, and mnemonics / 
The life and photography of Doris Ulmann / 
Conversations with Leslie Marmon Silko / 
Human relations in business : developing interpersonal and leadership skills / 
The new confessions / 
Quiet moments for busy moms : 
Local dynamics in an era of globalization : 21st century catalysts for development / 
Upper Room children's Bible stories and fascinating facts / 
Cyberpunk and cyberculture : science fiction and the work of William Gibson / 
Skeletons / 
Professional women painters in nineteenth-century Scotland : commitment, friendship, pleasure / 
Connective leadership : linking vision with action / 
Dietetics practitioner's guide to home health / 
Privatization in criminal justice : past, present, and future / 
Educational psychology / 
Flying fury : five years in the Royal Flying Corps / 
Java Card technology for Smart Cards : architecture and programmer's guide / 
JNDI API tutorial and reference : building directory-enabled Java applications / 
Design and use of software architectures : adopting and evolving a product-line approach / 
The jewelry of southeast Asia / 
The Greek kingdom of Bactria : from Alexander to Eucratides the Great / 
Parent effectiveness training : the proven program for raising responsible children / 
X rated wines : the Wine X magazine guide to wine / 
The portable handbook of Texas / 
Handbook of urban and community forestry in the northeast / 
Cell and molecular biology of the ear / 
Biosensors and their applications / 
Shepherdess with an automatic / 
Westward expansion : almanac / 
To learn is to do : a tikkun olam roadmap / 
Goat song : my island angora goat farm / 
Duffy, adventures of a collie : a novel / 
J.I. Packer answers questions for today / 
Repatriation reader : who owns American Indian remains? / 
Happy as a big sunflower : adventures in the West, 1876-1880 / 
Black Elk speaks : being the life story of a holy man of the Oglala Sioux / 
Lost time : 
Writing Indians : literacy, Christianity, and native community in early America / 
A tree accurst : Bobby McMillon and stories of Frankie Silver / 
Time to reconcile : the odyssey of a southern Baptist / 
Where no flag flies : Donald Davidson and the Southern resistance / 
Flying / 
The book of Psalms through the lens of intertextuality / 
Images of Germany / 
Teaching science in diverse settings : marginalized discourses and classroom practice / 
Eugenio María de Hostos y Alejandro Tapia y Rivera : avatares de una modernidad caribeña / 
Narrative memory in Flaubert's works / 
First love : the adolescent's experience of amour / 
The poor woman : a critical analysis of Asian theology and contemporary Chinese fiction by women / 
Civism : cultivating citizenship in European history / 
No mothers we! : Italian women writers and their revolt against maternity / 
English-Spanish translation, through a cross-cultural interpretation approach / 
Ornamental palm horticulture / 
The Seminole Indians of Florida / 
Inanna, Lady of Largest Heart : poems of the Sumerian high priestess Enheduanna / 
Intercultural communication : a practical guide / 
News from the volcano : stories / 
Washington then & now / 
Winter passing / 
Christian ethics and human nature / 
The triumph & tragedy of Lyndon Johnson : the White House years / 
Memoria pública, 1949-1999 : medio siglo de recuerdos y reflexiones / 
A poetics for screenwriters / 
Thomas Aquinas as reader of the Psalms / 
New Yorker profiles, 1925-1992 : a bibliography / 
The Korean American YWCA and the church : dialogue face-to-face, partnership hand-in-hand / 
Aristotle's best regime : a reading of Aristotle's Politics, VII. 1-10 / 
Ernest Vandiver, governor of Georgia / 
A first draft of history / 
Lone Star J.R. : the autobiography of racing legend Johnny Rutherford / 
Untidy gender : domestic service in Turkey / 
Depression / 
A place of beauty : the artists and gardens of the Cornish Colony / 
Chanukah blessing / 
Mabel takes a sail / 
But not for love / 
Chemistry of diesel fuels / 
Sexuality today : the human perspective / 
Language arts : process, product, and assessment / 
Multicultural education : a caring-centered, reflective approach / 
Understanding canon 17 of the 1983 code of canon law in light of contemporary hermeneutics / 
Press and politics in Africa / 
The four elements in Plato's Timaeus / 
Consciousness, free will, and the explanation of human behavior / 
Developing a theoretical model of counterproliferation for the 21st century / 
Puerto Rico, madre isla / 
Timing successful policy change : lessons from the civil service / 
Statistical methods for researchers made very simple / 
Fatal words and friendly faces : interpersonal communication in the twenty-first century / 
Prolegomena to a Christian theology of religions / 
Historical political economy of Washington, D.C. / 
The naked being of God : making sense of love mysticism / 
The ethical navigator / 
The rhetorical implications of Chinua Achebe's Things fall apart / 
Russian imperialism from Ivan the Great to the revolution / 
St. Louis then & now / 
Blessing new voices : prayers of young people and worship resources for youth ministry / 
My mother prayed for me : faith journaling for African American women / 
Hospital on the move : life with the 79th Hospital in World War II / 
Constraint on trial : Dirk Volckertsz Coornhert and religious freedom / 
Partners / 
Next! please / 
Uncharted seas / 
Ted Williams : a baseball life / 
Lines in the sand : race and class in lowcountry Georgia, 1750-1860 / 
Russian-American dialogue on the history of U.S. political parties / 
Quo vadis? : a story of faith in the last days of the Roman Empire / 
Volcanoes / 
Learn Oracle 8i / 
The wolves of Minnesota : howl in the heartland / 
Literary journalism : a reader / 
Learn SQL server 7.0 administration / 
An acrobat of the heart : a physical approach to acting inspired by the work of Jerzy Grotowski / 
People and places / 
Communities / 
How things move / 
Looking at ants / 
Let's make butter / 
Models / 
Seasons / 
What grows from a tree? 
Animal ears / 
On the go / 
People work / 
Cheetahs / 
The disconnected generation : saving our youth from self-destruction / 
Cleared for takeoff : fifty ways parents can help teenagers grow up and into lives of their own / 
Student underground : 
Venice & the East : the impact of the Islamic world on Venetian architecture, 1100-1500 / 
You can write a movie / 
The loony-bin trip / 
Moral acquaintances : methodology in bioethics / 
Our favorite things to do / 
Who is a friend? / 
Management and resolution of banking crises : lessons from the Republic of Korea and Mexico / 
The $100 billion allowance : accessing the global teen market / 
Transfer pricing international : a country-by-country guide / 
Research and evaluation for business / 
Internet marketing / 
Kinship & gender : an introduction / 
Humanity : a moral history of the twentieth century / 
Listening to our grandmothers' stories : the Bloomfield Academy for Chickasaw Females, 1852-1949 / 
Monacans and miners : Native American and coal mining communities in Appalachia / 
Earth's land and water / 
Online communities : designing usability, supporting sociability / 
Peiresc's Europe : learning and virtue in the seventeenth century / 
Labs afield : the ultimate tribute to the world's greatest retriever / 
The search for poison-dart frogs / 
Coastal plants from Cape Cod to Cape Canaveral / 
Herman Melville / 
Indian summers : Washington State College and the Nespelem Art Colony, 1937-41 / 
An invitation to health / 
Nutrition for health and health care / 
Notes from the pianist's bench / 
The portable ethicist for mental health professionals : an A-Z guide to responsible practice / 
Babylonian magic and sorcery : being "The prayers of the lifting of the hand" / 
The general principles of astrology. Liber DXXXVI / 
What hatches? / 
Taming Texas : Captain William T. Sadler's Lone Star service / 
The Lusitania : the life, loss, and legacy of an ocean legend / 
All quiet on the Orient Express : a novel / 
Women administrators in higher education : historical and contemporary perspectives / 
Faculty work in schools of education : rethinking roles and rewards for the twenty-first century / 
Marketing research essentials / 
Stretching : 20th anniversary / 
Housebreaking & training your puppy  / 
Hot rod pioneers : the creators of the fastest sport on wheels / 
The cell : a molecular approach / 
From neuron to brain / 
Before the Mayflower : a history of Black America / 
Sandra Bullock / 
Drew Barrymore / 
Robin Williams / 
Kobe Bryant / 
Healing alternatives for beginners : whole body approach to health and well-being / 
MPLS : technology and applications / 
Skew-tolerant circuit design / 
The institutional presidency : organizing and managing the White House from FDR to Clinton / 
Helping paws : dogs that serve / 
Hooray for teeth! / 
The last great Miller : the four wheel drive Indy car / 
The Little Theatre on the Square : four decades of a small-town equity theatre / 
Stacking in Rivertown : a novel / 
Whispers : conversations with Edwina Gateley / 
Corporate financial analysis : in a global environment / 
Working with images : the theoretical base of archetypal psychology / 
Economics / 
Macroeconomics / 
Microeconomics / 
Mechanics in material space : with applications to defect and fracture mechanics / 
Letters from the Lost Soul : a five year voyage of discovery and adventure / 
Root hairs : cell and molecular biology / 
Mathematical analysis of viscoelastic flows / 
Spectral methods in MATLAB / 
Great beginnings : creating a literacy-rich kindergarten program / 
Contract law in Wisconsin / 
Handbook on electronic commerce / 
Madam President : shattering the last glass ceiling / 
Making it in the "free world" : women in transition from prison / 
Immemorial silence / 
In memoriam : a guide to modern funeral and memorial services / 
Turnagain, Ptarmigan, where did you go? / 
Diamond mines : baseball and labor / 
Mikhail Bakhtin and biblical scholarship : an introduction / 
Wild earth : avalanche! / 
British cardiology in the 20th century / 
Kokology : the game of self-discovery / 
Wonders of the natural mind : the essence of Dzogchen in the native Bon tradition of Tibet / 
Spunky Revolutionary War heroine / 
Pray hard / 
Basic economics / 
Limit theorems of probability theory / 
The pharmacology of functional, biochemical, and recombinant receptor systems / 
NOLS wilderness first aid / 
The honorary consul : a novel / 
Labor and employment law : text and cases / 
Feminism is for everybody : passionate politics / 
Cosmopolitan geographies : new locations in literature and culture / 
France and the Second World War : occupation, collaboration, and resistance, / 
Understanding business : environments / 
Reception study  : from literary theory to cultural studies / 
GenX religion / 
Reflections on the classical canon in economics : essays in honor of Samuel Hollander / 
A century of foreign investment in the Third World / 
Federalism and political performance / 
How to use your eyes / 
The politics of economic reform in South Korea : a fragile miracle / 
Feminism after postmodernism : theorising through practice / 
Get well, stay well : your complete guide to achieving optimum health / 
Hiking trails of southwestern Colorado / 
Reducing intergroup bias : the common ingroup identity model / 
Arrowheads & stone artifacts : a practical guide for the amateur archaeologist / 
Colorado's hot springs / 
Sustaining corporate growth : harnessing your strategic strengths / 
Presidential transitions : from politics to practice / 
Oh, how He loves you / 
The performance of India's export zones : a comparison with the Chinese approach / 
Museum store management / 
Measures of effectiveness for the information-age Army / 
Scientific charge-coupled devices / 
On the job : is long-term employment a thing of the past? / 
Urban inequality : evidence from four cities / 
Immigration research for a new century : multidisciplinary perspectives / 
A working nation : workers, work, and government in the new economy / 
Examination of the newborn : a practical guide / 
Nursing the image : media, culture, and professional identity / 
Intermediate Cantonese : a grammar and workbook / 
Reframing the early childhood curriculum : educational imperatives for the future / 
Routledge encyclopedia of language teaching and learning / 
Women in teacher training colleges, 1900-1960 : a culture of femininity / 
Galen : on food and diet / 
The business of greening / 
A country in the mind : Wallace Stegner, Bernard De Voto, history, and the American land / 
Women and politics in France 1958-2000 / 
Supporting literacy : a guide for primary classroom assistants / 
The sharp edge of educational change : teaching, leading, and the realities of reform / 
The Church of England, 1688-1832 : unity and accord / 
Cinema and nation / 
New documentary : a critical introduction / 
Cyril of Jerusalem / 
Philosophy of religion : an introduction / 
After Southern modernism : fiction of the contemporary South / 
Learning to be adolescent : growing up in U.S. and Japanese middle schools / 
Police in society / 
The second legal answer book for fund-raisers / 
The adolescent psychotherapy progress notes planner / 
Martin Luther King, Jr. : a man with a dream / 
The power of gold : the history of an obsession / 
Military justice in the Confederate States armies / 
Symbolic loss : the ambiguity of mourning and memory at century's end / 
Day trade part-time / 
Valuation : measuring and managing the value of companies / 
Partnershift : how to profit from the partnering trend / 
The Wigglesworth standard / 
The controller's function : the work of the managerial accountant / 
Explaining psychological statistics / 
Animal aviators : masters of flight / 
Engineering fluid mechanics / 
Introduction to information technology / 
Database application programming with Linux / 
Clinical psychology : concepts, methods, and profession / 
Attacking faulty reasoning : a practical guide to fallacy-free arguments / 
The romantic subject in autobiography : Rousseau and Goethe / 
Nowhere else on earth / 
Scamper : the bunny who went to the White House / 
The sooterkin / 
Philip Guston : a new alphabet, the late transition / 
What is a map? / 
Caring well : religion, narrative, and health care ethics / 
Stop! think! choose! : building emotional intelligence in young people / 
Your students can become roaring lambs : 
The Six-Day War and world Jewry / 
At school / 
Public relations cases / 
Wealth strategies : 9 1/2 steps to achieving physical, financial, and spiritual abundance / 
Music of the Baroque / 
After the war was over : reconstructing the family, nation, and state in Greece, 1943-1960 / 
Kepler's philosophy and the new astronomy / 
Total quality handbook / 
The Sherlock Holmes book of magic / 
Integral Europe : fast-capitalism, multiculturalism, neofascism / 
Chance in biology : using probability to explore nature / 
Everyone wants my job! : the ABC's of entertainment writing / 
The personal computer : operating, troubleshooting, and upgrading / 
Introduction to political sociology / 
A Tribble's guide to space / 
Stay the hand of vengeance : the politics of war crimes tribunals / 
War and punishment : the causes of war termination and the First World War / 
Clinical research coordinator handbook / 
Regions, globalization, and the knowledge-based economy / 
Russian genre painting in the nineteenth century / 
The way of the Labyrinth : a powerful meditation for everyday life / 
The ancient love song : finding Christ in the Old Testament / 
Justice and punishment : the rationale of coercion / 
The mortality crisis in transitional economies / 
Making informed medical decisions : where to look and how to use what you find / 
The UDF : a history of the United Democratic Front in South Africa, 1983-1991 / 
When Congress debates : a Bakhtinian paradigm / 
The Ten Cents War : Chile, Peru, and Bolivia in the War of the Pacific, 1879-1884 / 
Marion Jones : world class runner / 
Let's talk about feeling confused / 
Mount Everest : the highest mountain / 
What people wore during the Civil War / 
Fuzzy graphs and fuzzy hypergraphs / 
Fuzzy and neuro-fuzzy intelligent systems / 
Honour and violence / 
Letters from James : a high country love story / 
Land of smiles / 
The dancing fusilier / 
Highland fling / 
Journeys on the edges : the Celtic tradition / 
Managing change : a strategic approach to organisational dynamics / 
Historical research in educational settings / 
The old Adam / 
Singing to the Jinas : Jain laywomen, Maṇḍaḷ singing, and the negotiations of Jain devotion / 
Green Phoenix : restoring the tropical forests of Guanacaste, Costa Rica / 
The two-mile time machine : ice cores, abrupt climate change, and our future / 
Fat : fighting the obesity epidemic / 
Saint Saul : a skeleton key to the historical Jesus / 
Practising reflexivity in health and welfare : making knowledge / 
Rob Roy / 
Wallace / 
The heart is Highland / 
IA-64 and elementary functions : speed and precision / 
Transportation engineering and planning / 
Colonial Latin America / 
Schumann's Eichendorff Liederkreis and the genre of the romantic cycle / 
The Oxford companion to English literature / 
Divided by faith : evangelical religion and the problem of race in America / 
Proust's gods : Christian and mythological figures of speech in the works of Marcel Proust / 
Meat-eating & human evolution / 
Structure and function of an alpine ecosystem : Niwot Ridge, Colorado / 
European architecture 1750-1890 / 
Victorian psychology and British culture, 1850-1880 / 
Byzantine art / 
After modern art : 1945-2000 / 
Nineteenth-century American art / 
Intelligent data analysis in science / 
Research methods and audit in general practice / 
A place of healing : working with suffering in living and dying / 
The invisible enemy : a natural history of viruses / 
The Oxford book of sonnets / 
The transformation of American religion : the story of a late-twentieth-century awakening / 
Business in action / 
Supervision today! / 
Applied physics : concepts into practice / 
Finite mathematics & its applications / 
Computer numerical control : operation and programming / 
Real estate field manual : an official selling guide / 
The boyhood diary of Charles Lindbergh, 1913-1916 : early adventures of the famous aviator / 
California Gold Rush cooking / 
Neuronal mechanisms of memory formation : concepts of long-term potentiation and beyond / 
Nineteenth-century lumber camp cooking / 
The versatile soliton / 
Standard C++ with object-oriented programming / 
Rody : memories of Homer Rodeheaver / 
Globalization and social change / 
Crime profiles : the anatomy of dangerous persons, places, and situations / 
Sociology basics / 
Heavy traffic : deregulation, trade, and transformation in North American trucking / 
Mountain bike! the Canadian Rockies : a guide to the classic trails / 
The German soldier in World War II  / 
Liberalism and crime : the British experience / 
Creating the future's schools / 
Beauty and business : commerce, gender, and culture in modern America / 
Basic education at a distance / 
Battered women & feminist lawmaking / 
Graph theory / 
Hostage to fortune : the letters of Joseph P. Kennedy / 
Bone : dying into life / 
Staying street smart in the internet age ; what hasn't changed about the way we do business / 
Looking for Mary, or, The Blessed Mother and me / 
Legacy of love / 
Theory and design for mechanical measurements / 
Morality in practice / 
Novelist's essential guide to crafting scenes / 
Novelist's essential guide to creating plot / 
Black-Jewish relations on trial : Leo Frank and Jim Conley in the new South / 
Archetypes of wisdom : an introduction to philosophy / 
3-D image processing algorithms / 
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling / 
Practical environmental forensics : process and case histories / 
Everyone is a scientist / 
Food for thought / 
The immortal / 
Have your wedding cake and eat it too! : you can be both happy and married / 
A bishop's tale : Mathias Hovius among his flock in seventeenth-century Flanders / 
The Westminster collection of Christian meditation / 
Teachings of the Master : the collected sayings of Jesus Christ / 
Latin America in crisis / 
An introduction to contemporary international law : a policy-oriented perspective / 
Life after baby : from professional woman to beginner parent / 
Geographical targeting for poverty alleviation : methodology and applications / 
Enterprise development with VisualAge for Java : version 3 / 
Analytical chemistry in a GMP environment : a practical guide / 
On-premise catering : hotels, convention & conference centers, and clubs / 
Scanning probe microscopy and spectroscopy : theory, techniques, and applications / 
Functional analysis : an introduction to Banach space theory / 
The history of science fiction / 
Drawing the line : How Mason and Dixon surveyed the most famous border in America / 
Israelis and the Jewish tradition : an ancient people debating its future / 
The plant cell cycle and its interfaces / 
Instant JavaServer pages / 
American Indian cooking before 1500 / 
The new architecture of the international monetary system / 
The emergence of family into the 21st century / 
Heinrich von Kleist : Geschlecht, Erkenntnis, Wirklichkeit / 
An economic interpretation of the Constitution of the United States / 
The Spanish origin of international law. Francisco de Vitoria and his law of nations / 
Germany in the nineteenth century : history and literature / 
Elements of architectural design : a photographic sourcebook / 
Design of experiments using the Taguchi approach : 16 steps to product and process improvement / 
Healing muscle pain : tools, techniques, and tips to bring your muscles back to health / 
Applied logistic regression / 
More soy cooking : healthful renditions of classic traditional meals / 
Magnificent Mind masters multiplication / 
Sports stories / 
15 days of prayer with Saint Thomas Aquinas / 
Organizational behavior in education : instructional leadership and school reform / 
Preventing war : the United Nations and Macedonia / 
The first dynasty of Islam : the Umayyad caliphate AD 661-750 / 
Chamberet : recollections from an ordinary childhood / 
Stahlhelm : evolution of the German steel helmet / 
Conundrums for the long week-end : England, Dorothy L. Sayers, and Lord Peter Wimsey / 
Memoir of a cold war soldier / 
A paradise lost : the imperial garden Yuanming Yuan / 
The hikers guide to O'ahu / 
Birth & rebirth on an Alaskan island : the life of an Alutiiq healer / 
Woman in front of the sun : on becoming a writer / 
Administrative aspects of investment-based social security reform / 
Global sex / 
Connecting children : care and family life in later childhood / 
Leadership for change and school reform : international perspectives / 
Reconnecting culture, technology and nature : from society to heterogeneity / 
US foreign policy in world history / 
Philosophy of the arts : an introduction to aesthetics / 
Microfoundations and macroeconomics : an Austrian perspective / 
A new Germany in a new Europe / 
Reclaiming evolution : a dialogue between Marxist institutionalism on social change / 
Democracy and peacemaking : negotiations and debates, 1815-1973 / 
Money, credit, and price stability / 
Contemporary debates in American reform Judaism : conflicting visions / 
The drama classroom : action, reflection, transformation / 
US foreign policy since 1945 / 
Britain and the H-bomb / 
The legacy of supranationalism / 
The achievement of Thomas Hardy / 
The diaries of Samuel Bamford / 
Blaze : the forensics of fire / 
Green writing : romanticism and ecology / 
Beyond colonialism and nationalism in the Maghrib : history, culture, and politics / 
Climate change and American foreign policy / 
Crossroad of arts, crossroad of cultures : ecphrasis in Russian and French poetry / 
Henry Fielding at work : magistrate, businessman, writer / 
Culture and politics : a reader / 
Inside the volcano : my life with Malcolm Lowry / 
Wallace Stevens' poetics : the neglected rhetoric / 
The political economy of independent Ukraine / 
Exploring twins : towards a social analysis of twinship / 
How Britain works : from ideology to output politics / 
The SE switch : evolution and our self-esteem / 
Prevention's quick & healthy family favorites cookbook : 225 delicious recipes / 
Personnel savings in competitively sourced DoD activities : are they real? will they last? / 
Enhancing the retention of Army noncommissioned officers / 
International law and the politics of urban air operations / 
Lightning over water : sharpening America's light forces for rapid-reaction missions / 
The secularization debate / 
Aristotle on the necessity of public education / 
Portraits of "primitives" : ordering human kinds in the Chinese nation / 
Lives of insects / 
People and insects / 
Insects of all kinds / 
Plays / 
Wickiup / 
Keep cholesterol low / 
The insect's body / 
Homes and habits of insects / 
Amazing insects / 
The Queen Mother : grandmother of a nation / 
Ancient Greece / 
Pope John Paul II : pope for the people / 
Christian festival tales / 
Ancient Egypt / 
Jewish festival tales / 
The letters of J.R.R. Tolkien : a selection / 
Headache help : a complete guide to understanding headaches and the medicines that relieve them / 
The Magus of Java : teachings of an authentic Taoist immortal / 
The treasures and pleasures of Thailand : best of the best / 
Warthogs paint : a messy color book / 
Edna's tale / 
Cubby in Wonderland / 
Check up from the neck up : ensuring your mental health in the new millennium / 
All the names / 
Helen Keller : rebellious spirit / 
Snake 'n' Bacon's cartoon cabaret / 
Boston A to Z / 
There goes the neighborhood : ten buildings people loved to hate / 
The evolving woman / 
The Shelbys need help! : a choose-your-own-solutions guidebook for parents / 
Chevy trucks : high performance and custom modifications for Chevy/GMC C/K series trucks / 
Good tuning : a pocket guide / 
Managerial economics and organizational architecture / 
Corporate financial reporting / 
Fighting the invasion : the German Army at D-Day / 
Japanese tourists : socio-economic, marketing, and psychological analysis / 
Sexual offender treatment : biopsychosocial perspectives / 
Therapeutic exercise for athletic injuries / 
Antimicrobial therapy in veterinary medicine / 
Inside out / 
American sphinx : the character of Thomas Jefferson / 
Confederates in the attic : dispatches from the unfinished Civil War / 
Seeing is believing : how Hollywood taught us to stop worrying and love the fifties / 
School crisis management : a hands-on guide to training crisis response teams / 
R.H. Love Galleries selections : American genre through regionalism / 
Rethinking multiculturalism : cultural diversity and political theory / 
Natural resource economics : an introduction / 
Design of high-performance microprocessor circuits / 
The myth of the lost cause and Civil War history / 
From the earth to the moon / 
Wild Decembers / 
The proposition / 
The train now departing : two novellas / 
Voyager in night / 
Dilemma / 
The courts of chaos / 
Frog's best friend / 
The spell sword / 
One good turn : a natural history of the screwdriver and the screw / 
Family values through children's literature, grades K-3 / 
Management : challenges in the 21st century / 
Earthquake games / 
Hunting with Hemingway : based on the stories of Leicester Hemingway / 
Essentials of organization theory & design / 
Colorado / 
Business statistics : contemporary decision making / 
Advanced business communication / 
The Jew within : self, family, and community in America / 
An agenda for economic reform in Korea : international perspectives / 
Effective behavior in organizations : cases, concepts, and student experiences / 
Accounting for governmental and nonprofit entities / 
Preventive cardiology : strategies for the prevention and treatment of coronary artery disease / 
A family affair : when school troubles come home / 
Christianity : a global history / 
Youth ministry in modern America : 1930 to the present / 
Historical information science : an emerging unidiscipline / 
Charting new terrains of Chicana(o)/Latina(o) education / 
Ernest L. Thayer's Casey at the bat : a ballad of the Republic sung in the year 1888 / 
Brother Wolf of Gubbio : a legend of Saint Francis / 
Boatowner's handbook : reference data for maintenance, repair, navigation, and seamanship / 
Macroprudential indicators of financial system soundness / 
Dog Island / 
Gender and citizenship in the Middle East / 
The dybbuk and the Yiddish imagination : a haunted reader / 
Becoming apart : national power and local politics in Toyama, 1868-1945 / 
The plasma boundary of magnetic fusion devices / 
Field guide : a novel / 
Beer and circus : how big-time college sports is crippling undergraduate education / 
Itinerary : an intellectual journey / 
Never done : a history of American housework / 
Baumgartner's Bombay / 
The spice lilies : eastern secrets to healing with ginger, turmeric, cardamom, and galangal / 
It's the little things : the everyday interactions that get under the skin of Blacks and whites / 
Exercises for osteoporosis : over 100 exercises to improve strength, balance, and flexibility / 
Outsmarting female fatigue : the 8 energizing strategies for lifelong vitality / 
The middle Moffat / 
Religious encounter and the making of the Yoruba / 
How to be gorgeous : the ultimate beauty guide to makeup, hair, and more : 
Ditch that jerk : dealing with men who control and hurt women / 
Charles Darwin : the life of a revolutionary thinker / 
When to refer to a surgeon / 
Traffic control system operations : installation, management, and maintenance / 
Return from the Archipelago : narratives of Gulag survivors / 
How to get from where you are to where you want to be / 
Mathematical physics 2000 / 
Psychiatric secrets / 
Nursing faculty secrets / 
25 aromatherapy blends for de-stressing / 
What kind of world do we want? : American women plan for peace / 
Creative greeting cards / 
Cross-stitch for the first time / 
Death benefit : a Gray investigative thriller / 
Classic modern : midcentury modern at home / 
Rapid methods for analysis of biological materials in the environment / 
Environmental reconstruction in headwater areas / 
Science and modernity : toward an integral theory of science / 
Numerical modeling of the global atmosphere in the climate system / 
Cyclic polymers / 
Observations and predictions of eclipse times by early astronomers / 
Chaos in real data : the analysis of non-linear dynamics from short ecological time series / 
Textbook of therapeutics : drug and disease management / 
Cardiovascular aspects of dialysis treatment : the importance of volume control / 
Staffing management and methods : tools and techniques for nursing leaders / 
Statistical methods for health care research / 
Clinical anesthesia / 
Life at Southern living : a sort of memoir / 
The "unacceptables" : American foundations and refugee scholars between the two wars and after / 
Russian company law : basic legislation / 
Change / 
The biodynamic philosophy and treatment of psychosomatic conditions / 
Economic policy for growth : economic development is human development  / 
Suicide science : expanding the boundaries / 
Europe, toward the next enlargement / 
Agricultural markets beyond liberalization / 
Groundwater chemicals desk reference / 
Urban working women in the formal sector in Bangladesh / 
Teaching with a multicultural perspective : a practical guide / 
What do you want to do when you grow up? : starting the next chapter of your life / 
Investigations and applications of severe plastic deformation / 
Comprehensive lactation consultant exam review / 
Empirical studies of environmental policies in Europe / 
Totally convex functions for fixed points computation and infinite dimensional optimization / 
We are Baptists : studies for older elementary children / 
Urban disciples : a beginner's guide to serving God in the city / 
Executive selection : strategies for success / 
The red badge of courage : an episode of the American Civil War & "The veteran" / 
A Christmas carol / 
A guide to children's Bible story books in twentieth-century America : to hold and to have / 
Women of vision : an anthology of spiritual words from women across the centuries / 
Bicycling for fitness / 
In-line skating for fitness / 
Human retroviral infections : immunological and therapeutic control / 
A critical examination of linguistic variation in Golden-Age Spanish / 
Landscapes of power, landscapes of conflict : state formation in the south Scandinavian Iron Age / 
Computer-aided reasoning : ACL2 case studies / 
Tort and injury law / 
Cancer & nutrition : prevention and treatment / 
He's back / 
Cathedrals of kudzu : a personal landscape of the South / 
Nursing ethics : holistic caring practice / 
The doctor-patient relationship in pharmacotherapy : improving treatment effectiveness / 
Poor people's politics : Peronist survival networks and the legacy of Evita / 
Sleuthing the divine : the nexus of science and spirit / 
Becoming an authentic teacher in higher education / 
Power surge : six marks of discipleship for a changing church / 
Murder most fair : the appeal of mystery fiction / 
The flying cat and other amazing stories of the Washington Monument / 
A Ghost story / 
Phonological relations between words / 
Waffle / 
No zombies allowed / 
The Boys Team / 
Lady Buckaroo : a Western story / 
Ride to glory : a Western quartet / 
Man from Wyoming : a Western story / 
The woman at Ox-Yoke : a western duo / 
Teen angst? Naaah-- : a quasi-autobiography / 
Measures for clinical practice : a sourcebook / 
Nightmares : how to make sense of your darkest dreams  / 
Teen pregnancy / 
Teen pregnancy / 
Sports rules on file / 
Race and ethnicity / 
Drunk driving / 
The parables of Jesus : a commentary / 
There's a kangaroo in my soup! / 
Calvin : a biography / 
Cottage living : designing comfortable country retreats / 
Van Gogh and Gauguin : the search for sacred art / 
Blue Kansas sky : four short novels of memory, magic, surmise & estrangement / 
A Johnson sampler / 
Dialogues of Alfred North Whitehead / 
Aircrew training and assessment / 
The sporting art of Frank W. Benson / 
The loiterer : Oxford, 1790 / 
The language of teenagers : 
Black dog : a crime novel / 
Drinking lightning : art, creativity, and transformation / 
ADHD alternatives : a natural approach to treating attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder / 
Pocket reference for Pediatric primary care / 
Why do wolves howl? : questions and answers about wolves / 
How to prepare for the Praxis examination in audiology / 
How to prepare for the Praxis examination in speech-language pathology / 
Forensic computing : a practitioner's guide / 
Biotic regulation of the environment : key issue of global change / 
Soul stories / 
For the love of money : a novel / 
SIMSOC : 
You know your child is gifted when ... a beginner's guide to life on the bright side / 
Discovery and decision : exploring the metaphysics and epistemology of scientific classification / 
Underwriting 101 : selling college radio / 
Panel data econometrics : future directions : papers in honour of professor Pietro Balestra / 
Hélisenne de Crenne : at the crossroads of Renaissance humanism and feminism / 
This boat / 
The peril trek : a Western trio / 
Ghost mine : a Western story / 
The Pecos Kid returns : a Western duo / 
In the land of little sticks : North-Western stories / 
Great American rail journeys : the companion to the public television programs / 
Primal forces / 
Nutritional support in cancer and transplant patients / 
Biomaterials in the design and reliability of medical devices / 
Biomedical applications of polyurethanes / 
Ackamarackus : Julius Lester's sumptuously silly fantastically funny fables / 
Annals of a fortress : twenty-two centuries of siege warfare / 
Chronology of the Great War, 1914-1918 / 
Splish! splash! / 
Shirley Temple Black : actor and diplomat / 
Dirty Havana trilogy / 
The Greenhill armoured fighting vehicles data book / 
Fungal protoplast : a biotechnological tool / 
Hybrid neural systems / 
The development of prime number theory : from Euclid to Hardy and Littlewood / 
Wedding toasts : finding the perfect words / 
Elsevier's dictionary of cosmetic science : in English, German, French, and Portuguese / 
The nursing mother's problem solver / 
Paleozoic and triassic paleogeography and tectonics of Western Nevada and Northern California / 
Wonderful baby quilts to make / 
Town houses / 
Eastern spirit / 
An introduction to fossils and minerals : 
Hate crimes / 
Violence in the media / 
Self, God, and immortality : a Jamesian investigation / 
Liturgy for the people of God : a trilogy / 
Career opportunities in education / 
A reformation debate : Sadoleto's letter to the Genevans and Calvin's reply / 
Write me if you dare! / 
Crime, justice, and society : criminology and the sociological imagination / 
Sociology / 
Undefeated : how father and son triumphed over unbelievable odds both on and off the field / 
Your rights in the workplace / 
Ground of this blue earth / 
The new Central Asia : the creation of nations / 
The structure of economics : a mathematical analysis / 
Sacred monkey river : a canoe trip with the gods / 
Zarathustra in Paris : the Nietzsche vogue in France, 1891-1918 / 
Beyond feelings : a guide to critical thinking / 
A guided tour of René Descartes' Meditations on first philosophy / 
Rebels at Rock Island : the story of a Civil War prison / 
Airliners of the 1960s / 
The art of spelling : the madness and the method / 
Introduction to materials management casebook / 
The sugar house : a Tess Monaghan mystery / 
Cold is the grave / 
Psychology : an introduction / 
Integrated principles of zoology / 
1,001 things you always wanted to know about angels, demons, and the afterlife / 
Microsoft Do it yourself : Microsoft Windows Me, Millenium edition / 
Marvelous murals you can paint / 
Richard Serra / 
Two faces of liberalism / 
Dick Enberg's humorous quotes for all occasions / 
Appleton & Lange's outline review for the physician assistant examination / 
Behavior modification : understanding principles of behavior change / 
Eliot Ness and The untouchables : the historical reality and the film and television depictions / 
Mel Tormé : a chronicle of his recordings, books, and films / 
Trading in the global currency markets / 
Living safe in an unsafe world : the complete guide to family preparedness / 
Library services to youth of Hispanic heritage / 
Creepy crafty Halloween / 
Maternal-newborn nursing / 
Neurology : pre-test self-assessment and review / 
Disease : identification, prevention, and control / 
Pathology / 
Process quality control: troubleshooting and interpretation of data / 
B-47 stratojet : Boeing's brilliant bomber / 
Kingdom of the grail / 
Bicycling magazine's new cyclist handbook : ride with confidence and avoid common pitfalls / 
La familia saludable : 300 consejos para las mamás que cuidan la salud familiar / 
Managing frontiers in competitive intelligence / 
The global economy and international financing / 
Practical applications of approximate equations in finance and economics / 
Nonprofits in urban America / 
Advanced management accounting / 
Global alliances in the motor vehicle industry / 
Remaking China's public management / 
Managing conflict in organizations / 
Working ethics : strategies for decision making and organizational responsibility / 
Aluminium boatbuilding / 
How God saved civilization / 
Four dissertations ; and, Essays on suicide and the immortality of the soul / 
How different ethnic groups react to legal authority / 
The changing role of education in the California labor market / 
Personality plus for parents : understanding what makes your child tick / 
Making children mind without losing yours / 
Levadura en el mundo : creciendo en vida comunitaria / 
Activos en la historia / 
Educating the prince : essays in honor of Harvey Mansfield / 
Marketing democracy : changing opinion about inequality and politics in East Central Europe / 
Feng shui chic : stylish designs for harmonious living / 
Making and mastering wood planes / 
Encyclopedia of home maintenance and repair / 
The nature of woodworking : the quiet pleasures of crafting by hand / 
Encyclopedia of construction methods & materials / 
Masterful woodturning : projects & inspiration for the skilled turner / 
Constructing staircases, balustrades & landings / 
Simple optical illusion experiments with everyday materials / 
Structure of silk yarn / 
Foundations of the vocational rehabilitation process / 
Techno-human mesh : the growing power of information technologies / 
How the Grinch got so grinchy / 
Paris to the moon / 
Almanac of alien encounters / 
Revolutionary War on Wednesday / 
A magic crystal? / 
Bible stories from the New Testament / 
Human relations : a game plan for improving personal adjustment / 
Personal computer fundamentals for technology students : hardware, Windiws 2000, applications / 
Educator's sourcebook of African American heritage / 
MFC programming in C++ with the standard template libraries / 
The essential guide to home networking technologies / 
Prentice Hall's get a grip on supervisory skills / 
Real-resumes for career changers / 
Psychology in perspective / 
The vineyard : a novel / 
MOUS essentials. Access 2000 / 
Unflux : poems / 
Nicolae Bretan, his life, his music / 
A living architecture : Frank Lloyd Wright and Taliesin Architects / 
PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome) : the hidden epidemic / 
Sports her way : motivating girls to start and stay with sports / 
Down Barnegat Bay : a nor'easter midnight reader / 
Geospatial data infrastructure : concepts, cases, and good practice / 
Principles of operations management / 
The chef manager / 
Quality management and qualification needs / 
Operations management / 
Decision support systems and intelligent systems / 
Parallax / 
The Islamic world in ascendancy : from the Arab conquests to the siege of Vienna / 
Evolutionary algorithms : the role of mutation and recombination / 
The business of judging : selected essays and speeches / 
Applied computational electromagnetics : state of the art and future trends / 
Making and remaking Pennsylvania's Civil War / 
Transplantation surgery / 
Topics in group theory / 
Fetal and neonatal pathology / 
Therapeutic vaccination strategies / 
Monetary policy at the European periphery : Greek experience and lessons for EU candidates / 
Sedimentary basins : evolution, facies, and sediment budget / 
Robot manipulation of deformable objects / 
Multiparameter equations of state : an accurate source of thermodynamic property data / 
Building trust in business, politics, relationships, and life / 
An introduction to numerical methods in C++ / 
DNA, protein interactions : a practical approach / 
Tobacco control in developing countries / 
The indispensability of mathematics / 
Contemporary creative nonfiction : the art of truth / 
Spatial evolutionary modeling / 
Streetwise French : speak and understand everyday French / 
The white road : a novel / 
But when she was bad-- : a novel / 
Action Spanish! : activity starter pack / 
Curriculum models and early childhood education : appraising the relationship / 
Photography / 
Ultimate smoothies : delicious recipes for over 125 of the best smoothies, freezes, and blasts / 
The lynching tree / 
Structures / 
Masterworks : a musical discovery / 
Fundamentals of systems engineering : with economics, probability, and statistics / 
How to write a winning college application essay / 
The wealth of man / 
What art is : the esthetic theory of Ayn Rand / 
Culture : reinventing the social sciences / 
Introduction to clinical health psychology / 
Cultures of ageing : self, citizen, and the body / 
The new art of the leader : leading with integrity and honor / 
Tying down the wind : adventures in the worst weather on earth  / 
Architecture-independent loop parallelisation / 
Advances in independent component analysis / 
Ecology and management of coastal waters : the aquatic environment / 
Control of complex and uncertain systems : new types of feed back / 
Evolutionary design and manufacture : selected papers from ACDM'00 / 
Essential dynamic HTML fast : developing an interactive web site / 
An introduction to space robotics / 
Multimedia systems : delivering, generating, and interacting with multimedia / 
Issues of fault diagnosis for dynamic systems / 
Out of the storm and into God's arms : shelter in turbulent times / 
How to write what you love and make a living at it / 
Growth into manhood : resuming the journey / 
The contemplative mom : restoring rich relationship with God in the midst of motherhood / 
Effective magazine writing : let your words reach the world / 
Gloria Naylor : strategy and technique, magic and myth / 
The Future of Latino independent media : a NALIP sourcebook / 
Williams-Sonoma kitchen companion : the A to Z everyday cooking, equipment & ingredients / 
Nine American Jewish thinkers / 
When power corrupts : academic governing boards in the shadow of the Adelphi case / 
Identity and social change / 
More than a historian : the political and economic thought of Charles A. Beard / 
Router : methods of work / 
Notions : 
The dark island / 
The way south / 
The way of the priests / 
The dark way / 
The long way home / 
The white path / 
The war trail north / 
The messiah before Jesus : the suffering servant of the Dead Sea scrolls / 
Marketing democracy : power and social movements in post-dictatorship Chile / 
Maekawa Kunio and the emergence of Japanese modernist architecture / 
The body of Raphaelle Peale : still life and selfhood, 1812-1824 / 
An encyclopedia of the wines and domaines of France / 
Roman honor : the fire in the bones / 
The literature of California / 
Interpreting the self : autobiography in the Arabic literary tradition / 
Food rules : hunting, sharing, and tabooing game in Papua New Guinea / 
The historical Jesus through Catholic and Jewish eyes / 
Listen to the voices from the sea : writings of the fallen Japanese students / 
Confederates / 
Complete Sinawali : Filipino double weapon fighting / 
Catching up with the competition : trade opportunities and challenges for Arab countries / 
Disturbing the universe : power and repression in adolescent literature / 
The home workshop / 
Shop cabinets & tool stands / 
Invisible fences : prose poetry as a genre in French and American literature / 
Medical examinations : dissecting the doctor in French narrative prose, 1857-1894 / 
Gender and the musical canon / 
Britney Spears' heart to heart / 
Medicine for the earth : how to transform personal and environmental toxins / 
Arthritis medicines A-Z : a doctor's guide to today's most commonly prescribed arthritis drugs / 
Technology in American literature / 
The Victorians : a major authors anthology / 
Ireland defined : espionage through the ages / 
Winter solstice / 
Julie and Romeo / 
The reckoning / 
Inventing Al Gore : a biography / 
Management information systems / 
American government / 
The body, culture, and society : an introduction / 
Understanding rheology / 
Momma and the meaning of life : tales of psychotherapy / 
Managing intellectual capital : organizational, strategic, and policy dimensions / 
Alice Neel / 
Korean Americans and their religions : pilgrims and missionaries from a different shore / 
Kant's theory of a priori knowledge / 
Inventing the art collection : patrons, markets, and the state in nineteenth-century Spain / 
The Chinese have a word for it ; the complete guide to Chinese thought and culture / 
Teaching mathematics to students with learning disabilities / 
Denying divinity : apophasis in the patristic Christian and Soto Zen Buddhist traditions / 
The expressive organization : linking identity, reputation, and the corporate brand / 
Childbirth and the law / 
State responsibility for transboundary air pollution in international law / 
Knowledge of the land : land resources information and its use in rural development / 
Law and medicine / 
Aristotle on meaning and essence / 
Coalition governments in western Europe / 
Tony DeLap / 
Political scandal : power and visibility in the media age / 
Research on the management of innovation : the Minnesota studies / 
Managed care services : policy, programs, and research / 
The economics of health and health care / 
Altogether gift : a Trinitarian spirituality / 
The making of the Taiwan Relations Act : twenty years in retrospect / 
The Thelonious Monk reader / 
Mother of pearl : a novel / 
Including parents? : education, citizenship, and parental agency / 
Celtic quest : a healing journey for Irish Catholics / 
Black cross/red star : the air war over the Eastern Front / 
Europe as I see it / 
Statistical process control and quality improvement / 
The high protein cookbook / 
Catholicism USA : a portrait of the Catholic Church in the United States / 
Saving strangers : humanitarian intervention in international society / 
Environmental governance in Europe : an ever closer ecological union? / 
The global covenant : human conduct in a world of states / 
Labor relations and collective bargaining : cases, practice, and law / 
Texas : the Lone Star State / 
Modern matrix algebra / 
E.S.L. study guide for machine tool practices / 
LabVIEW : data acquisition & analysis for the movement sciences / 
Discrete mathematics / 
Math for merchandising : a step-by-step approach / 
Experiencing geometry : in Euclidean, spherical, and hyperbolic spaces / 
Understanding psychology / 
Jane Eyre / 
Gaia : the practical science of planetary medicine / 
The quarrel of Macaulay and Croker : politics and history in the age of reform / 
The first English empire : power and identities in the British Isles 1093-1343 / 
The Viking-age rune-stones : custom and commemoration in early medieval Scandinavia / 
The ethnographic imagination / 
Performance-based ratemaking : theory and practice / 
A dictionary of epidemiology / 
Characters of finite Coxeter groups and Iwahori-Hecke algebras / 
The impact of public opinion on U.S. foreign policy since Vietnam : constraining the colossus / 
Child abuse : towards a knowledge base / 
Stories of ageing / 
Business planning for healthcare management / 
Class analysis and social transformation / 
Training hearts, teaching minds : family devotions based on the shorter catechism / 
Higher education and its communities / 
Structuration / 
The research student's guide to success / 
Doing psychological research : gathering and analysing data / 
From conditioning to conscious recollection : memory systems of the brain / 
Nature loves to hide : quantum physics and reality, a western perspective / 
Elements of quantum mechanics / 
The Dhammapada / 
Thinking in Java / 
The Civil war : a history in documents / 
Prentice Hall's MOUS test preparation guide for Word 2000 / 
Women's empowerment and demographic processes : moving beyond Cairo / 
Testing and balancing HVAC air and water systems / 
The practice of social influence in multiple cultures / 
Television and the American family / 
What baby needs / 
Gifted bilingual students : a paradox? / 
Henry Rand Hatfield : humanist, scholar, and accounting educator / 
Heaven and its wonders and hell : drawn from things heard and seen / 
Reading the Bible in the global village : Helsinki / 
The wayward nun of Amherst : Emily Dickinson and medieval mystical women / 
Sky of swords : a tale of the king's blades / 
George Orwell : the collected essays, journalism & letters / 
Curly Bill's gift / 
Science and its times : understanding the social significance of scientific discovery / 
Industrial electronics : devices and systems. / 
Medical entomology : a textbook on public health and veterinary problems caused by arthropods / 
Symmetries and recursion operators for classical and supersymmetric differential equations / 
Optical properties of semiconductor nanostructures / 
Sovereignty over the Paracel and Spratly Islands / 
Local environmental change and society in Africa / 
Natural & herbal remedies for carpal tunnel syndrome / 
Dinosongs : poems to celebrate a T.rex named Sue / 
Korea and the United Nations / 
Dispersion of ventricular repolarization : state of the art / 
Unveiling traditions : postcolonial Islam in a polycentric world / 
Livestock management in the American Southwest : ecology, society, and economics / 
Saving face : my victory over skin cancer / 
The camera assistant's manual / 
How should prisons treat inmates? / 
Race relations : opposing viewpoints / 
Ribozyme : biochemistry and biotechnology / 
Contagious faith : empowering student leadership in youth evangelism / 
Supernatural love : poems, 1976-1992 / 
Romantic days and nights in New York City : romantic diversions in and around the city / 
Rope burns : stories from the corner / 
Morocco / 
Tales of H.P. Lovecraft : major works / 
African-American facts / 
Last comes the egg : a novel / 
Trade, travel, and exploration in the Middle Ages : an encyclopedia / 
Slave narratives / 
Move to strike / 
Thoracic surgery secrets / 
Leonard Bernstein : conductor and composer / 
White grizzly / 
Maya Angelou : author and documentary filmmaker / 
More stories from my father's court / 
The big six : a novel / 
The poetry of John Greenleaf Whittier : a readers' edition / 
The star-bearer : a creation myth from ancient Egypt / 
The story about Ping / 
Permian-Triassic evolution of Tethys and western circum-Pacific / 
Ancient coins at the Elvehjem Museum of Art / 
Bill Gates : computer programmer and entrepreneur / 
Parasite rex : inside the bizarre world of nature's most dangerous creatures / 
Designer drafting for the entertainment world / 
Recipes remembered / 
A reevaluation of the occurrence of ground water in the Nahiku area, East Maui, Hawaii / 
Relaxing on the porch / 
Health & wellness : your absolute, quintessential, all you wanted to know, complete guide / 
Your baby's first year week by week / 
God's precious gift in a manger / 
Writing at the kitchen table : the authorized biography of Elizabeth David / 
The economics of energy / 
Sustainability in action : sectoral and regional case studies / 
European futures : five possible scenarios for 2010 / 
China's trade and investment after the Asia crisis / 
Negotiating environmental quality : policy implementation in Germany and the United States / 
Social environmental research in the European Union : research networks and new agendas / 
Economic theories of international environmental cooperation / 
Human performance consulting : transforming human potential into productive business performance / 
Layers in the determiner phrase / 
Sandra Day O'Connor : lawyer and Supreme Court justice / 
Permissible advantage? : the moral consequences of elite schooling / 
In pursuit of justice : around the world and in the human heart / 
Martin Luther King, Jr. : minister and civil rights leader activist / 
Gateways to the global economy / 
Daycare and diplomas : teen mothers who stayed in school / 
The Kennedy-Johnson tax cut : a revisionist history / 
The economics of tourism / 
Wilma Rudolph : athlete and educator / 
Believe-it-or-not : 
Living water : a guide to baptism for Presbyterians / 
Discipleship / 
Discovering psychology / 
The nature of great apes : our next of kin / 
The nature of frogs : amphibians with attitude / 
Assessing the developing child musician : a guide for general music teachers / 
SIMSOC : simulated society : coordinator's manual with complete materials / 
Unsung heroes : a history of an immigrant community / 
Test of courage : the Michel Thomas story / 
Willa Cather's New York : new essays on Cather in the city / 
Right-wing populism in America : too close for comfort / 
Growing up fast : transitions to early adulthood of inner-city adolescent mothers / 
Twilight of press freedom : the rise of people's journalism / 
Comprehensive textbook of suicidology / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
So what are you going to do with that? : a guide to career-changing for M.A.'s and Ph.D.'s / 
An introduction to actuarial studies / 
Spot's windy day and other stories / 
Gus and Grandpa at basketball / 
Careers in focus. 
The years with Laura Díaz  / 
George Bush : business executive and U.S. president / 
Careers in focus. 
Cerebellar modules : molecules, morphology, and function / 
Fighting sudden cardiac death : a worldwide challenge / 
The modern Jewish canon : a journey through language and culture / 
Medical geography / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
The quotable woman : the first 5,000 years / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
Writing space : computers, hypertext, and the remediation of print / 
Friends are special : a tribute to those who accept, support & care / 
Graduates are special : a tribute to those with futures new & bright / 
Readings on The red pony / 
Up through the water / 
A woman run mad / 
The origin of the Brunists : a novel / 
Smoking / 
Censorship / 
The foundations of pension finance / 
Rock climbing Minnesota and Wisconsin / 
Food security in Asia : economics and policies / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
Plato's first interpreters / 
Planning the unthinkable : how new powers will use nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons / 
Christian critics : religion and the impasse in modern American social thought / 
On Aristotle's "Categories 9-15" / 
Collecting and historical consciousness in early nineteenth-century Germany / 
Cosmeceuticals : drugs vs. cosmetics / 
Block copolymers / 
Handbook of water analysis / 
Probability applications in mechanical design / 
Polymer and composite rheology / 
Flat rolling fundamentals/ 
Designing for product sound quality / 
Handbook of organizational consultation / 
Rapid tooling : technologies and industrial applications / 
Heart of ice / 
Burt Lancaster : an American life / 
Different seasons / 
High of heart / 
The day of the Jackal / 
The drowning season / 
Murder in Greenwich : who killed Martha Moxley? / 
The girl at the Lion d'or / 
The girl of the woods / 
Enchanted : the Donovan legacy / 
Requiem for Boone / 
The day the music stopped : re-enchantment of our lost spirit / 
Reagan : an American story / 
Whatever happened to Dulce Veiga? : a B-novel / 
Out in the South / 
A future perfect : the challenge and hidden promise of globalization / 
Classic cabinetry / 
A tour of duty in the Pacific Northwest : E.A. Porcher and H.M.S. Sparrowhawk, 1865-1868 / 
The art of the ridiculous sublime : on David Lynch's Lost highway / 
Phoenix eyes and other stories / 
Currency crises / 
Suburban burglary : a tale of two suburbs / 
Looking out for Sarah / 
Journals / 
Electron microscopy and analysis / 
Principles and methods of toxicology / 
Finite analytic method in flows and heat transfer / 
What to do when you're dating a Jew : everything you need to know from matzoh balls to marriage / 
The Whartons' cardio-fitness book : the step-by-step program for high energy and endurance / 
101 things you need to know about Internet law / 
The New York times parent's guide to the best books for children / 
The eye of storm : the power of the undisturbed mind / 
Mahabharata : the condensed version of the world's greatest spiritual epic / 
Mystical stories from the Bhagavatam : twenty-six timeless lessons in self-discovery / 
Handbook of war studies II / 
Continuity and change on the United States Courts of Appeals / 
Sex, race, and merit : debating affirmative action in education and employment / 
Personnel preparation in disability and community life : toward universal approaches to support / 
The social animal / 
The limits of coexistence : identity politics in Israel / 
Growth recurring : economic change in world history / 
Development theory and the economics of growth / 
The rope of God / 
Garden of scandal / 
Fallen angel / 
Lincoln, a foreigner's quest / 
Bee season / 
Biggie and the mangled mortician / 
Shrub : the short but happy political life of George W. Bush / 
The secret of annexe 3 / 
Roomful of roses / 
Partners / 
Diamond girl / 
We won't pay! We won't pay! and other plays : the collected plays of Dario Fo / 
2.5 minute ride ; and, 101 humiliating stories / 
In the heart of America, and other plays / 
A Dublin carol : a play / 
Cootie shots : theatrical inoculations against bigotry for kids, parents, and teachers / 
Straight wobblings of my father / 
House of women / 
Fasting, feasting / 
A royal ambition / 
Let it bleed : an Inspector Rebus novel / 
The smooth face of evil / 
Irish tenure : a mystery set at the University of Notre Dame / 
A conspiracy of paper / 
A recipe for bees / 
Witchcraft / 
Ride for a fall / 
Devilish / 
Weimar : a jurisprudence of crisis / 
Public health law : power, duty, restraint / 
Insatiable appetite : the United States and the ecological degradation of the tropical world / 
From Pergamon to Sperlonga : sculpture and context / 
The language of inquiry / 
Principles of ecotoxicology / 
The flagellates : unity, diversity, and evolution / 
Professional issues in software engineering / 
The art of spiritual warfare : a guide to lasting inner peace based on Sun Tzu's The art of war / 
Christian history / 
Prairie Christmas / 
Great women of faith / 
The call to love / 
The treasure : a novel / 
The essential guide to Bible versions / 
Parent's guide to the spiritual growth of children / 
Maurice, or, The fisher's cot : a tale / 
A man in charge : a novel / 
Architecture and geometry in the age of the Baroque / 
Douglas Rodriguez's Latin flavors on the grill / 
Barbecue inferno: cooking with chile peppers on the grill / 
Food for friends : homemade gifts for every season / 
Mind over matter / 
Dual image / 
A murder in Mayfair / 
The di Medici bride / 
The playboy and the widow / 
Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire / 
Working hands / 
The lost colony of the Confederacy / 
Finding Celia's place / 
The ground on which I stand / 
Habitat for Humanity : building private homes, building public religion / 
Philadelphia's cultural landscape : the Sartain family legacy / 
Delegating state powers : the effect of treaty regimes on democracy and sovereignty / 
Forced displacement and human security in the former Soviet Union : law & policy / 
Upper motor neurone syndrome and spasticity : clinical management and neurophysiology / 
Crisis intervention strategies / 
The politics of faculty unionization : the experience of three New England universities / 
The French in the United States : an ethnographic study / 
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research / 
Managing frozen foods / 
Minor traumatic brain injury handbook : diagnosis and treatment / 
Animal traditions : behavioural inheritance in evolution / 
Dictyostelium : evolution, cell biology, and the development of multicellularity / 
Genetics and criminal behavior / 
Thinking about evolution : historical, philosophical, and political perspectives / 
Essentials of English / 
Insulin resistance : a clinical handbook / 
Operations analysis using Microsoft Excel / 
Gendered poverty and well-being / 
Web data management and electronic commerce / 
The guy who lost his beach house : one-minute bible parables for kids / 
The Old South / 
The Blackwell companion to political sociology / 
Local authority social services : an introduction / 
The rise of the network society / 
Dynamic climatology : basis in mathematics and physics / 
Posing questions for a scientific archaeology / 
Archaeology, language, and history : essays on culture and ethnicity / 
Israel as center stage : a setting for social and religious enactments / 
Jane and the stillroom maid / 
Girls who rocked the world 2 : heroines from Harriet Tubman to Mia Hamm / 
Ship of destiny / 
The idea of Louis Sullivan / 
The Litvaks : a short history of the Jews in Lithuania / 
The listening hand : self-healing through the Rubenfeld synergy method of talk and touch / 
LabVIEW advanced programming techniques / 
Success without college. Careers in cosmetology / 
Entrepreneurship 101 / 
The writing of royalism, 1628-1660 / 
Inflammatory processes : molecular mechanisms and therapeutic opportunities / 
Cellular mechanisms in airways inflammation / 
Life in the Middle Ages. The church / 
Handbook of internet computing / 
Food toxicology / 
Computer and Internet dictionary for ages 9 to 99 / 
Vegetarian magic at the Regency House Spa / 
Complex analysis and geometry : international conference in honor of Pierre Lelong / 
Hidden scandals / 
Forensic evidence : science and the criminal law / 
The hot empire of Chile / 
Roman myths / 
Death attitudes and the older adult : theories, concepts, and applications / 
The almanac for desire : poems / 
Manuscripts in Midland libraries / 
Ilse witch / 
A sacred place : a novel / 
Growing up : gospel answers about maturation and sex / 
Advanced nutrition : macronutrients / 
Legends of the pond : stories of Big Island Pond, Atkinson, Derry, and Hampstead / 
Big picture people : overcoming a knothole view of life / 
Developing your school counseling program : a handbook for systematic planning / 
Protecting stream and river corridors : creating effective local riparian buffer ordinances / 
Priorities in biopesticide research and development in developing countries / 
End of millennium / 
Gender and citizenship : politics and agency in France, Britain, and Denmark / 
Nursing in haematological oncology / 
Sexual health : foundations for practice / 
The very, very rich : how they got that way and how you can, too! / 
Russ Paley's ultimate guide to network marketing : your step-by-step guide to wealth / 
Post-modern pilgrims : first century passion for the 21st century world / 
The creative guide to research : how to find what you need-- online or offline / 
An exposition of the On the hebdomads of Boethius / 
Stargazing : astronomy without a telescope / 
The big meow / 
The Brimstone journals / 
Joyride / 
Ant and Honey Bee : what a pair! / 
New hard-boiled writers, 1970s-1990s / 
Cambridge Latin course. Unit 1 / 
Growing strong daughters : encouraging girls to become all they're meant to be / 
A covenant to keep : meditations on the biblical theme of justice / 
The making of South African legal culture, 1902-1936 : fear, favour, and prejudice / 
Stories / 
Understanding and preventing violence : the psychology of human destructiveness / 
Advocacy in the human services / 
England in the 1670s : this masquerading age / 
Babies / 
The 50 best (and worst) business deals of all time / 
Representations of the Cuban and Philippine Insurrections on the Spanish stage, 1887-1898 / 
My vice is verses / 
American treaties and alliances / 
The fallen colossus / 
The big book of the brain : all about the body's control center / 
The braying donkey : reflections on a life / 
Tobee and the amazing bird choir / 
Hidden treasures : amazing stories from the Old Testament / 
Hidden treasures : amazing stories from the New Testament / 
South Dakota treaty search / 
When not to build : an architect's unconventional wisdom for the growing church / 
A history of women's writing in Italy / 
Infertility in the modern world : present and future prospects / 
Seagrass ecology / 
The final roar / 
Research methods for generalist social work / 
Timber booms and institutional breakdown in southeast Asia / 
Maldives / 
Values in the key of life : making harmony in the human community / 
Strengthening our families : an in-depth look at the proclamation on the family / 
State, society, and land in Jordan / 
Ottoman past and today's Turkey / 
Demographic change and fiscal policy / 
Individuals, institutions, and markets / 
Mozart and me / 
The hand of providence : a novel / 
Message in Montana / 
Physical combinatorics / 
Manual of contact lens prescribing and fitting with CD-ROM / 
The 14th U.S. Infantry Regiment in the American Civil War : John Young letters / 
My dad / 
Market neutral investing : long/short hedge fund strategies / 
The Blackwell encyclopaedia of social work / 
Introduction to molecular biology / 
Handbook of chemical processing equipment / 
The design of shielded enclosures : cost-effective methods to prevent EMI / 
Basic AC circuits / 
Cooking on nineteenth-century whaling ships / 
Meltdown : a race against nuclear disaster at Three Mile Island : a reporter's story / 
Beautiful America's Montana / 
Beyond dissociation : interaction between dissociated implicit and explicit processing / 
Crocodile : disappearing dragon / 
Clarice Bean, guess who's babysitting? / 
My hippie grandmother / 
Ethan at home / 
Accidental migrations : an archaeology of gothic discourse / 
Fundamentals of case management practice : exercises and readings / 
Essentials of writing / 
Rich Mullins : his life and legacy : an arrow pointing to heaven / 
Fundamentals of nursing / 
UpDrafts : case studies in teacher renewal / 
If pigs could fly-- and other deep thoughts : a collection of funny poems / 
Scientific basis for evaluating the risks to populations from space applications of plutonium : 
Ultimate adventure : National Geographic ultimate adventure sourcebook / 
The revelation of truth : a mosaic of God's plan for man / 
Abnormal psychology / 
The brave cowboy / 
The Mayor of Casterbridge : an authoritative text, backgrounds and contexts, criticism / 
The north country reader : classic stories / 
Exploring teaching : an introduction to education / 
Principles and methods of adapted physical education and recreation / 
The art of Renaissance Europe : a resource for educators  / 
Classroom assessment : concepts and applications / 
Sound it out! : phonics in a balanced reading program / 
Three faces of love / 
Collecting baseball cards : 21st century edition / 
Theme birthday parties for children : a complete planning guide / 
Future marketing : targeting seniors, Boomers, and Generations X and Y / 
The small business start-up kit / 
Colonial appliqué : inspirations from early America / 
Uncommon ground : architecture, technology, and topography / 
Basic statistics for the health sciences / 
A voice of magnanimity : philosophical essays / 
Great sound stereo speaker manual / 
Car stereo speaker projects illustrated / 
Greek people / 
Roman people / 
The Blender book : / 
Growing up in slavery / 
Laboratory atlas of anatomy and physiology / 
Pot on the fire : further exploits of a renegade cook / 
Plastic surgery : indications, operations, and outcomes / 
Naval warfare in the age of sail / 
Orwell : wintry conscience of a generation / 
The collapsible world / 
Children in therapy : using the family as a resource / 
Subjectivity : theories of the self from Freud to Haraway / 
The good news of the body : sexual theology and feminism / 
Cookies / 
Information arts : intersections of art, science, and technology / 
Empirical methods for exploiting parallel texts / 
The algebraic mind : integrating connectionism and cognitive science / 
Fall of a cosmonaut / 
Photon : old problems in light of new ideas / 
Photolanguage : how photos reveal the fascinating stories of our lives and relationships / 
Twentieth-century American architecture : the buildings and their makers / 
The epic of Gilgamesh : a new translation, analogues, criticism / 
Indian & Pakistani food practices, customs, and holidays / 
Commercial real estate transactions handbook / 
A dinosaur named Sue : the story of the colossal fossil : the world's most complete T. rex / 
Midnight wilderness : journeys in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge / 
Juvenile delinquency : historical, cultural, and legal perspectives / 
Family group conferencing : new directions in community-centered child and family practice / 
Evaluation of cesarean delivery / 
The femme's guide to the universe / 
Du Bois on religion / 
Essential components of cognitive-behavior therapy for depression / 
Telenursing : nursing practice in cyberspace / 
The inner work of leaders : leadership as a habit of mind / 
Jack Russell terriers / 
A place at the table : participating in community building / 
The writer's place : Heimito von Doderer and the Alsergrund District of Vienna / 
Evaluating reference services : a practical guide / 
Critical essays on Julian Schutting / 
Tax research techniques / 
The boy who ran to the woods / 
The secret of the great Houdini / 
The Declaration of Independence : 
From absurdity to Zen : the wit and wisdom of Roberta Kevelson / 
Shape a circle ever wider : liturgical inculturation in the United States / 
Heart sense for women : your plan for natural prevention and treatment / 
Playing without the ball : a novel in four quarters / 
Saturday night forever : the story of disco / 
The child clinician's handbook / 
Left back : a century of failed school reforms / 
Play with triangles / 
Plant galls of India / 
Storm at sea / 
German elite Pathfinders KG 100 in action / 
Napoleon's regiments : battle histories of the regiments of the French army, 1792-1815 / 
Battle of Britain Day : 15 September 1940 / 
1812--Napoleon's invasion of Russia / 
The Greenhill dictionary of military quotations / 
Xenophon and the art of command / 
Kesselring : German master strategist of the Second World War / 
Recent developments in general relativity / 
Screaming eagles : the 101st Airborne Division from D-Day to Desert Storm / 
German bombers over Russia / 
Ultimate field trip 5 : blasting off to Space Academy / 
Synagogue song in America / 
Sahara : la passion du desert / 
Condition monitoring of materials and structures / 
SIDE III : symmetries and integrability of difference equations / 
Public health administration : principles for population-based management / 
On moving and being moved : nonverbal behavior in clinical practice / 
Prison architecture : policy, design, and experience / 
Speaking with a purpose / 
Physiology of behavior / 
Phobic disorders and panic in adults : a guide to assessment and treatment / 
Law & mental health professionals. Michigan / 
The curious researcher : a guide to writing research papers / 
Patent practice handbook / 
The notion of equality / 
Revelation and story : narrative theology and the centrality of story / 
Nietzsche / 
Readings in medical sociology / 
Women & diabetes : staying healthy in body, mind, and spirit / 
Macroeconomics / 
Stylishly drawn : contemporary fashion illustration / 
Kenya / 
Spain / 
Charles Schulz / 
Faces of Christianity : a photographic journey / 
Codes and curves / 
Minimally processed fruits and vegetables : fundamental aspects and applications / 
The social worker's guide to the Internet / 
Learning disabilities : characteristics, identification, and teaching strategies / 
Motivation : biological, psychological, and environmental / 
Through Yup'ik eyes : an adopted son explores the landscape of family / 
Social welfare : a history of the American response to need / 
Economics today. The micro view / 
Economics today. The macro view / 
Economics today / 
Pendulum impact testing : a century of progress / 
Chaucer's dream visions : courtliness and individual identity / 
The complete manual on how to make money from your inventions and patents / 
The everything get ready for baby mini book / 
Principles and practice of biological mass spectrometry / 
Interferometry and synthesis in radio astronomy / 
A course in time series analysis / 
Financial accounting : a decision-making approach / 
How to find a home and get a mortage on the Internet / 
Outperform the Dow : using options, futures, and portfolio strategies to beat the market / 
Mission-based management : leading your not-for-profit in the 21st century / 
The practitioner's guide to mediation : a client-centered approach / 
The half-Jewish book : a celebration / 
Would you? : questions to challenge your beliefs / 
The boxer's heart : how I fell in love with the ring / 
The House & garden book of vacation homes and hideaways / 
The French garden / 
The finest houses of Paris / 
Tribal arts / 
Splendors of Islam : architecture, decoration, and design / 
Bridesmaids revisited / 
Healthy Jewish cooking / 
Bringing dinosaur bones to life : how do we know what dinosaurs were like? / 
A polar bear biologist at work / 
Forests and peasant politics in modern France / 
A quiet world : living with hearing loss / 
Horace's Carmen saeculare : ritual magic and the poet's art / 
This old Harley : the ultimate tribute to the world's greatest motorcycle / 
The marriage and family experience : intimate relationships in a changing society / 
The water cycle / 
Careers for geniuses & other gifted types / 
Incompressible flow and the finite element method / 
Winners and losers of EU integration : policy issues for Central and Eastern Europe / 
About 100 years ago / 
Fundamental statistics for behavioral sciences / 
Paul Henry / 
Computational molecular biology : an introduction / 
Metal oxide chemistry and synthesis : from solution to solid state / 
Rolling bearing analysis / 
Marketing mistakes and successes / 
Digital speckle pattern interferometry and related techniques / 
Industrial biofouling : detection, prevention, and control / 
Home mountains : reflections from a Western middle age / 
Ruin probabilities / 
Flow injection analysis : instrumentation and applications / 
Chemical biology : selected papers of H. Gobind Khorana (with introductions) / 
Shutterbabe : adventures in love and war / 
Learn XML tips / 
Big game of North America / 
Vintage Allis-Chalmers tractors : the ultimate tribute to Allis-Chalmers tractors / 
Looking beyond race : the life of Otis Milton Smith / 
Liar moon / 
Stanley Kubrick : interviews / 
Union County, Pennsylvania : a celebration of history / 
Resumes for business management careers / 
Careers for scholars & other deep thinkers / 
Oliver Stone : interviews / 
A practical study of argument / 
Einstein in love : a scientific romance / 
Slavery in the United States / 
Earvin "Magic" Johnson : champion and crusader / 
Slavery in ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia / 
Slavery in ancient Greece and Rome / 
The African slave trade / 
Child slavery in modern times / 
John Steinbeck, a writer's life / 
Mercury / 
Professional baking / 
Ramsey/Sleeper architectural graphics standards / 
Protein sequencing and identification using tandem mass spectrometry / 
Fraud 101 : techniques and strategies for detection / 
Measuring market risk with value at risk / 
Preparing for the retirement boom / 
Essentials of Rorschach assessment / 
Electrochemical methods : fundamentals and applications / 
Essentials of cross-battery assessment / 
Getting started in online day trading / 
Management of genetic syndromes / 
Essentials of cognitive assessment with KAIT and other Kaufman measures / 
Essentials of career interest assessment / 
High-flying adventures in the stock market / 
A child's California / 
Experiencing God's power today / 
Teamwork / 
Creative strategy in advertising / 
True beauty : the inside story : devotions for you and your friends / 
The encyclopedia of world sports / 
Necessary targets : a story of women and war : [a play] / 
Our town on the Plains : J.J. Pennell's photographs of Junction City, Kansas, 1893-1922 / 
Semiconductor devices : basic principles / 
Supervision for today's schools / 
Laughter : a scientific investigation / 
Nick plays baseball / 
On my way / 
Welcome to the river of grass / 
What do you know! / 
Hope was here / 
South Africa / 
Beyond the Spanish state : central government, domestic actors and the EU / 
Emotional life and the politics of welfare / 
The politics of the arts in Britain / 
Crime and coercion : an integrated theory of chronic criminality / 
Realizing human rights : moving from inspiration to impact / 
Gandhi's dilemma : nonviolent principles and nationalist power / 
Import propensities of industrialized countries : protectionism revealed / 
Continental divides : revisioning American literature / 
Bayes and Empirical Bayes methods for data analysis / 
First, you cry / 
Early Christian Latin poets / 
Kant, duty, and moral worth / 
Mapping cyberspace / 
Public private partnerships : theory and practice in international perspective / 
Stability and change in high-tech enterprises : organisational practices and routines / 
Environment and tourism / 
Environmental hazards : assessing risk and reducing disaster / 
Textual interaction : an introduction to written discourse analysis / 
Bedlam on the streets / 
Pamphlets of protest : an anthology of early African-American protest literature, 1790-1860 / 
Development of economic analysis / 
Environment and business / 
The archaeology of drylands : living at the margin / 
Ideologies of globalization : contending visions of a new world order / 
Discourse and discrimination : rhetorics of racism and antisemitism / 
Organizational studies / 
Organization and economic behavior / 
Deleuze and Guattari : critical assessments of leading philosophers / 
A history of the Spanish language through texts / 
Violence and American cinema / 
Mars unmasked : the changing face of urban operations / 
Civil society before democracy : lessons from nineteenth-century Europe / 
Deregulating telecommunications : 
Uniting Europe : European integration and the post-cold war world / 
Controversies in feminism / 
Gilded city : scandal and sensation in turn-of-the-century New York / 
Beautiful wasps having sex / 
Mom's marijuana : insights about living / 
America's struggle against poverty in the twentieth century / 
A jumpstart to literacy : using written conversation to help developing readers and writers / 
The American reader : words that moved a nation / 
Grasshopper : a novel / 
Playing YMCA baseball and softball, Bronze Edition / 
Coaching YMCA champions baseball and softball / 
Negotiating a good death : euthanasia in the Netherlands / 
South Africa's "Black" market : how to do business with Africans / 
Holy personal : looking for small private places of worship / 
The Pembroke Welsh Corgi : family friend and farmhand / 
The Soviet novel : history as ritual / 
Assessing financial vulnerability : an early warning system for emerging markets / 
The great arc : the dramatic tale of how India was mapped and Everest was named / 
The cultural creatives : how 50 million people are changing the world / 
Microsoft Outlook 2000 / 
Nude body nude / 
Coaching YMCA champions basketball / 
Playing YMCA baseball and softball, Silver Edition / 
Playing YMCA basketball, Bronze Edition / 
Playing YMCA soccer, gold edition / 
Playing YMCA baseball and softball, Gold Edition / 
The ants came marching... / 
Papermaking / 
Printing / 
YMCA fitness specialist training workbook / 
YMCA fitness testing and assessment manual / 
Earth in the balance : ecology and the human spirit / 
The political economy of the Asian financial crisis / 
Finance in brief : six key concepts for healthcare leaders / 
Avoiding the Apocalypse : the future of the two Koreas / 
The miniature pinscher : the reigning king of toys / 
Bolivia / 
Redefining family policy : implications for the 21st century / 
Social work theory and practice with the terminally ill / 
The century of the gene / 
The keys of Egypt : the obsession to decipher Egyptian hieroglyphs / 
Operations management for competitive advantage / 
Financial accounting / 
Selling : building partnerships / 
Fundamentals of agribusiness finance / 
The race trap : smart strategies for effective racial communication in business and in life / 
Developmental-systemic family therapy with adolescents / 
Faith, spirituality, and medicine : toward the making of the healing practitioner / 
A traveller's guide to D-Day and the Battle for Normandy / 
Oral drug absorption / 
Drug therapy in dermatology / 
Gene therapy : therapeutic mechanisms and strategies / 
Scarless wound healing / 
Swag / 
Snowflakes in photographs / 
The plague makers : the secret world of biological warfare / 
A cowboy named Ernestine / 
Mia Hamm / 
Tiger Woods / 
On black men / 
North America / 
The seven wonders of the modern world / 
The seven wonders of the ancient world / 
The seven wonders of the natural world / 
Latin America / 
Australia / 
Africa / 
The world in the time of Marie Antoinette / 
Introducing Mozart / 
The polar regions / 
China / 
Introducing Gershwin / 
Introducing Chopin / 
Introducing Vivaldi / 
Introducing Beethoven / 
The world in the time of Tutankhamun / 
India / 
Introducing Bach / 
Introducing Verdi / 
Introducing Stravinsky / 
The world in the time of Abraham Lincoln / 
Strike two / 
The love they lost : living with the legacy of our parents' divorce / 
An alchemist at heart / 
Not a day goes by : a novel / 
Did you hear that? : animals with super hearing / 
Footprints on the moon / 
Come out and play / 
Skittles bite size candies riddles math / 
The orca, admiral of the sea / 
The Apollo 13 misson / 
Lucretia Mott / 
Caesar Rodney : American patriot / 
John Jay : first chief justice of the Supreme Court / 
William Sherman / 
Walter Raleigh : English explorer and author / 
Harriet Beecher Stowe : author of Uncle Tom's Cabin / 
Ethan Allen : Revolutionary hero / 
James Oglethorpe : humanitarian and soldier / 
Francis Marion : the Swamp Fox / 
Jeff Burton / 
John Belushi / 
King George III : English monarch / 
Roger Williams : founder of Rhode Island / 
Robert E. Lee : confederate general / 
Harriet Tubman : Leader of the Underground Railroad / 
John Adams : second U.S. president / 
John Hancock : president of the Continental Congress / 
James Monroe : American statesman / 
Ulysses S. Grant : military leader and president / 
Frederick Douglass : abolitionist and author / 
Janis Joplin / 
Nathanael Greene : military leader / 
John Updike / 
John Winthrop : politician and statesman / 
Abraham Lincoln : Civil War president / 
Jonathan Edwards : colonial religious leader / 
John Peter Zenger : free press advocate / 
George Whitefield : clergyman and scholar / 
Sojourner Truth : abolitionist, suffragist, and preacher / 
Off road racing / 
Hot buttons : how to resolve conflict and cool everyone down / 
How to make money as an artist : the 7 winning strategies of successful fine artists / 
Movie wars : how Hollywood and the media conspire to limit what films we can see / 
Jin Woo / 
Mood indigo : a novel / 
The Dead Sea cipher / 
The Roper-Logan-Tierney model of nursing : based on activities of living / 
The ozone layer / 
Pool simplified, somewhat / 
The finite element method : linear static and dynamic finite element analysis / 
Loudoun County : blending tradition with innovation / 
The village that vanished / 
Lighthouse dog to the rescue / 
The adventures of Paddy the Beaver / 
Medieval costume, armour, and weapons / 
Gastroesophageal reflux disease / 
Improving test performance of students with disabilities-- on district and state assessments / 
Fundamentals of infinite dimensional representation theory / 
The room lit by roses : a journal of pregnancy and birth / 
I like being Catholic : treasured traditions, rituals, and stories / 
Thunder doesn't scare me! / 
Cat in the bag / 
Chilly Charlie / 
Dance, Annie / 
Complete hockey instruction : skills and strategies for coaches and players / 
Rebecca Lobo / 
Techniques in knee surgery / 
Assessment of oral health : diagnostic techniques and validation criteria / 
A little heaven below : worship at early Methodist quarterly meetings / 
Understanding SQL and Java together : a guide to SQLJ, JDBC, and related technologies / 
Spinning into control : news values and source strategies / 
Genetics : analysis of genes and genomes / 
The hills beyond / 
Questions and answers about clergy sexual misconduct / 
Judging appearances : a phenomenological study of the Kantian sensus communis / 
Without syllable or sound : the world's sacred scriptures in the Bahá'í faith / 
The complete book of woodcock hunting / 
Tarot companion : an essential reference guide / 
A pastor in every pew : equipping laity for pastoral care / 
Chaucer's England / 
Baby on the way / 
Sir Henry Morton Stanley, confederate / 
The mouse and his child / 
Contending for the faith / 
Sri Aurobindo Ghose : the dweller in the lands of silence / 
Rationality, rules, and structure / 
The theft / 
Remembering the boys : a collection of letters, a gathering of memories / 
Dr. Jensen's guide to natural weight control / 
Ascension now : implications of Christ's Ascension for today's church / 
The new politics of the budgetary process / 
Surgical anatomy of the head and neck / 
Advanced pathophysiology : application to clinical practice / 
Early love and brook trout / 
Civil trial practice : winning techniques of successful trial attorneys / 
Approximations to Luis Goytisolo's Antagonía / 
Coaching YMCA champions soccer / 
Playing YMCA basketball, silver edition / 
Playing YMCA basketball, Gold Edition / 
Playing YMCA soccer, Silver Edition / 
The Boston terrier / 
Pathology of genetically engineered mice / 
Elvis : word for word / 
Lab Coat Girl in My triple-decker hero / 
Into the cold fire / 
The night before Christmas / 
People & pearls : the magic endures / 
Vintage style : buying and wearing classic vintage clothes  / 
Air conditioning systems : principles, equipment, and service / 
Astronomy : a beginner's guide to the universe / 
Semiconductor physics and applications / 
Knowledge and its limits / 
Well suited : a history of the Leeds clothing industry, 1850-1990 / 
Early Greek mythography  / 
Stability in model populations / 
The chair of Saint Peter : a history of the Papacy / 
Dumbstruck : a cultural history of ventriloquism / 
The path of emancipation : talks from a 21-day mindfulness retreat / 
The neuropathology of schizophrenia : progress and interpretation / 
Electrical power and controls / 
Siren songs : representations of gender and sexuality in opera / 
Twentieth century painting and sculpture in the Philadelphia Museum of Art / 
How Murray saved Christmas / 
Wild in the city : a guide to Portland's natural areas / 
Introduction to biomedical equipment technology / 
The history of medications for women : materia medica woman / 
Holy Trinity, perfect community / 
Unplugging power struggles : resolving emotional battles with your kids ages 2 to 10 / 
Outlook 2000 in a nutshell : a power user's quick reference / 
A believer's guide to spiritual fitness : focus on His strength / 
What are they saying about theological reflection? / 
Business and information systems / 
Cold War civil rights : race and the image of American democracy / 
Slut! : growing up with a bad reputation / 
Women's dermatology : from infancy to maturity / 
Psychological statistics using SPSS for Windows / 
MacArthur strikes back : decision at Buna, New Guinea, 1942-1943 / 
Herbal bouquets / 
Shoemaker by Levy : the man who made an impact / 
Large scale interactive fuzzy multiobjective programming : decomposition approaches / 
Deterrence and nuclear proliferation in the twenty-first century / 
The majesty of Beaufort / 
In-line skating : check it out / 
Beethoven and his world / 
See you at the top / 
Exploring the "zone" / 
The travelling library : three poems / 
Choice and change : the psychology of personal growth and interpersonal relationships / 
Lydia Mendoza's life in music : norteño tejano legacies = La historia de Lydia Mendoza / 
The intellectual and social organization of the sciences / 
Philosophy of religion : a guide and anthology / 
Feminism and the body / 
A fabulous kingdom : the exploration of the Arctic / 
The lector : effective delivery of the Word / 
Twentieth century German philosophy / 
Psychology / 
Instant AutoCAD : essentials for AutoCAD 2000 / 
Writing your first play / 
The Visual Basic object and component handbook / 
Understanding weather and climate / 
MOUS essentials : Excel 2000 / 
Principles and practices of commercial construction / 
Rubberstamping for fun & profit / 
The Tay Bridge disaster and other poetic gems / 
West and Wood's introduction to foodservice / 
Foundation design : principles and practices / 
Introduction to college writing / 
Soft computing in information retrieval : techniques and applications / 
Fuzzy classifier design / 
Some life / 
Optimization, dynamics and economic analysis : essays in honor of Gustav Feichtinger / 
Thank you for the flowers : stories of suspense & imagination / 
A time to speak out : the Leipzig citizen protests and the fall of East Germany / 
Seeing ourselves : classic, contemporary, and cross-cultural readings in sociology / 
Sociology / 
Hamlet in his modern guises / 
Special functions : a unified theory based on singularities / 
War, hunger, and displacement : the origins of humanitarian emergencies / 
Movements in the city : conflict in the European metropolis / 
Letters from a wounded heart : reflections to strengthen and comfort your soul / 
365 tips for baby's first year / 
Pregnancy weight management : before, during, and after / 
A study guide to epidemiology and biostatistics / 
Light music in Britain since 1870 : a survey / 
A practical guide to Microsoft OLAP Server / 
Allergy free : and alternative medicine definitive guide / 
Rhode Island blues / 
The parenting encyclopedia / 
Making disciples : faith formation in the Wesleyan tradition / 
Redeeming memories : a theology of healing and transformation / 
The complete guide to training delivery : a competency-based approach / 
Sleep disorders : an alternative medicine definitive guide / 
A guide to appraisal valuation modeling / 
Australia / 
Dr. Seuss / 
Primary care for older people / 
Cause lawyering and the state in a global era / 
Feminism and film / 
A portrait of the artist as a young man / 
Occasional, critical, and political writing / 
Henry V, war criminal? : and other Shakespeare puzzles / 
The awakening, and other stories / 
Thinking about mathematics : the philosophy of mathematics / 
Explorations 2 : student book / 
Architect's legal handbook : the law for architects / 
Radiologic diagnosis of chest disease / 
Aspects of tectonic faulting : in honour of Georg Mandl / 
Security protocols : 7th international workshop, Cambridge, UK, April 19-21, 1999 : proceedings / 
Stellar physics / 
Manual on assisted reproduction / 
Passion, power & praise : a model for men's spirituality from the life of David / 
Kurt Warner / 
Take command, Captain Farragut! / 
Designing concurrent, distributed, and real-time applications with UML / 
Dirac operators in Riemannian geometry / 
The Java tutorial: short course on the basics / 
Truth & Bright Water / 
What are you like? / 
The beast God forgot to invent / 
Writing arguments : a rhetoric with readings / 
Helping children learn to read : creating a classroom literacy environment / 
Claiming the name : a theological and practical overview of confirmation / 
The complete handbook of business meetings / 
Understanding dyslexia and the reading process : a guide for educators and parents / 
Parallel robots / 
DNA methods in clinical microbiology / 
Democratic and capitalist transitions in Eastern Europe : lessons for the social sciences / 
New microbiotests for routine toxicity screening and biomonitoring / 
The partnership model in human services : sociological foundations and practices / 
Twentieth-century Western philosophny of religion, 1900-2000 / 
Oscillation theory for difference and functional differential equations / 
Computer-aided reasoning : an approach / 
Automated biometrics  : technologies and systems  / 
Complete poems / 
20th century pop culture / 
Indian philosophy : a collection of readings / 
The Library of Congress : a tour in words and pictures / 
Nine nights on the windy tree : a mystery / 
Science fiction, horror & fantasy film and television credits / 
Late sonnet harvest, 1988-2000 / 
Rhetoric, law, and the mystery of salvation in Romans 7:1-6 / 
The politics of accommodation and resistance in the Black church : a Gramscian analysis / 
Maggie's coral reef adventure / 
Designing secure web-based applications for Microsoft  Windows 2000 / 
The DialAmerica teleservices handbook : a guide to successful inbound and outbound telemarketing / 
On compiling an annotated bibliography / 
Re-membering libraries : essays on the profession / 
Learning to manage global environmental risks / 
Introduction to industrial organization / 
1,440 reasons to quit smoking : (one for every minute of the day) / 
Hornito : my lie life / 
The microeconomics of market failures / 
Architects of peace : visions of hope in words and images / 
Microsoft Windows at a glance : your fast-answers guide to Windows Me! / 
The race to the white continent / 
Song : poems / 
Spatial schemas and abstract thought / 
Sourcebook of the world's religions : an interfaith guide to religion and spirituality / 
Speaker's handbook of humor / 
Overcoming childhood trauma : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques / 
The young George Washington in psychobiographical perspective / 
Comparative anatomy of the vertebrates / 
Beyond Hegel and Nietzsche : philosophy, culture, and agency / 
Darkness in El Dorado : how scientists and journalists devastated the Amazon / 
Hypersonics before the shuttle : a concise history of the X-15 research airplane / 
Challenge to Apollo : the Soviet Union and the space race, 1945-1974 / 
Five loaves and two fish / 
Family life education : an introduction / 
Introduction to physical education, fitness, and sport / 
Thinking critically about ethical issues / 
The theory and practice of discourse parsing and summarization / 
Interdisciplinary instruction : a practical guide for elementary and middle school teachers / 
Leading the artful life : interiors designed with artistic intuition / 
Art from the parks / 
Phrasal movement and its kin / 
Too Smart Jones and the wilderness mystery / 
Classroom teaching skills / 
A dictionary of Albanian religion, mythology, and folk culture / 
Machine musicianship / 
The words of Gandhi / 
Nietzsche's mirror : the world as will to power / 
Evangelizing unchurched children : a pocketbook for catechists / 
Texas boys in gray / 
Tom Dodge talks about Texas : radio vignettes and other observations, 1989-1999 / 
Over 100 traits of truly horrible people : how to be a better person / 
Laura Blundy / 
Bonjour, Babar! : the six unabridged classics by the creator of Babar / 
Diggy Dan : a room-cleaning adventure / 
A new brain for Igor / 
Bible stories from the Old Testament / 
Arthur's first kiss / 
Wolfgang Puck's pizza, pasta and more! / 
Wind spell / 
The future of warfare : issues from the 1999 Army After Next study cycle / 
Scaffolding the new Web : standards and standards policy for the digital economy / 
Bump and run / 
Orthodox feasts of Jesus Christ & the Virgin Mary : liturgical texts with commentary / 
Igloo / 
Iran / 
Hong Kong / 
The land of China / 
The people of China / 
Wildlife of China / 
Little Bighorn Battlefield / 
Historic St. Augustine / 
Historic Philadelphia / 
Dirty birdy feet / 
An introduction to Wittgenstein's Tractatus / 
God and the soul / 
Science and method / 
The United States and the international criminal court : national security and international law / 
Decent people / 
Storm on the horizon : the challenge to American intervention, 1939-1941 / 
Shots in the dark : the policy, politics, and symbolism of gun control / 
The empirical and the transcendental : a fusion of horizons / 
Human rights and revolutions / 
America's Great War : World War I and the American experience / 
A nuclear strategy for India / 
Organizational behavior / 
The grieving teen : a guide for teenagers and their friends / 
Salt Lake 2002 : an official book of the Olympic Winter Games / 
Second wind : variations on a theme of growing older / 
Gay stars : the ultimate gay guy's guide to astrology / 
P.E.A.C.E. / 
Where I'm bound : a novel / 
Digital filters : basics and design / 
Omitted variable tests and dynamic specification : an application to demand homogeneity / 
Optimization and chaos : with 13 figures / 
Real-time analysis of biomolecular interactions : applications of BIACORE / 
Econometric analysis of count data / 
Norma Fox Mazer : a writer's world / 
The unbroken circle : tradition and innovation in the music of Ry Cooder and Taj Mahal / 
Recommended books in Spanish for children and young adults, 1996 through 1999 / 
Historical dictionary of Kierkegaard's philosophy / 
The success and failure of Fredric Jameson : writing, the sublime, and the dialectic of critique / 
Ross for boss : the Perot phenomenon and beyond / 
Shakespeare's political realism : the English history plays / 
Beautiful chaos : chaos theory and metachaotics in recent American fiction / 
Bede Griffiths : a life in dialogue / 
Rescuing Haya : confessions of an eighth generation Israeli emigrant / 
End of story : toward an annihilation of language and history / 
The case of the minimum wage : competing policy models / 
No miracles here : fighting urban decline in Japan and the United States / 
Visions of STS : counterpoints in science, technology, and society studies / 
Risk management & insurance / 
Essentials of business communication / 
Strategic management : competitiveness and globalization  / 
Supervision : concepts and practices of management / 
Practical investment management / 
Iranian cities : formation and development / 
The genesis of young Ottoman thought : a study in the modernization of Turkish political ideas / 
Placing autobiography in geography / 
Life beyond earth / 
From Lexington to Desert Storm and beyond : war and politics in the American experience / 
Life and letters of General W.H.L. Wallace / 
Dario Fo : stage, text, and tradition / 
Narrow road to the interior and other writings / 
Rising stars and Ozark constellations / 
A pocket retreat for Catholics : thirty steps to holiness--in just ten minutes a day! / 
Green tea : antioxidants in a cup / 
Easy breathing : natural treatments for asthma, colds, flu, coughs, allergies, sinusitis / 
Healthy heart : strengthen your cardiovascular system / 
Making herbal hand creams and salves / 
Follow the polar bears / 
Trust-region methods / 
Introduction to plant biotechnology / 
House of windows : portraits from a Jerusalem neighborhood / 
La Pointe : village outpost on Madeline Island / 
Organizational behavior and change : managing diversity, cross-cultural dynamics, and ethics / 
The skin and gene therapy / 
Nasal and sinus surgery / 
Surgical decision making / 
Neuro-ophthalmology : diagnosis and management / 
Advanced nursing practice : an integrative approach / 
Surgeon's guide to staging, grading & classifications / 
Budgeting concepts for nurse managers / 
Epidemiology / 
Pediatrics : a problem-based review / 
Ear, nose, and throat disorders in primary care / 
Transfontanellar Doppler imaging in neonates / 
Satellite orbits : models, methods, and applications / 
The Iceman and his natural environment : palaeobotanical results / 
Foundations of quantization for probability distributions / 
Invariant factors, Julia equivalences, and the (abstract) Mandelbrot set / 
Shape memory implants / 
Photonics : linear and nonlinear interactions of laser light and matter / 
Immobilized cells / 
Handbook of advanced plasma processing techniques / 
Bone cements : up-to-date comparison of physical and chemical properties of commercial materials / 
The physics of atoms and quanta : introduction to experiments and theory / 
Impact stratigraphy : the Italian record / 
Quilts : central extensions, braid actions, and finite groups / 
Atom, molecule, and cluster beams / 
The solar system / 
On the wing : American birds in migration / 
Harry the poisonous centipede's big adventure : another story to make you squirm / 
Missouri school days / 
Prairie school : story / 
Monkey King / 
Adolescence and myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome : journeys with the dragon / 
Our daughters' health : practical and invaluable advice for raising confident girls ages 6 to 16 / 
Secret sacrament / 
The strength within : find your life anchors and cultivate habits of wholeness, hope, and joy / 
Line of sight : a novel / 
Getting home before dark : stories of wisdom for all ages / 
Heroes of the Revolution / 
The Moffat museum / 
Relationship rescue : a seven-step strategy for reconnecting with your partner / 
Nicotine addiction among adolescents / 
CliffsNotes Jacobs' Incidents in the life of a slave girl / 
Latino poverty in the new century : inequalities, challenges, and barriers / 
Perspectives in control engineering : technologies, applications, and new directions / 
Rx sex : making love is the best medicine / 
Family-centered services in residential treatment : new approaches for group care / 
Conversation / 
Playing YMCA soccer, Bronze Edition / 
Griots at war : conflict, conciliation, and caste in Mande / 
Readings in modern philosophy / 
CliffsNotes Lipsyte's the contender / 
CliffsNotes Shaara's The killer angels / 
White fire / 
Climbing high : a woman's account of surviving the Everest tragedy / 
When John & Caroline lived in the White House / 
African philosophy as cultural inquiry / 
Truth & lies : an anthology of poems / 
Funny Boy takes on the chitchatting cheeses from Chattanooga / 
The Circus Lunicus / 
Shopgirl / 
Extra innings / 
Changing perspectives on international education / 
Yellow lies / 
The stage directions guide to Shakespeare / 
The AIDS movie : representing a pandemic in film and television / 
Human services online : a new arena for service delivery / 
Guide to the use of tables and formulas in Machinery's handbook, 26th edition / 
Health care in the Black community : empowerment, knowledge, skills, and collectivism / 
The alchemist's handbook / 
Menopause without medicine / 
CNC for industry  / 
The Bernese mountain dog / 
NASCAR generations : the legacy of family in NASCAR racing / 
Papier mâché / 
Clay modeling / 
September morning / 
The art of deception / 
Traitors among us : inside the spy catcher's world / 
Frameworks for sport psychologists : enhancing sport performance / 
Kinesin protocols / 
The honey thief / 
Virtuosi : a defense and a (sometimes erotic) celebration of great pianists / 
The kings & queens of England / 
Surviving Hitler : a boy in the Nazi death camps / 
Every time a rainbow dies / 
Invisible kingdoms : Jewish tales of angels, spirits, and demons / 
Mississippi / 
The gadget / 
Rufus M. / 
Trees of Indiana / 
The other Husserl : the horizons of transcendental phenomenology / 
Village mothers : three generations of change in Russia and Tataria / 
In the footsteps of Orpheus : the life and times of Miklós Radnóti / 
America, its Jews, and the rise of Nazism / 
Capillary electrophoresis of nucleic acids / 
Alcohol / 
The means of escape / 
Into the tangle of friendship : a memoir of the things that matter / 
The blood runs like a river through my dreams : a memoir / 
The sugar island / 
Encyclopedic dictionary of AIDS-related terminology / 
Leading the revolution / 
The gentleman from New York : Daniel Patrick Moynihan : a biography / 
Electromagnetic simulation using the FDTD method / 
Parenting through crisis : helping kids in times of loss, grief, and change / 
Atherosclerosis : experimental methods and protocols / 
Practical differential diagnosis in surgical neuropathology / 
Heavenly miracles : magical true stories of guardian angels and answered prayers / 
Money for life : the 20 factor plan for accumulating wealth while you're young / 
Postville : a clash of cultures in heartland America / 
Sharing America's neighborhoods : the prospects for stable racial integration / 
Hearing things : religion, illusion, and the American enlightenment / 
Goodnight Piggywiggy / 
Model-based decision support methodology with environmental applications / 
Non-parametric statistical diagnosis : problems and methods / 
Fieldwork in geography : reflections, perspectives and actions / 
Exciting the industry of mankind : George Berkeley's philosophy of money / 
Rights and reason : essays in honor of Carl Wellman / 
Progress in optimization : contributions from Australasia / 
Quasidifferentiability and related topics / 
New learning / 
Radio astronomy at long wavelengths / 
Shakespeare's military language : a dictionary / 
Altar guild and sacristy handbook / 
Freud and Nietzsche / 
Introducing planning / 
Destroying the other's collective memory / 
American democracy in Africa in the twenty-first century? / 
Hazard communication made easy : a checklist approach to OSHA compliance / 
Standard practice for direct design of buried precast concrete box sections / 
Oncology diet & nutrition : patient education resource manual / 
Public relations for pharmacists / 
Ornaments : creating handmade tree decorations / 
Working with high-conflict families of divorce : a guide for professionals / 
Transforming aggression : psychotherapy with the difficult-to-treat patient / 
Kabbalistic writings on the nature of masculine & feminine / 
Introduction to chemical dependency counseling / 
Therapeutic strategies for treating addiction : from slavery to freedom / 
Kabbalah and alchemy : an essay on common archetypes / 
Tolerance, dissent, and democracy : philosophical, historical, and Halakhic perspectives / 
A woman's voice : biblical women-- divine wisdom transformed into action for today's woman / 
Holidays, history, and halakhah / 
The joy of art / a creative guide for beginning painters / 
Romanesque and gothic France : architecture and sculpture / 
Families in the new millennium / 
Teaching tips for college and university instructors : a practical guide / 
The crit : an architecture student's handbook / 
Devolving identities : feminist readings in home and belonging / 
Early Islamic art and architecture / 
How to stop time : heroin from A to Z / 
Penitence in the age of Reformations / 
Anglo-American attitudes : from revolution to partnership / 
Primer of psychotherapy ; a developmental perspective / 
Nature's open secret : introductions to Goethe's scientific works / 
W.M. Thackeray and the mediated text : writing for periodicals in the mid-nineteenth century / 
Governing cultures : art institutions in Victorian London / 
Grandma Moses in the 21st century / 
Out of the girls' room and into the night / 
Literature, class, and culture : an anthology / 
Graphic design & reading : explorations of an uneasy relationship / 
HALT, HASS, and HASA explained : accelerated reliability techniques / 
Pieced or appliquéd flowers : from the AQS contest Flowers on parade / 
A guide to software package evaluation & selection : the R²ISC method / 
Constructive, experimental, and nonlinear analysis / 
e-Video : producing Internet video as broadband technologies converge / 
The engineering of software : technical foundations for the individual / 
Ashgate handbook of cardiovascular agents / 
Ashgate handbook of autonomic nervous system agents / 
Korean War Memorial : historic landmarks / 
Wonders of China / 
The provinces & cities of China / 
The Habsburg monarchy : from enlightenment to eclipse / 
The inner kingdom / 
Crucial choices-crucial changes : the resurrection of psychotherapy / 
Motiba's tattoos : a granddaughter's journey into her Indian family's past / 
Images of color, images of crime : readings / 
Gender inequality : feminist theories and politics / 
The American dictionary of criminal justice : key terms and major court cases / 
The color of death / 
A murder of honor / 
Three complete novels / 
An empire of women / 
The hero of Ticonderoga / 
Celebrations of the heart / 
Handbook of supply chain management / 
Variational principles and distributed circuits / 
Watchman prayer / 
The end of fashion : how marketing changed the clothing business forever / 
The witch's magical handbook / 
The Ojibwa / 
Russia / 
Cosmetic surgery : the cutting edge of commercial medicine in America / 
Bohemians : the glamorous outcasts / 
Quotations for public speakers : a historical, literary, and political anthology / 
Labor's text : the worker in American fiction / 
Mothers and children : feminist analyses and personal narratives / 
Good sex : feminist perspectives from the world's religions / 
The architecture of Bergen County, New Jersey : the colonial period to the twentieth century / 
The actor's art : conversations with contemporary American stage performers / 
Smoking and pregnancy : the politics of fetal protection / 
Women and borderline personality disorder : symptoms and stories / 
The uncommon vision of Sergei Konenkov, 1874-1971 : a Russian sculptor and his times / 
Women and welfare : theory and practice in the United States and Europe / 
Headline Hollywood : a century of film scandal / 
Major account sales strategies : breaking the six-figure barrier in consultive selling / 
Taste of Laos : Lao/Thai recipes from Dara Restaurant / 
China chic / 
Night crawlers / 
Battle of the beasts / 
A handful of sunshine / 
Little Mouse has a party / 
Little Mouse has a friend / 
Little robots / 
Way out West-- with a baby! / 
All about soccer / 
The complete snowboarder / 
Limp Bizkit / 
Transforming British government / 
The dynamics of adoption / 
Isaiah : a Logion Press commentary / 
Kinematics and design of planar mechanisms / 
Kinematics of spherical mechanisms / 
Roman law in mediæval Europe / 
Practitioner's guide to empirically based measures of depression / 
1 Corinthians / 
Reinsurance administration / 
Rewriting North American borders in Chicano and Chicana narrative / 
Empire in decline : Fritz Mauthner's critique of Wilhelminian Germany / 
Raising capital : get the money you need to grow your business / 
The Longman anthology of drama and theater : a global perspective / 
L'archéologie du monde : constitution de l'espace, idéalisme et intuitionnisme chez Husserl / 
Toward sustainable development : an ecological economics approach / 
The Gospel with extra salt : friends of Tony Campolo celebrate his passions for ministry / 
Multicultural education in the twenty-first century / 
The Middle East in the new millennium : economic development & business law / 
The craft of argument / 
Compassionate souls : raising the next generation to change the world / 
Dyslexia : from theory to intervention / 
Comparative income tax deferral : the United States and Japan / 
Banks in distress : lessons from the American experience of the 1980s / 
Vegetarianism for teens / 
Medical-surgical nursing / 
Acts of alignment : of women in math and science and all of us who search for balance / 
Stochastic processes : inference theory / 
Russia's agro-food sector : towards truly functioning markets / 
An introduction to fussy logic applications / 
The re-enchantment of political science : Christian scholars engage their discipline / 
Many-particle physics / 
Abstract convexity and global optimization / 
The name jar / 
Practical atlas for bacterial identification / 
Radiobiology for the radiologist / 
American sea writing : a literary anthology / 
Abstinence : postponing sexual involvement / 
Magnets for health : a practical guide / 
Free men all : the personal liberty laws of the North, 1780-1861 / 
Import tariffs as environmental policy instruments / 
Healthy eating for weight management / 
Political modernisation and the environment : the renewal of environmental policy arrangements / 
Etcetera : the unpublished poems / 
22 and 50 poems / 
An introduction to NURBS : with historical perspective / 
Mediation in context / 
Domestic violence : guidelines for research-informed practice / 
Paideia : philosophy/phenomenology of life inspiring education of our times / 
The external economic dimension of the European Union / 
Judicial review in European Union law / 
The complete OSEP handbook / 
What you really need to know about irritable bowel syndrome / 
Thermodynamics and ecological modelling / 
Regulatory politics in transition / 
Environmental law / 
Children's health / 
GABA in the nervous system : the view at fifty years / 
Kick ass success : how to achieve it / 
Resist the powers with Jacques Ellul / 
Administrative office management : an introduction / 
The legal environment of business / 
The Bible as book : the Reformation / 
The American presidency and the social agenda / 
How to choose your next employer / 
FE review manual : rapid preparation for the General fundamentals of engineering exam / 
What they didn't teach you about the wild West / 
Shakespeare's brain : reading with cognitive theory / 
Writing your own plays : creating, adapting, improvising / 
The bloody forest: battle for the Huertgen, September 1944-January 1945 / 
Felicia Hemans : selected poems, letters, reception materials / 
Advances in public economics / 
The interracial experience : growing up black/white racially mixed in the United States / 
Eli's night-light / 
Mardi Gras treasures : invitations of the Golden Age / 
Lucky O'Leprechaun comes to America / 
Narrow escapes : a boy's Holocaust memories and their legacy / 
The Pantanal : understanding and preserving the world's largest wetland / 
Full nova / 
The million dollar hole / 
A dragon in the sky : the story of a green darner dragonfly / 
Cloth modeling and animation / 
What was cooking in Mary Todd Lincoln's White House? / 
An online visit to Antarctica / 
What people wore during the westward expansion / 
What people wore during the American Revolution / 
The Sahara desert : the biggest desert / 
The Grand Canyon : the widest canyon / 
The Pacific Ocean : the largest ocean / 
What was cooking in Martha Jefferson's White House? / 
What was cooking in Martha Washington's presidential mansions? / 
An online visit to Europe / 
Vinegar Joe's war : Stilwell's campaigns for Burma / 
Clausewitz and chaos : friction in war and military policy / 
Washing my hands / 
An online visit to North America / 
Let's exercise / 
Construction methods and management / 
A framework for marketing management / 
21st century manufacturing / 
Basic real estate appraisal / 
Introduction to PowerPoint / 
The journey home / 
Petroleum refinery process economics / 
Prescription for herbal healing / 
Slouching towards Bethlehem ... / 
Fashion rendering with color / 
Introduction to the Internet / 
David Boring / 
Soils and foundations / 
The Visual Basic style guide / 
The slaveholding republic : an account of the United States government's relations to slavery / 
Sociology of religion : a reader / 
Commercial real estate analysis and investments / 
The triumph of the soul : cultural and psychological aspects of African American music / 
In the beginning : an introduction to archaeology / 
Patrick Kennedy : the rise to power / 
Sense and non-sense : American culture and politics / 
Procedures in the justice system / 
Hotel & motel loss prevention : a management perspective / 
A short history of the Jewish people : from legendary times to modern statehood / 
The raft of Odysseus : the ethnographic imagination of Homer's Odyssey / 
Dubliners / 
Sympathetic vibrations : a guide for private music teachers / 
Emotional and behavioral problems in the classroom : a memoir / 
Multicultural perspectives in criminal justice and criminology / 
Ralph 124C 41+ : a romance of the year 2660 / 
Voices of a people : the story of Yiddish folksong / 
Tales and sketches / 
A world to win / 
Local laws affecting county commissioners in Georgia : a legal reference / 
Words on words : quotations about language and languages / 
Threads of life : autobiography and the will / 
Secret understandings : a novel / 
Symbolizing the past : reading Sankofa, Daughters of the Dust, & Eve's Bayou as histories / 
Shy Mama's Halloween / 
Dendrobium and its relatives / 
The years of Bloom : James Joyce in Trieste, 1904-1920 / 
The body aesthetic : from fine art to body modification / 
Collapse : when buildings fall down / 
E-Business and ERP : transforming the enterprise / 
The way of adventure : transforming your life and work with spirit and vision / 
The global resume and CV guide / 
AntiPatterns in project management / 
Digital marketing : global strategies from the world's leading experts / 
Introduction to statistical quality control / 
Sales and operations for your small business / 
Budgeting : technology, trends, software selection, and implementation / 
Converged networks and services : Internetworking IP and the PSTN / 
Engineering statistics / 
States' rights and the union : imperium in imperio, 1776-1876 / 
Paul McCartney : I saw him standing there / 
The secret of Wigglesworth's power / 
Reading Inca history / 
Troublemakers / 
Performing history : theatrical representations of the past in contemporary theatre / 
Gendered compromises : political cultures and the state in Chile, 1920-1950 / 
From the barrel of a gun : the United States and the war against Zimbabwe, 1965-1980 / 
Tender violence : domestic visions in an age of U.S. imperialism / 
Bikram's beginning yoga class / 
Sinus survival : the holistic medical treatment for sinusitis, allergies, and colds / 
Finishing : methods of work / 
Graphic guide to frame construction : details for builders and designers / 
Rehearsing the revolution : radical performance, radical politics in the English Restoration / 
Not so funny when it happened : the best of travel humor and misadventure / 
Golf, as it was meant to be played : a celebration of Donald Ross's vision of the game / 
A guide to plant poisoning of animals in North America / 
The church on the other side : doing ministry in the postmodern matrix / 
Telling the truth : evangelizing postmoderns / 
Christ-centered therapy : the practical integration of theology and psychology / 
Eli : a novel / 
Charts of the Gospels and the life of Christ / 
The way of wisdom : essays in honor of Bruce K. Waltke / 
Crimson skies / 
Resumes for first-time job hunters / 
Opportunities in performing arts careers / 
Opportunities in architecture careers / 
Opportunities in hotel and motel careers / 
Opportunities in publishing careers / 
Opportunities in dental care careers / 
Statistics : principles and methods / 
Microwave and RF wireless systems / 
Trading with crowd psychology / 
Handbook of the psychology of women and gender/ 
Fundamentals of momentum, heat, and mass transfer / 
Breast cancer : the complete guide / 
One more river to cross / 
Atlanta : race, class, and urban expansion / 
The disability rights movement : from charity to confrontation / 
Extradition, politics, and human rights / 
Kitchen culture in America : popular representations of food, gender, and race / 
Early modern visual culture : representation, race, empire in Renaissance England / 
Jesus in the Gospels : man, myth, or God / 
Paideia agonistes : the lost soul of modern education / 
Canadian River hunt / 
A little bit of wisdom : conversations with a Nez Perce elder / 
Native North America / 
Search for the Native American purebloods / 
Mexican suite : a history of photography in Mexico / 
Chinese myths / 
Turn out the lights : chronicles of Texas in the 80's and 90's / 
The great wounded bird / 
One hundred one upward glances : watching for God's touch in the ordinary days / 
The economic development of modern China / 
Principles and practice of sex therapy / 
Mamma used to say : pearls of wisdom from the world of Yiddish / 
Crop responses and adaptations to temperature stress / 
Fundamentals of electromagnetic phenomena / 
An introduction to general chemistry : connecting chemistry to your life / 
8th World Salt Symposium / 
Fly-fishing made easy : a manual for beginners with tips for the experienced / 
Modern architecture in Czechoslovakia and other writings / 
Fundamentals of wearable computers and augumented reality / 
The piety of John Witherspoon : pew, pulpit, and public forum / 
Come worship with me : a journey through the church year / 
Resources for people with disabilities : a national directory / 
On a dark night I left my silent house / 
Belize : the Bradt travel guide / 
Ancient Egyptian civilization / 
Shakespeare for children : the story of Romeo and Juliet / 
Post-dykes to watch out for / 
Electronic media criticism : applied perspectives / 
Who cloned the President? / 
Lee Kuan Yew : the beliefs behind the man / 
The land / 
Your name here : poems / 
American slavery / 
Timelines on file / 
Going global : the transnational reception of Third World women writers / 
Pericles : critical essays / 
True tales of the Civil War : a treasury of unusual stories during America's most turbulent era / 
Doña Inés vs. oblivion : a novel / 
Inventing the child : culture, ideology, and the story of childhood / 
Eight Eurocentric historians / 
The Greek Isles / 
Making of the earth : geologic forces that shape our planet / 
Careers in focus : 
The mighty acts of God / 
Peoples, cultures, and nations in political philosophy / 
The political and economic transition in East Asia : strong market, weakening state / 
Free & inexpensive career materials : 
The Navarre Bible in the Revised Standard Version with a commentary / 
Voices of conflict : desegregating South African universities / 
The encyclopedia of depression / 
Culturally diverse children and adolescents : assessment, diagnosis, and treatment  / 
Vascular dementia / 
Japan's emergence as a global power / 
Plant growth regulators in agriculture and horticulture : their role and commercial uses / 
Eight great American rail journeys : a travel guide / 
Botanica's roses : over 1,000 pages & over 2,000 roses listed / 
Interacting with audiences : social influences on the production of scientific writing / 
The ABC Bible storybook / 
Time out for holiness at work / 
The vampire encyclopedia / 
Representing parents in child welfare cases : a basic introduction for attorneys / 
John Glenn : astronaut and U.S. senator / 
Game theory and international environmental cooperation / 
Women on the row : revelations from both sides of the bars / 
Just/in time / 
Beyond the vision / 
Greek ways : how the Greeks created western civilization / 
Roll of thunder, hear my cry / 
Identification and determination of impurities in drugs / 
The Jesuit Ratio studiorum : 400th anniversary perspectives / 
School leadership in times of urban reform / 
Powerless by design : the age of the international community / 
Cognition, communication, and romantic relationships / 
Fishing Georgia / 
Oregon nature weekends / 
Contract negotiation handbook / 
Careers in focus. 
The top 100. 
Careers in focus. 
Careers in focus. 
Successfully integrating two businesses / 
Profiting from multiple intelligences in the workplace / 
Behavioral genetics / 
Reconstructing communicating : looking to a future / 
Comparative religions on file / 
Policy measures for low-wage employment in Europe / 
Sasha's matrioshka dolls / 
Pickford, the woman who made Hollywood / 
Burn this house : the making and unmaking of Yugoslavia / 
The Civil War--the North / 
On second language writing / 
Edwina Parkhurst, spinster / 
Escape to Provence / 
Rotten Ralph helps out / 
Mapping wildfire hazards and risks / 
Control systems for live entertainment / 
Advanced techniques for digital receivers / 
Preparing and delivering effective technical presentations / 
A home by the sea / 
The what's happening to my body? book for girls : a  growing-up guide for parents and daughters / 
Crafts to celebrate God's creation / 
A manual of mammalogy : with keys to families of the world / 
Scar culture / 
Building solutions in child protective services / 
Calhoun's philosophy of politics : a study of A disquisition on government / 
The fabulous life of Diego Rivera / 
52 romantic evenings-- to spice up your love life / 
The West in the world : a mid-length narrative history / 
Astronomy : journey to the cosmic frontier / 
Tips and traps when building your home / 
Reaching for air / 
Creative expression and play in early childhood / 
Cultural foundations of education / 
Teaching children to write : theory into practice / 
Problematic behaviors during adolescence / 
How to change your name in California / 
Day stripper / 
Video production : disciplines and techniques / 
De viva voz! : intermediate conversation and grammar review / 
Inside star vision : planetary awakening and self-transformation / 
Learning to teach / 
For the love of God : the faith and future of the American nun / 
Using the Internet, online services, and CD-ROMs for writing research and term papers / 
What's your baby's name? : a book to help you name your baby / 
Mountain bike! southern Utah : a guide to the classic trails / 
Backpacking : essential skills to advanced techniques / 
Visual attention and cortical circuits / 
The gender and consumer culture reader / 
Dennett's philosophy : a comprehensive assessment / 
Better eyesight : the complete magazines of William H. Bates / 
The ultimate athlete / 
William Penn, James Madison, and the historical crisis in American federalism / 
French words : past, present, and future / 
Joshua Barney : hero of the Revolution and 1812 / 
100 years of semi trucks / 
Business process management : models, techniques, and empirical studies / 
Reference materials in analytical chemistry : a guide for selection and use / 
Fibre optic communication devices / 
Calcium homeostasis / 
Raman scattering in materials science / 
User manual for the interactive geometry software Cinderella / 
Evolution as computation : DIMACS workshop, Princeton, January 1999 / 
The inferior olivary complex / 
Precision motion control : design and implementation / 
From Goat Hill to city of the arts : the history of Costa Mesa / 
The gift of language : memory and promise in Adorno, Benjamin, Heidegger, and Rosenzweig / 
TV creators : conversations with America's top producers of television drama / 
Cheng-Zhu confucianism in the early Qing : Li Guangdi (1642-1718) and Qing learning / 
Men of uncertainty : the social organization of day laborers in contemporary Japan / 
Micro-endoscopic surgery of the paranasal sinuses and the skull base / 
Viscoelastics in ophthalmic surgery / 
Nitric oxide in the eye / 
Testis, epididymis, and technologies in the year 2000 / 
Clinical acupuncture : scientific basis / 
Chinese collaboration with Japan, 1932-1945 : the limits of accommodation / 
Singular continuities : tradition, nostalgia, and identity in modern British culture / 
Continuity and change in House elections / 
Sea kayaking / 
Photographer's guide to the Grand Canyon and northern Arizona / 
Log homes made easy : contracting and building your own log home  / 
Ephrata Cloister : Pennsylvania trail of history guide / 
Melt & mold soap crafting / 
Scuba diving / 
The Supreme Court / 
Congress / 
Your right to vote / 
Masonry wall construction / 
Spon's Middle East construction costs handbook / 
Spon's African construction costs handbook / 
Spon's Latin America construction costs handbook / 
Utopian England : community experiments, 1900-1945 / 
A contextualistic worldview : essays / 
I-writing : the politics and practice of teaching first-person writing / 
The bitch is back : wicked women in literature / 
Girls know best 3 : your words, your world / 
Exploring the oceans / 
The environment / 
Discovering the universe / 
The world of computers and communications / 
The Egyptian news / 
The Greek news / 
The Roman news / 
The wonder of butterflies / 
The wonder of manatees / 
The wonder of owls / 
The wonder of sharks / 
The wonder of bats / 
The wonder of beavers / 
Murder, she wrote : a little Yuletide murder / 
Alice's awakening / 
Animal blessings : prayers and poems celebrating our pets / 
More than meets the eye : how relationships enhance literacy learning / 
CliffsNotes Rand's Anthem / 
Welding : a management primer & employee training guide / 
Anatomy of a murder / 
Early Christianity and its sacred literature / 
Trail of the hunter / 
The Oxbow deed / 
Shadows of regret / 
Forbidden love / 
The Kingowan affair / 
The Vikings / 
One Palestine, complete : Jews and Arabs under the Mandate / 
Redefining staff development : a collaborative model for teachers and administrators / 
The heart of the matter : using standards and assessment to learn / 
Treatise on law / 
One last hug before I go : the mystery and meaning of deathbed visions / 
The seventh million : the Israelis and the Holocaust / 
The treatment of schizophrenia : status and emerging trends / 
To reveal our hearts : Jewish women writers in Tsarist Russia / 
Developing fine and gross motor skills : birth to three / 
CliffsNotes Rand's Atlas shrugged / 
Explorations : la littérature du monde français / 
Can archaeology prove the New Testament? / 
Real lives : art teachers and the cultures of school / 
A cup of hope / 
What really happens when you die? / 
Step by step to stand-up comedy / 
Revolution in time : clocks and the making of the modern world / 
The Psalms : an artist's impression / 
Home health practice : a guide for the occupational therapist / 
Jumps, etc. : jumps, dressage arenas, and stable equipment you can build / 
Chernobyl record : the definitive history of the Chernobyl catastrophe / 
Media and culture in Singapore : a theory of controlled commodification / 
The Eastern Caribbean Currency Union--institutions, performance, and policy issues / 
Plastics and coatings : durability, stabilization, testing / 
SPC : statistical process control in injection molding and extrusion / 
National certification in plastics study guide / 
My life without God / 
The LCSH century : one hundred years with the Library of Congress subject headings system / 
Dreamweaver 3 bible / 
Choosing a standards-based mathematics curriculum / 
What I heard in the silence : role reversal, trauma, and creativity in the lives of women / 
Planting the future : saving our medicinal herbs / 
Walking the world in wonder : a children's herbal / 
Preventing and reversing arthritis naturally : the untold story / 
God's whisper in a mother's chaos : bringing peace home / 
Bewildered in Berlin / 
A long obedience in the same direction : discipleship in an instant society / 
The promise of heaven : discovering our eternal home / 
Before their time : lessons in living from those born too soon / 
Angel visions : true stories of people who have seen angels, and how you can see angels, too! / 
Men are from Israel, women are from Moab : insights about the sexes from the book of Ruth / 
Help me believe : direct answerts to real questions / 
The wedge of truth : splitting the foundations of naturalism / 
A caregiver's survival guide : how to stay healthy when your loved one is sick / 
The ancient Celtic festivals and how we celebrate them today / 
Blood and guile / 
Weaving the Web : the original design and ultimate destiny of the World Wide Web by its inventor / 
A thin cosmic rain : particles from outer space / 
Gallows ghost / 
Defensive football strategies / 
Mrs. Jeffries reveals her art / 
Celebrate the third millennium : facing the future with hope / 
The plague and I / 
The sacred shore / 
Vascular disease and injury : preclinical research / 
Family practice obstetrics / 
Splish, splash, spring / 
Under New York / 
President George Washington / 
Anansi and the magic stick / 
Captain Invincible and the space shapes / 
King of the castle / 
After the music / 
Elegant weddings / 
Courtyard gardens / 
Chronicles of Chrestomanci / 
The story of chopsticks / 
The multi-orgasmic couple : sexual secrets every couple should know / 
Animals to the rescue! : true stories of animal heroes / 
Meditations for living in balance : daily solutions for people who do too much / 
Declaratory judgments / 
American project : the rise and fall of a modern ghetto / 
Astrology through a psychic's eyes / 
Cardinal rules of legal interpretation / 
The latchkey dog : how the way you live shapes the behavior of the dog you love / 
Pasta for all seasons : 125 vegetarian pasta recipes for family and friends / 
The dramatic art of Athol Fugard : from South Africa to the world / 
Agenda for development : the future for Third World Christian publishing / 
Democratic electioneering in Southern Africa : the contrasting cases of Botswana and Zimbabwe / 
The Indiana University School of Music : a history / 
Are chickens stripy? / 
Katie Brown entertains : 16 menus, 16 occasions, 16 tables / 
Director 8 and Lingo bible / 
Adapted physical education and sport / 
Make believe / 
Burnt sienna / 
The red and the green / 
The cowboy / 
Ragged rainbows / 
Shadow chasing / 
Forever my love / 
The good, the bad, and the beautiful : discourse about values in Yoruba culture / 
Indiana Blacks in the twentieth century / 
The Lake Shore Electric Railway story / 
Private charity and public inquiry : a history of the Filer and Peterson commissions / 
Other traditions / 
Sensible mathematics : a guide for school leaders / 
Easy prey / 
SV40 protocols / 
Environmental health secrets / 
USMLE step 2 secrets / 
Dermatology secrets in color / 
Don't sweat the small stuff for teens : simple ways to keep your cool in stressful times / 
A goose in Toulouse : and other culinary adventures in France / 
What every middle school teacher should know / 
Transforming foreign aid : United States assistance in the 21st century / 
Solid phase processing of polymers / 
Professional chaplaincy : what is happening to it during health care reform? / 
Ed Ruscha / 
Exchange rate regimes for emerging markets : reviving the intermediate option / 
Beginner's Irish / 
Spanish first names / 
The varieties of musicology : essays in honor of Murray Lefkowitz / 
Extreme value distributions : theory and applications / 
The WTO after Seattle / 
Critical essays on Roland Barthes / 
Human blood cells : consequences of genetic polymorphisms and variations / 
Congenital heart malformations in mammals : an illustrated text / 
Creating cool HTML 4 web pages / 
The perfectly horrible Halloween / 
Russell sprouts / 
Tears of the moon / 
Beyond the successful veterinary practice : succession planning & other legal issues / 
Nightshade / 
For all my tomorrows / 
Bronze mystique / 
Star of danger / 
Political science and comparative constitutional law / 
My dog, Cat / 
Slaves on screen : film and historical vision / 
CliffsNotes Hinton's The outsiders / 
United Nations sanctions management : a case study of the Iraq Sanctions Committee, 1990-1994 / 
Easy pickin's / 
Understanding blow molding / 
The forest where Ashley lives / 
Economics for healthcare managers / 
Education for librarianship and information science in Africa / 
The American heritage dictionary of Indo-European roots / 
Measuring the costs of protection in Europe : European commercial policy in the 2000s / 
Paul Revere's ride : the landlord's tale / 
Happiness, death, and the remainder of life / 
Tyler's tips : the shopper's guide for herbal remedies / 
Amsterdam / 
Max, the stubborn little wolf / 
Busybody Nora / 
Do crocodiles moo? / 
David Dudley Field : centenary essays : celebrating one hundred years of legal reform / 
Straight talk about gays in the workplace / 
Women as they age / 
The wind singer : an adventure / 
Managerial epidemiology / 
The horse in Harry's room / 
A new little cabin / 
Billy the bird / 
Skinny Melon and me / 
Grandmas trick-or-treat / 
Our Gracie Aunt / 
Coyote School News / 
Jack & Jim  / 
Well said : pronunciation for clear communication / 
The Moffats / 
Finding Hattie / 
Diving injuries : research findings and recommendations for reducing catastrophic injuries / 
Minitab handbook / 
Natural extracts using supercritical carbon dioxide / 
A companion to Chaucer / 
Arkansas traveler / 
Honorable company : a novel of India before the raj / 
Family circle quick & easy recipes : more than 300 tasty, easy-to-make recipes / 
Practical transfusion medicine / 
Physiotherapy management of haemophilia / 
Electrical energy systems / 
Longstreet's assault-- Pickett's charge : the lost record of Pickett's wounded / 
Protection, security, and safeguards : practical approaches and perspectives / 
Complementation : cognitive and functional perspectives / 
Investigating phenomenal consciousness : new methodologies and maps / 
When God comes to church : a biblical model for revival today / 
Velma still cooks in Leeway : a novel / 
Electricity / 
How the circulatory system works / 
Infant massage : a handbook for loving parents / 
Laboratory inquiry in chemistry / 
The hours of Henry VIII : a Renaissance masterpiece by Jean Poyet / 
Eating disorders in women and children : prevention, stress management, and treatment / 
Clinical obstetrics and gynecology : a problem-based approach / 
Methods of behavior analysis in neuroscience / 
A taste of Pennslyvania [sic] history : a guide to historic eateries and their recipes / 
The advocate / 
Red / 
The way of the jaguar / 
Specialty corns / 
Women and tradition : a neglected group of folklorists / 
Why Americans still don't vote : and why politicians want it that way / 
A companion to environmental philosophy / 
Dave Pelz's putting bible : the complete guide to mastering the green / 
Language acquisition and the form of the grammar / 
A separate people : Jewish women in Palestine, Syria, and Egypt in the sixteenth century / 
Models and contacts : Arabic literature and its impact on medieval Jewish culture / 
Judaism's story of creation : scripture, halakhah, aggadah / 
Literature and the land : reading and writing for environmental literacy, 7-12 / 
A long way / 
Crossing / 
My dolly / 
Hug / 
The Friday nights of Nana / 
Separate no more : understanding and developing racial reconciliation in your church / 
Dust to dust / 
Beyond winning : negotiating to create value in deals and disputes / 
Ruined landscapes : paintings of the Balkan War zone / 
Recent advances in reliability theory : methodology, practice, and inference / 
Advances in stochastic simulation methods / 
Tales from slavic myths / 
Nonlinear control and analytical mechanics : a computational approach / 
Health care risk management : organization and claims administration / 
Bailout : an insider's account of bank failures and rescues / 
Contemporary sources for the Fourth Crusade / 
A commentary on Quintus of Smyrna Posthomerica V / 
Theophrastus against the Presocratics and Plato : peripatetic dialectic in the De sensibus / 
Social attitudes in Japan : trends and cross-national perspectives / 
Studies in exegesis : Christian critiques of Jewish law and rabbinic responses, 70-300 C.E. / 
Parametric statistical change point analysis / 
Dune. House Harkonnen / 
Human anatomy & physiology / 
Wavelet transforms and time-frequency signal analysis / 
Nonlinear dynamics and statistics / 
Knowledge and communities / 
Monte Carlo methods / 
New approaches to drug development / 
Asymptotic theory of elliptic boundary value problems in singularly perturbed domains / 
Chaotic electronics in telecommunications / 
English setters : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, and behavior / 
Warfare in Chinese history / 
Liberty and religion : church and state in Leiden's Reformation, 1572-1620 / 
Ideology, politics, and language policies : focus on English / 
Exploring the self : philosophical and psychopathological perspectives on self-experience / 
Forensic entomology : the utility of arthropods in legal investigations / 
Keys to parenting the child with autism / 
Investing 101 / 
Great wine made simple : straight talk from a master sommelier / 
The saint as censor ; Robert Bellarmine between inquisition and index / 
The Halakhah : an encyclopaedia of the law of Judaism / 
The winged chariot : collected essays on Plato and platonism in honour of L.M. de Rijk / 
Inorganic chemistry / 
The birthday dolly / 
Scotland / 
Netspionage : the global threat to information / 
Trauma care : a team approach / 
Guide to psychiatric research / 
Leading with vision / 
The New Yorker book of political cartoons / 
Under the plum tree : the teachings of "Old Chinese" / 
Integrated design and manufacture using fibre-reinforced polymeric composites / 
Food processing technology : principles and practice / 
The African quest / 
Critical conditions / 
The politics of Pearl : court poetry in the age of Richard II / 
Advanced methods in cellular immunology / 
Practical MRI of the foot and ankle / 
Infectious diseases of the nervous system / 
Ganoderma diseases of perennial crops / 
The art of systems architecting / 
In his arms / 
Revelation : vision of hope and promise / 
Biomedical signal processing and signal modeling / 
Innovations in health service delivery : the corporatization of public hospitals / 
Schools and society : a sociological approach to education / 
Theories of personality / 
Behavior modification : principles and procedures / 
First Lady / 
Captive / 
L.A. requiem / 
To please a lady / 
The remorseful day / 
Death on demand / 
Wild star / 
The trailsman : Colorado diamond dupe / 
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason / 
The tidal poole / 
Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis : a life / 
The lighthouse keeper / 
Someday soon / 
Murder in the Red Room / 
The outside man / 
Listen to the silence / 
The second silence / 
Victory in Europe, 1945 : from World War to Cold war / 
The Seine River / 
Humanitarian challenges and intervention / 
Human adaptability : an introduction to ecological anthropology / 
Discovering artificial economics : how agents learn and economies evolve / 
Essentials of political research / 
Latin America in the world economy : mercantile colonialism to global capitalism / 
Energy and environment in the transition economies : between Cold War and global warming / 
Understanding human behavior and the social environment / 
Experimental psychology : understanding psychological research / 
Biological psychology / 
Basic statistics / 
Teaching music in the secondary schools / 
Forensic psychology / 
Ten questions : a sociological perspective / 
L.A. justice / 
Hidden treasures : searching for masterpieces of American furniture / 
The rescue / 
Wheelers / 
Psychopathology in later adulthood / 
What remains / 
Buster's diaries : a true story of a dog and his man / 
Mirage / 
The little foot care book / 
Secrets of the signs / 
Life is a movie starring you : the Pesky meddling girls guide to living your dreams / 
Kathy Smith's lift weights to lose weight / 
Liquefied natural gas in China : options for markets, institutions, and finance / 
East Asia : 
A market-oriented strategy for small and medium scale enterprises / 
The promise of the Father : Jesus and God in the New Testament / 
Alan Turing : the enigma / 
Global positioning for financial services  / 
The foot in diabetes / 
Dementia / 
Mad about physics : braintwisters, paradoxes, and curiosities / 
A posteriori error estimation in finite element analysis / 
Listen to your heart / 
One wish / 
The dress lodger / 
Jesus among other gods : the absolute claims of the Christian message / 
Josh McDowell's youth ministry handbook : making the connection / 
The enemy : an intellectual portrait of Carl Schmitt / 
On secret service / 
The Sun / 
The Yellow River / 
Roads / 
Sexually transmitted diseases / 
The Niagara River / 
Animal baby sitters / 
Harry Houdini : master magician / 
Thermal quadrupoles : solving the heat equation through integral transforms / 
Machine design : a CAD approach / 
Principles of marketing / 
Philosophical dilemmas : a pro and con introduction to the major questions / 
Policy-making in the European Union / 
The ius commune in England : four studies / 
Compact manifolds with special holonomy / 
Chile : the legacy of Hispanic capitalism / 
Criminalistics : an introduction to forensic science / 
Literature : an introduction to reading and writing / 
I am the king! / 
Grandpa's overalls / 
Singing Diggety / 
My grandmother is a singing Yaya / 
Learning practices : assessment and action for organizational improvement / 
Hitler and Nazi Germany : a history / 
The rise of "the rest" : challenges to the west from late-industrializing economies / 
Mechanical and electrical systems in buildings / 
The Oxford dictionary of thematic quotations / 
Sifters : Native American women's lives / 
Quantitative development in infancy and early childhood / 
Thirtynothing : a novel / 
The moon's lullaby / 
Building Internet Firewalls : Internet and Web security / 
The student teaching experience : cases from the classroom / 
The heart beats on the left / 
Hegel : an intellectual biography / 
Omaha steaks : let's grill / 
The open house collection : 
Belgo cookbook / 
Learning Java / 
Written language disorders : theory into practice / 
Why butterflies go by on silent wings / 
The goose who went off in a huff / 
Self-advocacy in the lives of people with learning difficulties : the politics of resilience / 
Modern control systems / 
Fundamentals of anatomy & physiology / 
Complete poems / 
The Penguin desk encyclopedia of science and mathematics / 
The sexual citizen : queer politics and beyond / 
Looking for God : a seeker's guide to religious and spiritual groups of the world / 
The miracle years : a cultural history of West Germany, 1949-1968 / 
The economic evolution of American health care : from Marcus Welby to managed care / 
First signals : the evolution of multicellular development / 
Subverting hatred : the challenge of nonviolence in religious traditions / 
Stepping out with Grandma Mac / 
Judith Miller's color : period and regional style from around the world / 
LabView for automotive, telecommunications, semiconductor, biomedical, and other applications / 
Decolonizing biblical studies : a view from the margins / 
Keeping faith : European and Asian Catholic immigrants / 
Reinventing India : liberalization, Hindu nationalism, and popular democracy / 
Realistic ray tracing / 
Windows shell programming / 
Windows 2000 cluster server guidebook : a guide to creating and managing a cluster / 
Distributed application programming in C++ / 
Applied linear algebra : the decoupling principle / 
Introduction to graph theory / 
Precalculus : graphing and data analysis / 
College algebra : graphing and data analysis / 
ABC of leather bookbinding : an illustrated manual on traditional bookbinding / 
Clinical application of 3D sonography / 
The last detective / 
Historical dictionary of Djibouti / 
Sierra story : Yosemite adventures & reflections / 
All for Jesus : the easy ways of divine love / 
Homemade treats for happy, healthy dogs / 
Worklife 2000 yearbook 2 : 2000 / 
The keeper of dreams / 
Saved from oblivion : an autobiography / 
Pioneer photographers of the far west : a biographical dictionary, 1840-1865 / 
Lesbian couples : a guide to creating healthy relationships / 
Classical microlocal analysis in the space of hyperfunctions / 
Nonlinear potential theory and weighted Sobolev spaces / 
Selfhood and authenticity / 
Insurrections : approaches to resistance in composition studies / 
The political party matrix : the persistence of organization / 
Opening spaces : critical pedagogy and resistance theory in composition / 
Semiotics and dis/ability : interrogating categories of difference / 
Institutional constraints and policy choice : an exploration of local governance / 
Color and money : politics and prospects for community reinvestment in urban America / 
A theory of everything : an integral vision for business, politics, science, and spirituality / 
Indestructible innocence / 
The freedom to be / 
Elements of the real in man / 
Luminous night's journey : an autobiographical fragment / 
The point of existence : transformations of narcissism in self-realization / 
The Tao of health, longevity, and immortality : the teachings of immortals Chung and Lü / 
Data analysis, classification, and related methods / 
Arts & economics : analysis & cultural policy / 
Information technology for the practicing physician / 
The completion of quantum mechanics, 1926-1941 / 
Modern instrumentation for scientists and engineers / 
Linear processes in function spaces : theory and applications / 
The symmetric group : representations, combinatorial algorithms, and symmetric functions / 
Asymptotic theory of statistical inference for time series / 
Classical theory of algebraic numbers / 
Otto Hahn : achievement and responsibility / 
Analysis and design of information systems / 
Analysis of multivariate survival data / 
Data compression : the complete reference / 
Surgery : basic science and clinical evidence / 
Gang of five : leaders at the center of the conservative crusade / 
Mr. Stanley of Estes Park / 
Personal visions : conversations with contemporary film directors / 
Chromatic fantasy : leaves in the midst of change / 
Coast-to-coast auto races of the early 1900s : three contests that changed the world / 
Defects and deterioration in buildings / 
Research ethics : text and readings / 
Language and nationalism in Europe / 
Magnetic venture : the story of Oxford Instruments / 
The cult of Saint Thecla : a tradition of women's piety in late antiquity / 
Intratextuality : Greek and Roman textual relations / 
Berlioz / 
Music theory in seventeenth-century England / 
Strategic management : process, content and implementation / 
Theatre of the book, 1480-1880  : print, text, and performance in Europe / 
Globalization and integrated area development in European cities / 
Feminism, the family, and the politics of the closet : lesbian and gay displacement / 
The international covenant on civil and political rights : cases, materials, and commentary / 
Cultivated landscapes of Native Amazonia and the Andes : triumph over the soil / 
Criminology and social theory / 
Welfare and work in the open economy / 
Alternatives to Athens : varieties of political organization and community in ancient Greece / 
Anglican evangelicals : Protestant secessions from the via media, c. 1800-1850 / 
Viewpoints : readings in art history / 
Death watch : a death penalty anthology / 
Implementing sustainable development : strategies and initiatives in high consumption societies / 
Identity and modernity in Latin America / 
Conversation and technology : from the telephone to the Internet / 
Market society : markets and modern social theory / 
Essential drug dosage calculations / 
Keys to nursing success / 
Writers at the movies : twenty-six contemporary authors celebrate twenty-six memorable movies / 
Mous essentials. Word 2000 / 
Divided we stand : American workers and the struggle for Black equality / 
The Mediterranean Basin in the world petroleum market / 
Campus life exposed : advice from the inside : eye-opening true stories and advice / 
Fundamentalism / 
Unholy ghost : writers on depression / 
Elegant porcelain & glass painting projects / 
Technical analysis from A to Z / 
The McGraw-Hill investor's desk reference / 
The compleat guide to day trading stocks / 
New labour, new thinking : the politics, economics, and social policy of the Blair government / 
Research on agricultural systems : accomplishments, perspectives, and issues / 
The quotable Sherlock Holmes / 
The research driven investor : how to use information, data, and analysis for investment success / 
The scarlet letter / 
The sea-wolf / 
Hurricane lady / 
The after hours trader : how to make money 24 hours a day trading stocks at night / 
Robin Hood and other outlaw tales / 
Epitaph / 
The marble mask / 
Glimpses of glory : prayers for the church year / 
Conversations with mummies : new light on the lives of ancient Egyptians / 
Calculus / 
Designing Enterprise applications with the Java 2 Platform / 
America and its peoples : a mosaic in the making / 
Appalachian Mountain Club river guide. 
Handbook of measurement and evaluation in rehabilitation / 
Fuszard's innovative teaching strategies in nursing / 
The Persian legacy and the Edgar Cayce material / 
The conscious reader / 
The school and community relations / 
Abnormal psychology / 
Psychological, social, and educational dimensions of deafness / 
Controlling the dangerous classes : a critical introduction to the history of criminal justice / 
Building effective helping skills : the foundation of generalist practice / 
Vocabulary in the elementary and middle school / 
Movies and meaning : an introduction to film / 
Professional regulation in marital and family therapy / 
Hansel and Gretel / 
Alice alone / 
Russia / 
The beggar ; The thief and the dogs ; Autumn quail / 
Yes Yoko Ono / 
Teenie Bird and how she learned to fly / 
The animals in the ark / 
Angel face / 
Horace and Morris join the chorus (but what about Dolores?) / 
The burger and the hot dog / 
The three Billygoats Gruff and Mean Calypso Joe / 
Storm Maker's tipi / 
The unknown Callas : the Greek years / 
High performing families : causes, consequences, and clinical solutions / 
This wheel's on fire : Levon Helm and the story of the Band / 
Documentation in counseling records / 
An introduction to homeopathic medicine in primary care / 
Painting the Dakota : Seth Eastman at Fort Snelling / 
American Indians and the urban experience / 
Clinical virology manual / 
Self-relations in the psychotherapy process / 
Health care restructuring : market theory vs. civil society / 
Emerging diseases of animals / 
Evaluating biological regrowth in distribution systems / 
Accelerated C++ : practical programming by example / 
Book of Augustinian saints / 
Frontier Earth : searcher / 
Guide to human performance measurements / 
Criminal law / 
Texas politics and government : ideas, institutions, and policies / 
Microeconomics : a modern approach / 
Writing effective use cases / 
Minnesota in the Civil War : an illustrated history / 
Cigarettes : anatomy of an industry from seed to smoke / 
Allen Iverson : motion & emotion / 
Mosby's color atlas and text of infectious diseases / 
Diagnosis in colour : neurology / 
Creative wedding florals you can make / 
Medical ethics at the dawn of the 21st century / 
Math homework that counts : grades 4-6 / 
Driven patriot : the life and times of James Forrestal / 
Southwest style : a home-lover's guide to architecture and design / 
Historical and philosophical foundations of education : a biographical introduction / 
Paradox of the soul : a collection of stories / 
Jung and the alchemical imagination / 
Dying with an enlightening fall : Poland in the eyes of German intellectuals, 1764-1800 / 
Maryland history in prints, 1743-1900 / 
Shortness of breath : a guide to better living  and breathing / 
The young child : development from prebirth through age eight / 
The 1940s : secrets / 
The universal computer : the road from Leibniz to Turing / 
Bolshevik ideology and literature, 1917-1927 / 
Richard the Redeless ; and, Mum and the sothsegger / 
The essential writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson / 
Steve McNair : running & gunning / 
A hell of a place to lose a cow : an American hitchhiking odyssey / 
The wonderful sky boat : and other Native American tales of the Southeast / 
Jonah's promise : poems / 
The small business start-up kit for California / 
Climbing back : poems / 
Something special : a story / 
Kurt Warner : can't keep him down / 
Packinghouse daughter : a memoir / 
Patent, copyright & trademark / 
Witches of the Atlantic world : a historical reader & primary sourcebook / 
Learning the art of helping : building blocks and techniques / 
The picture frame, and other stories / 
Slavery in the history of Muslim Black Africa / 
Dynamic antisymmetry / 
Metaphor in context / 
A resource guide to Asian American literature / 
The stranger beside me / 
More classic American railroads / 
Bloodroot / 
Spider's web / 
Murder in the Lincoln Bedroom : an Eleanor Roosevelt mystery / 
Scar tissue : a Brady Coyne novel / 
The girls : Sappho goes to Hollywood / 
The oracle of Kabbalah : mystical teachings of the Hebrew letters / 
The PR crisis bible : how to take charge of the media when all hell breaks loose / 
Cybercitizen : how to use your computer to fight for all the issues you care about / 
Shelterbelt / 
Street level / 
It's not what you say, it's how you say it / 
Living at the edge of the world : a teenager's survival in the tunnels of Grand Central Station / 
Women of mystery : the lives and works of notable women crime novelists / 
Everything women of color should know about cosmetic surgery / 
Ransom at the opera / 
Doin' dirty / 
Eminem : crossing the line / 
Beach / 
Fire towers of the Catskills : their history and lore / 
Accelerated logistics : streamlining the Army's supply chain / 
When evening comes : the education of a hospice volunteer / 
The murder of Biggie Smalls / 
Spontaneous / 
Make a joyful noise : my 25 years in gospel music / 
Killer commute / 
A misty mourning : a novel / 
The book of kills : a mystery set at the University of Notre Dame / 
Grover Cleveland : a study in character / 
Dog massage : a whiskers-to-tail guide to your dog's ultimate massage experience / 
Symphony of spirits : encounters with the spiritual dimensions of Alzheimer's / 
The ten things you can't say in America / 
Origami ornaments : the ultimate kusudama book / 
The language of the land : living among the Hadzabe in Africa / 
Sellevision / 
The illustrated story of copyright / 
Origami to astonish and amuse / 
Dancing in Cadillac light / 
Edge of danger / 
Nick Stellino's Passione : pasta, pizza, and panini / 
Boston Tea Party / 
Bus stop, bus go! / 
Valley of jewels / 
The bandoleros / 
Rogue River feud / 
Open land / 
Break for the border / 
Cattle kingdom / 
Beach walks II / 
Hawk : occupation, skateboarder / 
Soy desserts : 101 fresh, fun & fabulously healthy recipes / 
Mining the middle ground : developing mid-level managers for strategic change / 
Early education for children with Down Syndrome : time to begin / 
Schooling the symbolic animal : social and cultural dimensions of education / 
A world made safe for differences : cold war intellectuals and the politics of identity / 
April and May / 
Complex identities : Jewish consciousness and modern art / 
The art of awareness : how observation can transform your teaching / 
Fragile branches ; travels through the Jewish Diaspora / 
The holy twins : Benedict and Scholastica / 
Daisy comes home / 
The mightiest / 
Stand tall, Molly Lou Melon / 
Peacemaker / 
Everyday surveillance : vigilance and visibility in postmodern life / 
Global life systems : population, food, and disease in the process of globalization / 
Two strategies for Europe : De Gaulle, the United States, and the Atlantic Alliance / 
Energy and conflict in Central Asia and the Caucasus / 
New directions in anthropological kinship / 
Global multiculturalism : comparative perspectives on ethnicity, race, and nation / 
Dollars and sense : process improvement approach to logistics financial management / 
Hi! it's me, your dog! : let me take you for a walk through my world / 
Between the Alps and a hard place : Switzerland in World War II and moral blackmail today / 
The Venona secrets : exposing Soviet espionage and America's traitors / 
Drawn to the flame : assessment and treatment of juvenile firesetting behavior / 
Ethnic context, race relations, and California politics / 
The rise and fall of California's welfare caseload : types and regions, 1980-1999 / 
Meaning and cognition : a multidisciplinary approach / 
Life makeovers : 52 practical and inspiring ways to improve your life one week at a time / 
The women's game / 
The way of golf / 
Tuna / 
The snowshoe handbook / 
Contextualization : meanings, methods, and models / 
Beyond death : confronting the ultimate mystery / 
War and nature : fighting humans and insects with chemicals from World War I to Silent Spring / 
Adaptationism and optimality / 
Yesterday in old Fall River : a Lizzie Borden companion / 
Wind stress over the ocean / 
Structural proof theory / 
French modernisms : perspectives on art before, during, and after Vichy / 
Volkswagen workshop manual : 
Gene transcription : mechanisms and control / 
The submarine book / 
Long-distance genealogy / 
Conversational narrative : storytelling in everyday talk / 
The long and the short and the tall / 
The Great Mosque of Damascus : studies on the makings of an Umayyad visual culture / 
Studies in the linguistic structure of classical Arabic / 
Taste of modernity : Sufism, Salafiyya, and Arabism in late Ottoman Damascus / 
Crossing the yellow river : three hundred poems from the Chinese / 
The altar of my soul : the living traditions of Santería / 
Theory of the global state : globality as unfinished revolution / 
Suicide prevention : resources for the millennium / 
Entertainment industry economics : a guide for financial analysis / 
Modeling monetary economies / 
Language from the body : iconicity and metaphor in American Sign Language / 
Urban achievement in early modern Europe : golden ages in Antwerp, Amsterdam, and London / 
The transformation of Edinburgh: land, property, and trust in the nineteenth century / 
Purchasing / 
Universal logic / 
Serial offenders : current thought, recent findings / 
The apples of Apollo : pagan and Christian mysteries of the Eucharist / 
Border crossings : Christian trespasses on popular culture and public affairs / 
Applied probability models / 
Geometric partial differential equations and image analysis / 
Seismic ray theory / 
The Chicago Tribune Tower competition : skyscraper design and cultural change in the 1920s / 
Spatial patterns in catchment hydrology : observations and modelling / 
Basic engineering data collection and analysis / 
Biology : the unity and diversity of life / 
Helen hath no fury : an Amanda Pepper mystery / 
Colossus : how the corporation changed America / 
Village medical manual  : a layman's guide to health care in developing countries / 
Margaret Atwood : works and impact / 
Vogue knitting American collection / 
The Christmas cookie book / 
Knowing stones : poems of exotic places : an anthology / 
For God and his people : Ulrich Zwingli and the Swiss Reformation / 
Multilingual literacies : reading and writing different worlds / 
Rats, bats & vats / 
King David : the real life of the man who ruled Israel / 
The making of modern Burma / 
A citizen of the country / 
The PMS outlaws : an Elizabeth MacPherson novel / 
Slaves of obsession / 
Excavation / 
Politics, theology, and history / 
The last ghost dance : a guide for earth mages / 
Taking religion to school : Christian theology and secular education / 
Baker's guide to Christian distance education : online learning for all ages / 
American foreign policy since World War II / 
Life-affirming acts : education as transformation in the writing classroom / 
A quiet heart / 
Genetics and mental retardation syndromes : a new look at behavior and interventions / 
Believe : an inspirational fable / 
The body in the bouillon / 
Treatise on vocal performance and ornamentation / 
Stars and galaxies / 
Insect pests of tropical forestry / 
The solar system / 
Still life with oysters and lemon / 
A practical guide to sports injuries / 
Local anaesthesia in dentistry / 
Judging democracy : the new politics of the High Court of Australia / 
Writing a convincing business plan / 
Mr. Baruch / 
Religious freedom in the world : a global report on freedom and persecution / 
The enchantment of writing : spiritual healing and delight through the written word / 
The wisdom of Sri Chinmoy / 
Autonomy and ethnicity : negotiating competing claims in multi-ethnic states / 
Living beyond your lifetime : how to be intentional about the legacy you leave/ 
A mighty long journey : reflections on racial reconciliation / 
Teaching elementary science : a full spectrum science instruction approach / 
Live Jesus! : wisdom from saints Francis de Sales and Jane de Chantal / 
Jesus : everything you need to know to figure him out / 
Black prisoner of war : a conscientious objector's Vietnam memoir / 
Henry and the White Wolf / 
Making room at the table : an invitation to multicultural worship / 
Careers for animal lovers & other zoological types / 
Trilce / 
Beyond foundationalism : shaping theology in a postmodern context / 
September moon / 
A heartbreaking work of staggering genius / 
Cradle and all / 
Disguised blessing / 
Dreaming of the bones / 
Youth gangs in American society / 
Echoes down the corridor : collected essays, 1944-2000 / 
Colorado hut to hut / 
Haunted Texas vacations : the complete ghostly guide / 
See you later, gladiator / 
Internal combustion engines : applied thermosciences / 
A twice-told tale : reinventing the encounter in Iberian/Iberian American literature and film / 
Raphael / 
Bridges / 
The European Commission / 
Rebels, pretenders & imposters / 
Women of illusion : a circus family's story / 
Milton to Pope, 1650-1720 / 
The social impact of the Asia crisis / 
A commentary on the Doctrine and Covenants / 
The light within : what the prophet Joseph Smith taught us about personal revelation / 
Post-Soviet Russia : a journey through the Yeltsin era / 
Hydraulic mining in California : a tarnished legacy / 
China confidential : American diplomats and Sino-American relations, 1945-1996 / 
Blake and homosexuality / 
The rise of democracy in Britain, 1830-1918 / 
An economic history of twentieth-century Latin America / 
Hinduism and secularism : after Ayodhya / 
Political transition in Cambodia, 1991-99 : power, elitism, and democracy / 
Licensing, censorship, and authorship in early modern England : buggeswords / 
The noir thriller / 
Reading the past : literature and history / 
Britain and the Spanish anti-Franco opposition, 1940-1950 / 
A special relationship : Anglo-American relations in the Cold War and after / 
Greenspan's taming of the wave, or, A golden age revisited / 
Global change : a Japanese perspective / 
Regionalization and security in Southern Africa / 
50 years a Keynesian and other essays / 
Anti-Americanism in Russia : from Stalin to Putin / 
Egypt during the Sadat years / 
Heavy-duty truck systems / 
Marry me! : three professional men reveal to women how to get Mr. Right to pop the question / 
Getting financing & developing land / 
Nosocomial pneumonia / 
Complications of dialysis / 
Difference equations with public health applications / 
Handbook of pharmaceutical controlled release technology / 
Solid state and surface photochemistry / 
Organic, physical, and materials photochemistry / 
Electric refractory materials / 
Difference equations with applications to queues / 
Handbook of nutrition and diet / 
Seafood and freshwater toxins : pharmacology, physiology, and detection / 
Drug strategies in asthma / 
The Asian energy factor : myths and dilemmas of energy, security and the Pacific future / 
Social-science commentary on the book of Revelation / 
Beyond nice : the spiritual wisdom of adolescent girls / 
Problems in French history / 
A world of flowers / 
Queering the moderns : poses/portraits/performances / 
We heal from memory : Sexton, Lorde, Anzaldúa, and the poetry of witness / 
America and the world, 1898-2025 : achievements, failures, alternative futures / 
André Gide's politics : rebellion and ambivalence / 
Tru64 Unix file system administration handbook / 
Mark McGwire / 
The monkey who wanted the moon / 
Bioremediation of contaminated soils / 
Illuminations : living by candlelight / 
Any old way you choose it : rock and other pop music, 1967-1973 / 
Endangered species / 
Easy art quilts : amazing designs based on tradition / 
Insects / 
Life as an Air Force fighter pilot / 
Medea / 
The insanity defense / 
The headless horseman and other ghoulish tales / 
Molly and the magic dress / 
Friday night lights : a town, a team, and a dream / 
A dictionary of diplomacy / 
A force more powerful : a century of nonviolent conflict / 
Colonial transformations : the cultural production of the New Atlantic World, 1580-1640 / 
Carlos Santana : back on top / 
Letters from Cleo and Tyrone : a feline perspective on love, life, and litter / 
Our peaceable kingdom : the photographs of John Drysdale / 
Divided lives : the untold stories of Jewish-Christian women in Nazi Germany / 
Banking and economic development : Brazil, 1889-1930 / 
On the fringe / 
Nova Scotia / 
Ontario / 
Birds / 
Edgar Allan Poe : his life and legacy / 
House of dreams / 
The hunting of the President : the ten-year campaign to destroy Bill and Hillary Clinton / 
JonBenét : inside the Ramsey murder investigation / 
Coyote nowhere : in search of America's last frontier / 
An angel to die for / 
Europe's monastery and convent guesthouses : a pilgrim's travel guide / 
Steve Jobs / 
Lenin's revolution : Russia, 1917-1921 / 
Your home office / 
Your child's bedroom / 
Your bedroom / 
Optimal control theory : applications to management science and economics / 
Massry & Glassock's textbook of nephrology / 
Collected poems / 
Northern Africa : a guide to reference and information sources / 
On the track with-- Jeff Gordon / 
Wireless network deployments / 
Learning, innovation, and urban evolution / 
Monstruary / 
The kidney and hypertension in diabetes mellitus / 
Electrets in engineering : fundamentals and applications / 
An introduction to literature : fiction, poetry, drama / 
The future of success / 
Greek fire : the story of Maria Callas and Aristotle Onassis / 
Immunology / 
Joshua / 
Cowgirl Rosie and her five baby bison / 
What every girl (except me) knows : a novel / 
The theology of priesthood / 
Atonement : poems / 
Transfigurations : collected poems / 
Family gathering : poems / 
Cannibals & philosophers : bodies of Enlightenment / 
Your living room / 
An introduction to sociolinguistics / 
Dead and gone / 
The family orchard : a novel / 
Life behind glass : a personal account of autism spectrum disorder / 
The elementary particles / 
Off Keck Road / 
The Shark God / 
The house of blue light : poems / 
Stephen Crane's blue badge of courage / 
Napoleon III and his regime : an extravaganza / 
Foundations of education / 
Issues in low vision rehabilitation : service delivery, policy, and funding / 
Restorative community justice : repairing harm and transforming communities / 
PDF reference : Adobe portable document format, version 1.3 / 
Irritable bowel syndrome : psychosocial assessment and treatment / 
Centralized transfusion services : models and systems / 
Family in transition / 
Multinational business finance / 
Greece / 
Biochemistry & molecular biology of plants / 
Early childhood mathematics / 
Stuttering : its nature, diagnosis, and treatment / 
Medical practice and malpractice / 
How to read nonprofit financial statements / 
Continuous thermal processing of foods : pasteurization and UHT sterilization / 
Health management information systems : methods and practical applications / 
Public health leadership : putting principles into practice / 
Delivering health care in America : a systems approach / 
Profiles of sport industry professionals : the people who make the games happen / 
Beyond the game : the collected sportswriting of Gary Smith / 
Evaluating outcomes : empirical tools for effective practice / 
Work and the image / 
The soul of the new consumer : the attitudes, behaviors, and preferences of E-customers / 
Synthetic bioabsorbable polymers for implants / 
Law and religion / 
Eleanor Marx (1855-1898) : life, work, contacts / 
God, society, and the human person : the basics of Catholic social teaching / 
After the slump : industry and politics in 1930s Britain and Germany / 
Middle knowledge : theory and applications / 
Performance of TCP/IP over ATM networks / 
Microwave materials and fabrication techniques / 
Understanding digital terrestrial broadcasting / 
Pipeline design & construction : a practical approach / 
Skydancing : aerobatic flight techniques / 
PPP design, implementation, and debugging / 
Software configuration management strategies and Rational ClearCase : a practical introduction / 
A short guide to writing about biology / 
Health promotion strategies through the life span / 
Rookwood and the industry of art : women, culture, and commerce, 1880-1913 / 
Defence speeches / 
Operational amplifiers and linear integrated circuits / 
Hiss & tell : true stories from the files of a cat shrink / 
Axiomatic design : advances and applications / 
Marine biology : function, biodiversity, ecology / 
In the light of the Word : Divine Word Missionaries of North America / 
Appraisal processes in emotion : theory, methods, research / 
The art of moviemaking : script to screen / 
Government by the people / 
Hidden Gospels : how the search for Jesus lost its way / 
Villette / 
Marketing management in the 21st Century / 
Keys to preparing for college / 
Hyperbolic systems of conservation laws : the one-dimensional Cauchy problem / 
Bon appétit, the Christmas season / 
Cognition in schizophrenia : impairments, importance, and treatment strategies / 
Learn Windows 2000 Professional / 
Angel City / 
Betty Doll / 
Mysteries / 
Contemporary issues in crime and criminal justice : essays in honor of Gilbert Geis / 
Sexual harassment : issues and answers / 
My sisters telegraphic : women in the telegraph office, 1846-1950 / 
The selected letters of Yvor Winters / 
The mighty engine : the printing press and its impact / 
So far back / 
Medical ethics : applying theories and principles to the patient encounter / 
The Everett and Monte Cristo Railway / 
The spirit of children : the art and life of Karen Carrino / 
Road rage and aggressive driving : steering clear of highway warfare / 
Charles Fairfax Murray : the unknown Pre-Raphaelite / 
Of weeds & views / 
The incumbent / 
The mind and heart of the negotiator / 
Managing the counterrevolution : the United States and Guatemala, 1954-1961 / 
South Africa's resistance press : alternative voices in the last generation under apartheid / 
The art of loving / 
Tulsa time / 
Blackbird : a childhood lost and found / 
Sowing the American dream : how consumer culture took root in the rural midwest / 
Transvaginal sonography of the normal & abnormal fetus / 
Stuffed animals & pickled heads : the culture and evolution of natural history museums / 
The Penguin international dictionary of contemporary biography : from 1900 to the present / 
Poland in World War II : an illustrated military history / 
Chile : political economy of urban development / 
Vernacular architecture / 
Ernie dances to the didgeridoo : for the children of Gunbalanya / 
KDE bible / 
The power of a praying wife / 
Female spectacle : the theatrical roots of modern feminism / 
Mrs. Hollingsworth's men / 
Advertising and promotion : an integrated marketing communications perspective / 
Strategic management of technology and innovation / 
Microeconomics / 
Macroeconomics / 
Internet business models and strategies : text and cases / 
Real estate perspectives : an introduction to real estate / 
Systems analysis and design methods / 
Business research methods / 
Economics / 
Business law and the regulatory environment : concepts and cases / 
Redesigning enterprise processes for e-business / 
Chicken soup for the parents soul : stories of loving, learning, and parenting / 
Failure is not an option : mission control from Mercury to Apollo 13 and beyond / 
I know just what you mean : the power of friendship in women's lives / 
Touching Spirit Bear / 
100 school days / 
Right foot in the Pacific, left foot in the Atlantic / 
Goldie is mad / 
Slop goes the soup : a noisy warthog word book / 
Splitting the second : the story of atomic time / 
One day, Daddy / 
Prostate cancer : biology, genetics, and the new therapeutics / 
Revising culture, reinventing peace : the influence of Edward W. Said / 
The uncertain promise of Southern Africa / 
The literary book of answers / 
The hermeneutics of sacred architecture : experience, interpretation, comparison / 
The beautiful game : sixteen girls and the soccer season that changed everything / 
Ovarian cancer : methods and protocols / 
Essential exercises for breast cancer survivors / 
The wrath of grapes : packed with recovery, insight, and humor / 
Class and community : the industrial revolution in Lynn / 
U.S. labor in the twentieth century : studies in working-class struggles and insurgency / 
"G" is for Grafton : the world of Kinsey Millhone / 
Rome : a cultural and literary companion / 
Access denied : freedom of information in the information age / 
Freud in the Pampas : the emergence and development of a psychoanalytic culture in Argentina / 
A meta-analysis of rates of return to agricultural R&D : ex pede Herculem? / 
Shona-English, English-Shona (ChiShona) dictionary and phrasebook / 
GEMA : birthplace of German radar and sonar / 
The fathers of the Constitution : a chronicle of the establishment of the Union / 
Delirium tremens : stories of suffering and transcendence / 
Transforming the disciplines : a women's studies primer / 
The generation of plays : Yorùbá popular life in theater / 
131 Christians everyone should know / 
The day trader's survival guide : how to be consistently profitable in short-term markets / 
Donne, Castiglione, and the poetry of courtliness / 
Writing ourselves : mass-observation and literacy practices / 
The dilemmas of an upright man : Max Planck and the fortunes of German science / 
Freedom, democracy, and responsibility : the selected works of Franklyn S. Haiman / 
Angiotensin II receptor antagonists / 
Feminism, community, and communication / 
Don Juan : comedy in five acts, 1665 / 
The divided China problem : conflict avoidance and resolution / 
River Run cookbook : southern comfort from Vermont/ 
Slavery : bondage throughout history / 
Dictionary of Midwestern literature / 
The imperial mantle : the United States, decolonization, and the Third World / 
The adversary : a true story of monstrous deception / 
Can evangelicals learn from world religions? : Jesus, Revelation & religious traditions / 
The stage directions guide to working back stage / 
Boy still missing / 
The big book of herbs : a comprehensive illustrated reference to herbs of flavor and fragrance / 
Latina beauty : a get-gorgeous guide for every mujer / 
The illustrated Rumi : a treasury of wisdom from the poet of the soul : a new translation / 
Violence & memory : one hundred years in the "dark forests" of Matabeleland / 
Sexual abuse litigation : a practical resource for attorneys, clinicians, and advocates / 
All wired up / 
Family solutions for substance abuse : clinical and counseling approaches / 
Handbook of organizational performance : behavior analysis and management / 
Almost history : close calls, plan B's, and twists of fate in American history / 
Purchasing injection molds : a buyer's guide / 
We, the jury : the jury system and the ideal of democracy : with a new preface / 
End run : a Drew Gavin mystery / 
The pursuit of perfect packing / 
Clinical and educational interventions with fathers / 
Virginia Quilt Museum / 
Christianity / 
American vintage : the rise of American wine / 
Pursuit : western stories / 
The fair vision : a frontier story / 
Eternal blessings / 
Monkey beach / 
Clinical practice with families : supporting creativity and competence / 
Black women writers across cultures : an analysis of their contribution / 
Lost New York / 
Heading West : western stories / 
Emergency nursing secrets / 
Hematologic malignancies : methods and techniques / 
The Persian bride / 
DNA arrays : methods and protocols / 
Warships of the world to 1900 / 
The Winterthur guide to caring for your collection / 
Conversations with the other side / 
The nature of good and evil / 
A tree is a plant / 
Two little trains / 
Little Porcupine's Christmas / 
The dragon's tail : rediscovering the tenth planet / 
Ships of discovery and exploration / 
Journeys in time : a new atlas of American history / 
Searching for America's heart : RFK and the renewal of hope / 
Global environmental politics / 
Philosophy : the pursuit of wisdom / 
Reflections on the movies : hearing God in the unlikeliest of places / 
Amazing Gracie : a dog's tale / 
The heart of Wicca : wise words from a crone on the path / 
The social visions of the Hebrew Bible : a theological introduction / 
The super analysts : conversations with the world's leading stock market investors and analysts / 
In the company of Jesus : characters in Mark's gospel / 
The official Whitman statehood quarters collector's handbook : an official Whitman guidebook / 
Time out for mom -- ahhh moments / 
Comeback cities : a blueprint for urban neighborhood revival / 
In the house of the Queen's beasts / 
Onward Christian soldiers? : the Religious Right in American politics / 
Jackson's way : Andrew Jackson and the people of the western waters / 
Unbelieving children and the parents who love them / 
Mad : cover to cover : 48 years, 6 months & 3 days of Mad magazine covers / 
Grammar in context / 
Hot six / 
Rest : experiencing God's peace in a restess world / 
Opportunities in banking careers / 
Poverty and policy in Latin America and the Caribbean / 
Be reverent / 
Domenico Ghirlandaio : artist and artisan / 
Lincoln on God and country / 
Dilemmas of international trade / 
Bad timing : a novel / 
Colombia : essays on conflict, peace, and development  / 
The haunted self : surrealism, psychoanalysis, subjectivity / 
The ephemeral museum : old master paintings and the rise of the art exhibition / 
The natural gas market : sixty years of regulation and deregulation / 
The ethics of family life : what do we owe one another? / 
The Tomes of Delphi : Win32 multimedia API / 
New directions in later medieval manuscript studies : essays from the 1998 Harvard conference / 
Amnesty International / 
Movie palaces / 
Lupus : alternative therapies that work / 
Asthma : the complete guide to integrative therapies / 
Social work and the family unit / 
The total cat : understanding your cat's physical and emotional behavior from kitten to old age / 
Manning / 
Spontaneous mind : selected interviews, 1958-1996 / 
Nurturing a child's soul / 
You can write song lyrics / 
Dicho y hecho : beginning Spanish / 
Utah, then & now / 
Oregon, then & now / 
The physician's covenant : images of the healer in medical ethics / 
Charmed life / 
E=mc² : a biography of the world's most famous equation / 
The ten greatest revivals ever : from Pentecost to the present / 
World history / 
Scattering of electromagnetic waves. Theories and applications / 
Scattering of electromagnetic waves. Numerical simulations / 
Iphigenia in Tauris :  / 
Scattering of electromagnetic waves. Advanced topics / 
The ruins, or, A survey of the revolutions of empires / 
Poems, 1795 / 
Day hikes on the Pacific Crest Trail. Oregon & Washington / 
The economics of sports / 
Ground-water microbiology and geochemistry / 
In the company of angels / 
Candide and related texts / 
Even more monologues for women by women / 
Mighty oaks from little acorns grow : the history of Norfolk Collegiate School / 
Rainforest home remedies : the Maya way to heal your body & replenish your soul / 
Coaching youth cricket / 
Big Red : three months on board a Trident nuclear submarine / 
Little women / 
"Wicked" women and the reconfiguration of gender in Africa / 
I love you rituals / 
The little book of coaching : motivating people to be winners / 
A Christmas carol / 
Miss Mouse takes off / 
Sick of each other / 
Yo-Yo's : tricks to amaze your friends / 
A castle on Viola Street / 
When you were inside Mommy / 
Good for you! : toddler rhymes for toddler times / 
Esoteric orders and their work / 
Applied magic / 
Aspects of occultism / 
Corpus of early Arabic sources for West African history / 
The training & work of an initiate / 
The Bible and spiritual disciplines / 
The vision of the Nazarene / 
Maurice Ravel : a life / 
Oral and maxillofacial surgery secrets / 
Benjamin's treasure / 
On Tide Mill Lane / 
Southern belly : the ultimate food lover's companion to the South / 
Brides of Eden : a true story imagined / 
Girl reporter gets the skinny / 
Alice's adventures in Wonderland / 
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm / 
A theory of the firm : governance, residual claims, and organizational forms / 
Master drawings from the Smith College Museum of Art / 
Jimmy Ernst / 
Habits of the mind : intellectual life as a Christian calling / 
Endocrine oncology / 
Herbs : partners in life : healing, gardening, and cooking with wild plants / 
Ayurvedic healing cuisine : 200 vegetarian recipes for health, balance, and longevity / 
Thin-film optical filters / 
The parent's book about bullying : changing the course of your child's life / 
The sonic self : musical subjectivity and signification / 
Nation dance : religion, identity, and cultural difference in the Caribbean / 
IBM redux : Lou Gerstner and the business turnaround of the decade / 
Georg Simmel and avant-garde sociology : the birth of modernity, 1880-1920 / 
The care of creation : focusing  concern and action / 
Promiscuity : an evolutionary history of sperm competition / 
Creating a classroom newspaper / 
The talented Mr. Ripley / 
The perfection of nothing : reflections on spiritual practice / 
Larger than life / 
Asthma : mechanisms and protocols / 
Rumi, thief of sleep : quatrains from the Persian / 
The Eng@ged customer: the new rules of Internet direct marketing / 
Landmark essays on ESL writing / 
The essential Homer : selections from the Iliad and the Odyssey / 
Hard pressed : 600 years of prints and process / 
The Smith College Museum of Art : European and American painting and sculpture, 1760-1960 / 
Adaptation / 
Margaret Mitchell : reporter / 
Food chains and webs / 
101 more music games for children : new fun and learning with rhythm and song / 
Matrices of genre : authors, canons, and society / 
Lightning physics and lightning protection / 
The complete guide to metal boats : building, maintenance, and repair / 
Engaging unbelief : a captivating strategy from Augustine & Aquinas / 
A sea of words : a lexicon and companion for Patrick O'Brian's seafaring tales / 
Retrofuture : rediscovering our roots, recharting our routes / 
How to work a room : the ultimate guide to savvy socializing in-person & on-line / 
Science & Christianity : four views / 
The gospel to the nations : perspectives on Paul's mission : in honour of Peter T. O'Brien / 
Psychology & Christianity : with contributions by Gary R. Collins ... [et al.] / 
The J.I. Packer collection / 
Sister Wendy's American collection / 
The house of Gucci : a sensational story of murder, madness, glamour, and greed / 
e-Loyalty : how to keep customers coming back to your website / 
Unshadowed thought : representation in thought and language / 
Martin's big words : the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. / 
Bury my heart at Wounded Knee : an Indian history of the American West / 
Catherine Hayes, 1818-1861 : the Hibernian prima donna / 
The bassoon reed manual : Lou Skinner's theories and techniques / 
Acting for animators : a complete guide to performance animation / 
The teacher book : finding personal and professional balance / 
The temple of optimism / 
Jeanette Pasin Sloan / 
The other side of dawn / 
A performer's guide to medieval music / 
Extra virgin : a young woman discovers the Italian Riviera, where every month is enchanted / 
Biotechnology and culture : bodies, anxieties, ethics / 
John Ford made westerns : filming the legend in the sound era / 
Cells and life systems / 
Life cycles / 
Classification / 
The real world guide to psychotherapy practice / 
My kingdom for a horse : an anthology of poems about horses / 
Mycobacterium tuberculosis protocols / 
Building a new land : African Americans in Colonial America / 
The emperor lays an egg / 
Little Raccoon / 
Little Flower / 
Little Horse / 
Alexandra's scroll : the story of the first Hanukkah / 
Snow ponies / 
Happy in the Lord : the Beatitudes for everyday : perspectives from Orthodox spirituality / 
MSDE developers guide / 
Critical essays on Christopher Okigbo / 
Adaptive antennas for wireless communications / 
Multicultural public relations : a social-interpretive approach / 
Life in the French Foreign Legion : how to join and what to expect when you get there / 
HTML 4 Bible / 
Health intuition : a simple guide to greater well-being / 
Take the next exit : new views of the Iowa landscape / 
Nora, Nora : a novel / 
Fighting the wrong enemy : antiglobal activists and multinational enterprises / 
Patriot dreams : the murder of Colonel Rich Higgins, USMC / 
Arthur Miller's life and literature : an annotated and comprehensive guide / 
The curse of destiny : the betrayal of General George Armstrong Custer : a novel / 
Martin Luther King, Jr. : a man of peace / 
Five bold freedom fighters / 
You might be a golf nut if-- / 
Morgan's run / 
Inventing herself : claiming a feminist intellectual heritage / 
Find where the wind goes : moments from my life / 
Bleeding heart / 
The vault / 
Motherland : a novel / 
Murder in Belleville / 
New and selected poems / 
The Gateless barrier : Zen comments on the Mumonkan / 
Falling into faith : lectio divina series, cycle C / 
Be strong and courageous : letters to my children about being Christian / 
Women & guns : politics and the culture of firearms in America / 
Introduction to Japanese politics / 
The Vietnamese war : revolution and social change in the Mekong Delta, 1930-1975 / 
Asian security handbook 2000 / 
Don't cry past Tuesday : hopeful words for difficult days / 
Making the church work : converting the church for the 21st century / 
Reading Mark : a literary and theological commentary on the second Gospel/ 
The radical stories of Jesus : interpreting the parables today / 
Self-esteem : gift from God / 
Walking the leadership highway without becoming roadkill / 
Taking your camera to Italy / 
The travels of Samuel de Champlain / 
Taking your camera to Spain / 
The travels of John and Sebastian Cabot / 
Taking your camera to Egypt / 
Mechanics of deformable solids : linear, nonlinear, analytical, and computational aspects / 
The sun from space / 
Geomatic methods for the analysis of data in the earth sciences / 
Profinite groups / 
Numerical bifurcation analysis for reaction-diffusion equations / 
Traffic and granular flow '99 : social, traffic, and granular dynamics / 
Life in the cold : Eleventh International Hibernation Symposium / 
Web of life : folklore and midrash in rabbinic literature / 
Art as a social system / 
World spectators / 
Remnants of song : trauma and the experience of modernity in Charles Baudelaire and Paul Celan / 
The fortunes of the humanities: thoughts for after the year 2000 / 
Nietzsche and the philology of the future / 
Critics not caretakers : redescribing the public study of religion / 
Beyond liberalism and communitarianism : studies in Hegel's Philosophy of right / 
A Friend among the Senecas : the Quaker mission to Cornplanter's people / 
Can snakes crawl backward? : questions and answers about reptiles / 
Clothes and crafts in the Middle Ages / 
The darkest corner / 
Things seen in the desert / 
21st century gay / 
Walkin' the line : a journey from past to present along the Mason-Dixon / 
30 minute Indian : cook modern Indian recipes in 30 minutes or less / 
First and second Samuel / 
Criminal behavior / 
Robert E. Speer : prophet of the American church / 
Images of schoolteachers in America / 
The imp of the mind : exploring the silent epidemic of obsessive bad thoughts / 
Freely give : evangelization and the new church / 
Readings on Cyrano de Bergerac / 
Many stones / 
Arguing the world : the New York intellectuals in their own words / 
The Araboolies of Liberty Street / 
Pugdog / 
Dictionary of American history : from 1763 to the present / 
Faust. Part I / 
Dinosaur eggs / 
Math rashes and other classroom tales / 
A step from heaven / 
Luke / 
Antarctica : a guide to the wildlife / 
Fiber and your health / 
Astronomy for all ages : discovering the universe through activities for children and adults / 
The evolution of monetary policy strategies in Europe / 
Science teacher education : an international perspective / 
Switched-current signal processing and A/D conversion circuits : design and implementation / 
The redox state and circadian rhythms / 
Nuclear physical methods in radioecological investigations of nuclear test sites / 
Graph theory for programmers : algorithms for processing trees / 
The Warsaw Convention annotated : a legal handbook / 
Guide to the WTO and developing countries / 
Arrhythmias and sudden death in athletes / 
The effects of early adversity on neurobehavioral development / 
The economics of the apprenticeship system / 
Dance! / 
Persian mirrors : the elusive face of Iran / 
Managing crisis : presidential disability and the twenty-fifth amendment / 
Time and intimacy : a new science of personal relationships / 
Africa & Madagascar : total eclipse 2001 & 2002 / 
Atom / 
Mauve & murder / 
Juno & Juliet : a novel / 
Real stories for the soul / 
To send a dove : one woman's triumph over breast cancer / 
Oprah Winfrey : success with an open heart / 
Techies unite! : featuring Helen, sweetheart of the Internet / 
Plurigenera of surface singularities / 
Anger, aggression, and violence : an interdisciplinary approach / 
This day in American history / 
The bean book / 
Mythical beasts : traditions and tales of favorite fabled creatures / 
Two walk the golden road / 
Japanese aircraft interiors, 1940-1945 / 
Grammar wars : 179 games and improvs for learning language arts / 
Theateraufsätze / 
Action research for teachers : traveling the yellow brick road / 
The collected poems / 
Design of reinforced masonry structures / 
Bernard of Clairvaux's broad impact on medieval culture / 
Spinal manipulation made simple : a manual of soft tissue techniques / 
Labored relations : law, politics, and the NLRB--a memoir / 
Flying Black Ponies : the Navy's close air support squadron in Vietnam / 
Primary neurologic care / 
Writing partnerships : service-learning in composition / 
More real stories for the soul / 
Marmion Wilme Savage, 1804-1872--Dublin's Victorian satirist / 
Implications for teacher education--cross-ethnic and cross-racial dynamics of instructions / 
French, an accomodating language? = Le français, langue d'accueil? / 
Optimal recovery of analytic functions / 
Introduction to non-linear kinetics in heterogeneous catalysis / 
Multiplication objects in monoidal categories / 
Language and society in a changing Italy / 
Language learners as ethnographers / 
Pale bird, spouting fire / 
Soul among lions : the cougar as peaceful adversary / 
Tablesaw : methods of work / 
Servant of the dragon / 
White as snow / 
Tom Taylor's Civil War / 
The Bakke case : race, education, and affirmative action / 
God, science, and humility : ten scientists consider humility theology / 
Flag burning and free speech : the case of Texas v. Johnson / 
Kaon physics / 
A guide to Chicago's murals / 
Short stories, five decades / 
Europe's inner demons : the demonization of Christians in medieval Christendom / 
Spirituality and social ethics in John Calvin : a pneumatological perspective / 
International higher education systems / 
Schrödinger's cat & the golden bough : reflections on science, mythology, and magic / 
Human rights in Africa : the conflict of implementation / 
The secrets of phoenix-eye fist Kung fu : the art of chuka shaolin / 
A purview of Wesley's theology / 
Walk two moons / 
Robert Ludlum's The Hades factor / 
Strudel stories / 
The secret life of Amanda K. Woods / 
Me and Rupert Goody / 
Handbook of microbiological quality control : pharmaceuticals and medical devices / 
Instrumentation fundamentals for process control/ 
Simple Buddhism : a guide to enlightened living / 
The book of tea / 
Land of the Giants : New York's Polo Grounds / 
Forgotten conquests : rereading New World history from the margins / 
Before Roe : abortion policy in the states / 
Exiled memories : stories of Iranian diaspora / 
Yellow journalist : dispatches from Asian America / 
Influenza 1918 : the worst epidemic in American history / 
The illustrated history of the Royal Navy / 
The great book of fish : 400 recipes for fish and shellfish / 
World civilizations : the global experience / 
East Asia: a new history / 
American government : readings and cases / 
Understanding the political world : a comparative introduction to political science / 
Experimental phonetics / 
The art of teaching reading / 
Teaching and researching autonomy in language learning / 
The power of tests : a critical perspective on the uses of language tests / 
Clap and count! : action rhymes for the Jewish year / 
The reader's handbook : reading strategies for college and everyday life / 
The philosophy and practice of wildlife management / 
Caldecott connections to language arts / 
Librarianship--quo vadis? : opportunities and dangers as we face the new millennium / 
Creative collage for crafters : techniques, projects, inspirations / 
Disinfection, sterilization, and preservation / 
Qualitative method interpretations in communication studies / 
Library of Congress classification. B-BJ. Philosophy & psychology / 
Library of Congress classification. KJ-KKZ. Law of Europe / 
Energy decisions and the environment : a guide to the use of multicriteria methods / 
The contingent workforce : business and legal strategies / 
Mitochondria in pathogenesis / 
Library of Congress classification. BR-BX. Christianity. Bible / 
Heads up! / 
Binky rules / 
Environmental justice analysis : theories, methods, and practice / 
The review of Italian-American studies / 
If men could talk-- : here's what they'd say / 
Problem-oriented medical diagnosis / 
Introduction to indexing and abstracting / 
Making working wooden locks / 
Neoplastic hematopathology / 
The Sibley guide to birds / 
Sunny side up : prayers to banish the blahs and the blues / 
Schmidt delivered / 
Melissa Joan Hart / 
Antique kilims of Anatolia / 
Imaging of arthritis and related conditions : with clinical perspectives / 
Grizzly country / 
Text and concept analysis in Royal Psalms / 
European lyric folkdrama : a definition / 
From Richard Wright to Toni Morrison : ethics in modern & postmodern American narrative / 
Synergy and subversion in the second stage novels of Rosa Montero / 
Quality of life research and disabled people : ways to research in different European settings / 
Stop smoking naturally / 
For health and beauty : physical culture for Frenchwomen, 1880s-1930s / 
The Arab-African and Islamic worlds : interdisciplinary studies / 
The meaning of "works of the law" in Galatians and Romans / 
Nutrition essentials for nursing practice / 
Muscle pain : understanding its nature, diagnosis, and treatment / 
Social work and dementia : good practice and care management / 
Geronticide : killing the elderly / 
Listening to young people in school, youth work, and counselling / 
Including the person with dementia in designing and delivering care : I need to be me! / 
Legal concepts and issues in emergency care / 
Dancing shrimp : favorite Thai recipes for seafood / 
Details at ten / 
Teens can make it happen : nine steps to success / 
Beulah Hill / 
Wow the Dow! : the complete guide to teaching your kids how to invest in the stock market / 
Common skin disorders / 
Organization development and change / 
Essentials of Organization development and change / 
Lewis Carroll / 
Kids' funniest knock-knocks / 
The art of intarsia : projects & patterns / 
Tips & tricks for junior detectives / 
Totally terrific jokes / 
The little giant encyclopedia of runes / 
Wolf man's maker : memoir of a Hollywood writer / 
Historical dictionary of Hegelian philosophy / 
Historical dictionary of Laos / 
Molecular quantum similarity in QSAR and drug design / 
Molecular interactions of actin / 
Leaving Japan : observations on the dysfunctional U.S.-Japan relationship / 
The U.S. nursing home industry / 
The Stanley complete step-by-step revised book of home repair and improvement / 
Guess again : short stories / 
Lincoln at home : two glimpses of Abraham Lincoln's family life / 
The mile high club / 
Inside out : relating garden and house / 
An ethics of place : radical ecology, postmodernity, and social theory / 
A Blue Dog Christmas / 
Geography, environment and development in the Mediterranean / 
Through Australian eyes : colonial perceptions of imperial Britain / 
Scholastic dinosaurs A-Z : the ultimate dinosaur encyclopedia / 
Selected papers on upconversion lasers / 
Freedom's daughters : the unsung heroines of the civil rights movement from 1830 to 1970 / 
Case of the breaking story / 
The mystery of meteors : poems / 
Taking your camera to Panama / 
Taking your camera to Australia / 
The travels of Vasco da Gama / 
Stars and constellations / 
Toucans / 
The sun / 
The Milky Way and other galaxies / 
The living pond : water gardens with fish & other creatures / 
Brain hypothermia : pathology, pharmacology, and treatment of severe brain injury / 
Anza-Borrego A to Z : people, places, and things / 
Escape from the Vikings / 
Hollywood dating blunders : rules, questions, baggage & warning signs to avoid the bloopers / 
Married to laughter : a love story featuring Anne Meara / 
Viva Mexico! Viva la independencia! : celebrations of September 16 / 
The athletic trainer's guide to strength and endurance training / 
Is my child overtired? : the sleep solution for raising happier, healthier children / 
50 simple ways to pamper your dog / 
The evolution of human societies : from foraging group to agrarian state / 
Ants / 
Cantinflas and the chaos of Mexican modernity / 
Century 21 computer applications & keyboarding / 
Higher level phylogenetics of erigonine spiders (Araneae, Linyphiidae, Erigoninae) / 
The lawyer's guide to Internet research / 
Why believe? : foundations of Catholic theology / 
The experimental Arabic novel : postcolonial literary modernism in the Levant / 
Ischemic blood flow in the brain / 
L'esprit en mouvement : essai sur la dynamique cognitive / 
The manual of unarmed self-defense / 
The professional gambler's handbook: beating the system by hook and by crook/ 
Argument realization / 
Clinical bacteriology, mycology, and parisitology : an illustrated colour text / 
Radiology for the MRCP / 
The making of modern Japan / 
Computational fluid dynamics in industrial combustion / 
Points of view : stories of psychopathology / 
Keys to mortgage financing and refinancing / 
Barron's quick help with troublesome words & phrases / 
Reel spirituality : theology and film in dialogue / 
Heinrich von Kleist und die Aufklärung / 
The Renaissance / 
Prehistory / 
Ancient Greece / 
Ancient Egypt / 
Robert Boyle, 1627-91 : scrupulosity and science / 
500,000 azaleas : the selected poems of Efraín Huerta / 
The practical methodology of forensic photography / 
P'nei Shabbat : the Shabbat family siddur / 
Great political wit : laughing (almost) all the way to the White House / 
Keys to purchasing a condo or a co-op / 
Kiss good night / 
Second choices / 
The German shepherd dog handbook / 
Environmentalism in landscape architecture / 
The origins of Mark : the Markan community in current debate / 
The Bible in Africa : transactions, trajectories, and trends / 
Applied crime analysis / 
Hit & run! : how to beat blackjack as a way of life / 
Barron's pass key to the GED high school equivalency examination / 
How to prepare for the GED high school equivalency exam / 
How to prepare for the graduate management admission test : Barron's GMAT/ 
Women, nationalism, and the romantic stage : theatre and politics in Britain, 1780-1800 / 
Seeds : the ecology of regeneration in plant communities / 
Cell wall deficient forms : stealth pathogens / 
Board stiff too : preparing for the anesthesia orals / 
Drug-induced ocular side effects / 
The incredible journey to the depths of the ocean / 
The incredible journey through the human body / 
Empty cradle / 
Felix feels better / 
Wow, it's Worm! / 
The man who wore all his clothes / 
Two homes / 
Literary magazines and British Romanticism / 
Virginia Woolf and the visible world / 
British theatre between the wars, 1918-1939 / 
The honk and holler opening soon  / 
Kansas troubles : a Benni Harper mystery / 
Red, white, and blue murder : a Hilda Johansson mystery / 
The biology of disease / 
The language of word meaning / 
Helmuth von Moltke and the origins of the First World War / 
A concise history of Hungary / 
Sea turtles / 
An introduction to close binary stars / 
The motion of bubbles and drops in reduced gravity / 
Structure and bonding in crystalline materials / 
Parasitism : the diversity and ecology of animal parasites / 
The global bankers / 
Christian contradictions : the structures of Lutheran and Catholic thought / 
Reflection without rules : economic methodology and contemporary science theory / 
Dynamic competition and public policy : technology, innovation, and antitrust issues / 
Mao's war against nature : politics and the environment in Revolutionary China / 
Multimedia learning / 
Handbook of therapeutic imagery techniques / 
Sources on the Alans : a critical compilation / 
A Phoenician-Punic grammar / 
Barry Commoner's contribution to the environmental movement : science and social action / 
Complicated grieving and bereavement : understanding and treating people experiencing loss / 
High temperature properties and thermal decomposition of inorganic salts with oxyanions / 
The behavior of glass and other materials exposed to fire / 
Evacuation from fires / 
Computer applications in fire protection engineering / 
Special problems in fire protection engineering / 
Sustainable management of soil organic matter / 
Reinventing acupuncture : a new concept of ancient medicine / 
Exploring Harry Potter / 
Looking for Mies / 
Bennett's ophthalmic prescription work / 
The 85 ways to tie a tie : the science and aesthetics  of tie knots / 
Ribbing him rightly : the ministry of the Christian wife / 
Shakespeare on golf : such time-beguiling sport / 
Practical intensive care medicine : problem solving in the ICU / 
La historia de la Navidad / 
La historia del día de acción de gracias / 
La historia de Noé / 
La historia de los Diez mandamientos / 
Honest doubt / 
Worlds apart : race in the modern period / 
Directory of congressional voting scores and interest group ratings / 
1500 / 
Isabel, Ferdinand and fifteenth-century Spain / 
The Civil War / 
The Phoenicians / 
Rival enlightenments : civil and metaphysical philosophy in early modern Germany / 
Ancient epistolary fictions : the letter in Greek literature / 
Risk stratification : a practical guide for clinicians / 
New cosmic horizons : space astronomy from the V2 to the Hubble Space Telescope / 
Intermittency in turbulent flows / 
Hidden unity in nature's laws / 
Catalyst design : optimal distribution of catalyst in pellets, reactors, and membranes / 
Air-sea interaction : laws and mechanisms / 
The spider weaver : a legend of kente cloth / 
The great Gracie chase / 
Developing translation competence / 
The dynamics of church finance / 
The cunning of unreason : making sense of politics / 
The spiritual quest : pursuing Christian maturity / 
Mad men and Medusas : reclaiming hysteria / 
Evangelical futures : a conversation on theological method / 
How I came into my inheritance : and other true stories / 
The clothes they stood up in / 
Voices in our blood : America's best on the civil rights movement / 
The Berenstain Bears dollars and sense / 
Death benefits : a novel / 
The Glass Palace : a novel / 
Improving student achievement : what state NAEP test scores tell us / 
Einstein's brainchild : relativity made relatively easy! / 
The hunting horse : the truth behind the Jonathan Pollard spy case / 
The TUC : from the general strike to new unionism / 
The challenge of health sector reform : what must governments do? / 
European integration : scope and limits / 
The Japanese economy reconsidered / 
Elections in Britain : a voter's guide / 
Nobility, land and service in medieval Hungary / 
Reading images / 
Histories of the future : studies in fact, fantasy and science fiction / 
Kipling's imperial boy : adolescence and cultural hybridity / 
Katherine Mansfield : a literary life / 
Wordsworth : a poet's history / 
Dickens and the children of empire / 
Shakespeare : the tragedies / 
War : past, present, and future / 
Early modern metaphysical literature : nature, custom, and strange desires / 
Cultural goods and the limits of the market / 
A treatise on many-valued logics / 
Target earth  / 
Broken Feather / 
Prom night : youth, schools, and popular culture / 
Community theatre : global perspectives / 
The Enlightenment / 
Critical psychology : voices for change / 
The challenge of German culture : essays presented to Wilfried van der Will / 
Law and justice in China's new marketplace / 
National identities and travel in Victorian Britain / 
Stalinist reconstruction and the confirmation of a new elite, 1945-1953 / 
The EU's enlargement and Mediterranean strategies : a comparative analysis / 
Christopher Marlowe : a literary life / 
Rethinking European order : West European responses, 1989-97 / 
The origins of left-libertarianism : an anthology of historical writings / 
The autonomy of literature / 
Women and the word : contemporary women novelists and the Bible / 
Someday we'll have very good manners / 
Depression, the secret war : one person's dark poetry composed from adolescent to adult / 
Esthetic implant dentistry : soft and hard tissue management / 
Cuando voy a chapalear en la laguna / 
Cuando voy a explorar una caverna / 
Cuando voy a pasear al mar / 
Cuando voy a escalar una montaña / 
Cuando voy a pasear al desierto / 
Cuando voy a pasear al bosque / 
Carrera de barril / 
La directora de la escuela / 
Los guardianes de la escuela / 
El chofer del autobús escolar / 
Las bibliotecarias / 
Cómo hacerse parte del rodeo / 
Enlace en el rodeo / 
Lucha con novillos / 
Monta en silla y a pelo / 
Las serpientes y nosotros / 
Cuando las serpientes van a cazar / 
El interesante mundo de las serpientes / 
La vida secreta de las serpientes / 
Serpientes venenosas / 
Serpientes que atrapan y estrujan / 
Monta de toro y toreo / 
Hark! The aardvark angels sing : a story of Christmas mail / 
The scariest monster in the whole wide world / 
Leonardo's horse / 
Color atlas and synopsis of sexually transmitted diseases / 
The scene of my selves : new work on New York School poets / 
Trackside under Pennsy wires with James P. Shuman / 
Louisville & Nashville color guide to freight and passenger equipment / 
N de M in color / 
Jersey Central steam in color / 
New York harbor railroads in color / 
Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad in color / 
Trackside on the PRR north of Washington with Wayne Sherwin / 
The Frankenfield family in America beginning 24 August 1749 / 
Preventive medicine and public health : PreTest self-assessment and review / 
Garlic kisses : human struggles with garlic connections / 
Representations of education in literature / 
Buying books : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians / 
Selecting and managing electronic resources : a how-to-do-it manual / 
Children who remember previous lives : a question of reincarnation / 
Readings in development microeconomics / 
Dodge Challenger & Plymouth Barracuda / 
Mosby's CEN examination review / 
Women photographers at National Geographic / 
The magnet effect / 
The interactive marketplace / 
Extreme A-Z : find it in the Bible / 
XML and SOAP programming for BizTalk servers / 
Ordering anarchy : international law in international society / 
Martha to the max! : balanced living for perfectionists / 
The ethics of terminal care : orchestrating the end of life / 
Ethics and organizations : understanding business ethics as a learning process / 
Handbook of poultry feed from waste : processing and use / 
Imperceptible harms and benefits / 
Common waveform analysis : a new and practical generalization of Fourier analysis / 
Adaptive 3D sound systems / 
From Dirac to neutrino oscillations / 
Semantic models for multimedia database searching and browsing / 
Molecular mimicry, microbes, and autoimmunity / 
Caught in the crack : encounters with the Jewish Muslims of Turkey : a spiritual travelogue / 
Creating foundations for American schools / 
Supervision in education : a differentiated approach with legal perspectives / 
Behaving badly : aversive behaviors in interpersonal relationships / 
Emotions in the practice of psychotherapy : clinical implications of affect theories / 
Biological safety : principles and practices / 
The mathematics of soap films : explorations with Maple / 
Cyberwar 3.0 : human factors in information operations and future conflict / 
Pink flamingos / 
Personalities : master clinicians confront the treatment of borderline personality disorders / 
Use of the telephone in psychotherapy / 
Community organizing and development / 
Developmental play therapy in clinical social work / 
To the elephant graveyard / 
Either way, I win : God's hope for difficult times / 
A prayerbook for husbands and wives : partners in prayer / 
Scolding the snakes : and 58 other kids sermons from the Gospel of Luke / 
Just a click away : advertising on the Internet / 
Supervision and instructional leadership : a developmental approach / 
Human service : concepts and intervention strategies / 
The ethics of professional practice / 
International economics / 
Hard language : short stories / 
Principles of risk management and insurance / 
Escape from domination in Africa : political disengagement & its consequences / 
Treating adult and juvenile offenders with special needs / 
How to undress a cop : poems / 
Debugging Windows programs : strategies, tools, and techniques for Visual C++ programmers / 
Green chemical syntheses and processes / 
Valuing specific assets in divorce / 
Men and the emergence of polite society, Britain, 1660-1800 / 
TM : trademarks designed by Chermayeff & Geismar / 
The biogeochemistry of the Amazon Basin / 
Collaborative advantage : winning through their extended enterprise supplier networks / 
Coping with stress : effective people and processes / 
Church history : twenty centuries of Catholic Christianity / 
Complete book of drills for winning football / 
Popular American literature of the 19th century / 
Anthology of twentieth-century British and Irish poetry / 
The Oxford desk dictionary of people and places / 
Chasing shadows : confronting juvenile violence in America / 
Environmental crises : geographical case studies in post-socialist Eurasia / 
Semiconductor manufacturing technology / 
Improving business communication skills / 
Business communication with writing improvement exercises / 
The essence of computer graphics / 
Transition in crusader Valencia : years of triumph, years of war, 1264-1270 / 
Angelina and Alice / 
Angelina on stage / 
Hablando seriamente : textos y pretextos para conversar y discutir / 
Linux network administrator's guide / 
CGI programming with Perl / 
Angelina ice skates / 
Graphic design & production technology / 
The Prentice Hall office administrator's deskbook / 
Introduction to animal science / 
The biblical ciphers unsealed : a revival of the Hebrew goddess / 
Murder, magic, and medicine / 
ADHD : attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adults / 
Stand firm ye boys from Maine : the 20th Maine and the Gettysburg Campaign / 
Stroke prevention / 
Heartbreaker / 
Queen Victoria and Thomas Sully / 
Agricultural economics  / 
The musical classroom : backgrounds, models, and skills for elementary teaching / 
Elementary real analysis / 
Peoples and cultures of the Middle East / 
Star trek. Preserver / 
Computers / 
Computers / 
Digital design : principles and practices / 
Labyrinth / 
Principles of physical chemistry / 
Freddy and the Bean Home News / 
3D studio MAX in motion : basics using release 3.1 / 
Building strategies for college reading : a text with thematic reader / 
The De malo of Thomas Aquinas : with facing-page translation by Richard Regan / 
Encyclopedia of AIDS : a social, political, cultural, and scientific record of the HIV epidemic / 
Ankiza / 
Assessment in early childhood education / 
The kid who invented the trampoline : more surprising stories about inventions / 
Primetime blues : African Americans on network television / 
Small Brown Dog's bad remembering day / 
Island of the aunts / 
A half acre of hell : a combat nurse in WW II / 
The mystery of the aleph : mathematics, the Kabbalah, and the search for infinity / 
Shelley shock / 
The heir / 
The Congress of Vienna : a study in allied unity, 1812-1822 / 
Well of darkness / 
The sheltering sky / 
Caught in the act / 
Artemisia : a novel / 
Fire & roses : the burning of the Charlestown convent, 1834 / 
The plainswoman / 
Searching for a pastor the Presbyterian way : a roadmap for pastor nominating committees / 
Fire up your life! : with a wise man, a mentor and an angel / 
Choices for the high school graduate : a survival guide for the information age / 
Help yourself : celebrating the rewards of resilience and gratitude / 
The big book of Presbyterian stewardship / 
Exquisite desire : religion, the erotic, and the Song of songs / 
Assyrian and Babylonian chronicles / 
Power geometry in algebraic and differential equations / 
Compass & map navigator : the complete guide to staying found / 
Arguing about asylum : the complexity of refugee debates in Europe / 
Constructing regional security : the role of arms transfers, arms control, and reassurance / 
Don Weekes' all-star hockey challenge : play the game and win! / 
Canon and proclamation : sermons for our times / 
Eschatology / 
Listening to the spirit in the text / 
Religion, pluralism, and public life Abraham Kuyper's legacy for the twenty-first century / 
The child in Christian thought / 
The other six days : vocation, work, and ministry in biblical perspective / 
Trinity, time, and church : a response to the theology of Robert W. Jenson / 
At the origins of Christian worship : the context and character of earliest Christian devotion / 
Capital mobility, exchange rates, and economic crises / 
Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch stole Christmas / 
Bargains in the real world : thirteen stories / 
The explorers : stories of discovery and adventure from the Australian frontier / 
The new scriptwriter's journal / 
The Lady & Sons, too! : a whole new batch of recipes from Savannah / 
The Junior League celebration cookbook / 
Cooking with heart & soul / 
Multilevel methods in lubrication / 
Death to dust : what happens to dead bodies? / 
Deserts / 
Wetlands / 
Zapotec hieroglyphic writing / 
Awareness to citizenship : environmental literacy for the elementary child / 
From Emancipation to catastrophe : the rise and Holocaust of Hungarian Jewry / 
GIS : a sourcebook for schools / 
Good Friday / 
When oracles speak : understanding the signs & symbols all around us / 
The Irish in Australia : 1788 to the present / 
The transforming image : painted arts of Northwest Coast First Nations / 
Born in the Delta : reflections on the making of a Southern white sensibility / 
Images of plague and pestilence : iconography and iconology / 
The alphabet of the trees : a guide to nature writing / 
The antiquities of Wisconsin, as surveyed and described / 
God is dog spelled backwards / 
Messages from Frank's Landing : a story of salmon, treaties, and the Indian way / 
The Reform Judaism reader : North American documents / 
Therapy through drama : the fictional family   / 
The beginnings of philosophy in Greece / 
Inter-civilizational relations and the destiny of the West : dialogue or confrontation? / 
Guáman Poma : writing and resistance in colonial Peru / 
La Gran Línea : mapping the United States-Mexico boundary, 1849-1857 / 
Women filmmakers in Mexico : the country of which we dream / 
Struggle for mastery : disfranchisement in the South, 1888-1908 / 
Much more than a game : players, owners, & American baseball since 1921 / 
Clarence Major and his art : portraits of an African American postmodernist / 
Finding one's place : teaching styles and peer relations in diverse classrooms / 
What counts as literacy : challenging the school standard / 
"Why fly that way?" : linking community and academic achievement / 
New York Rangers : seventy-five years / 
Chicago Blackhawks : seventy-five years / 
Kite strings of the Southern Cross : a woman's travel odyssey / 
Take me with you : a round-the-world journey to invite a stranger home / 
Time, history, and belief in Aztec and Colonial Mexico / 
Dinner with friends : a play / 
Canyons of the Southwest : a tour of the great canyon country from Colorado to northern Mexico / 
Travelers' Tale[s], Greece : true stories / 
Pilgrimage : adventures of the spirit / 
Proclaiming the scandal : reflections on postmodern ministry / 
Images of the feminine in Gnosticism / 
Reflecting Narcissus : a queer aesthetic / 
Fox at the wood's edge : a biography of Loren Eiseley / 
We who live apart : stories / 
The decipherment of ancient Maya writing / 
Geoarchaeology in the Great Plains / 
Risk aspects of investment-based social security reform / 
Behavioral and distributional effects of environmental policy / 
Advancing sisterhood? : interracial friendships in contemporary southern fiction / 
Land & allegiance in revolutionary Georgia / 
Being interior : autobiography and the contradictions of modernity in seventeenth-century France / 
The female circumcision controversy : an anthropological perspective / 
An unsettled conquest : the British campaign against the peoples of Acadia / 
The Civil War at sea / 
Air raid : bombing campaigns of World War II / 
Silent death : the threat of chemical and biological terrorism / 
Birthday blessings / 
Answers to your kids' questions / 
Supplies / 
My cat saved my life / 
The mystery of time : humanity's quest for order and measure / 
Financial policy and central banking in Japan / 
Satellite communications regulations in the early 21st century : changes for a new era / 
Boston riots : three centuries of social violence / 
Heaven on earth : meditations and reflections / 
A child's garden of prayers : a collection of classic prayers & timeless blessings / 
Wireless telecom FAQs / 
Musical structures in Wagnerian opera / 
Alice Walker in the classroom : "living by the word" / 
Cinema and national identity in a divided Germany, 1979-1989 : the split screen / 
Trompe l'oeil murals using stencils / 
Tales from the couch : writers on talk therapy / 
Microsoft Windows 2000 security technical reference / 
The 25 greatest baseball teams of the 20th century ranked / 
Forest management : to sustain ecological, economic, and social values / 
Cases in special education / 
Music industry economics : a global demand model for pre-recorded music / 
The rhetoric and reality of mass education in Mao's China / 
Inclusive educational administration : a case study approach / 
Points of view : readings in American government and politics / 
Camaro / 
Appleton & Lange's review of pharmacy / 
Renal physiology / 
International and uniform plumbing codes handbook / 
Enduring treasures : 
ASME B31.3--Process piping : covering the 1999 code edition / 
Too Smart Jones and the spooky mansion : 
Too Smart Jones and the mysterious artist : 
The faith of a child : a step-by-step guide to salvation for your child / 
Edgar Rice Burroughs : creator of Tarzan / 
Successful research papers in 12 easy steps / 
Selected poems and prose of Paul Celan / 
Space mission patches / 
The virtual community : homesteading on the electronic frontier / 
Injury and poisoning episodes and conditions : National Health Interview Survey, 1997 / 
Dodge Dart & Plymouth Duster / 
Nationalizing science : Adolphe Wurtz and the battle for French chemistry / 
Art and the empire city : New York, 1825-1861 / 
A diplomat's lady in Brazil : selections from the diary of Mary Robinson Hunter, 1834-1848 / 
A manual of house monsters II / 
Earth cycles / 
Cosmic dispatches : the New York Times reports on astronomy and cosmology / 
I of the vortex : from neurons to self / 
Anton Chekhov : a life / 
The Paris Air Show / 
Military aircraft boneyards / 
Olympic battleground : the power politics of timber preservation / 
Born in blood and fire : a concise history of Latin America / 
Women writers of Meiji and Taishō Japan : their lives, works, and critical reception, 1868-1926 / 
The summer solstice / 
Psychiatry : PreTest self-assessment and review / 
The electronic day trader / 
We were here : a short history of time capsules / 
The firing on Fort Sumter : a splintered nation goes to war / 
John Bogle on investing : the first 50 years / 
Matthew : God with us / 
What can you do? : a book about discovering what you do well / 
Methods for teaching science as inquiry / 
Andruw Jones : love that glove / 
Galen Rowell's inner game of outdoor photography / 
Activities for Teaching science as inquiry / 
The wandering Jews / 
The esperpento tradition in the works of Ramón del Valle-Inclán and Luis Buñuel / 
George Mackay Brown-- a survey of his work and a full bibliography / 
Faith at work : overcoming the obstacles to being like Christ in the workplace / 
Disguised as a poem : my years teaching poetry at San Quentin / 
The first-year teacher : teaching with confidence (K-8) / 
The history of Saudi Arabia / 
The recreation and entertainment industries : an information sourcebook / 
Think African : the changing African mind and personality today / 
Spontaneous performance : acting through improv / 
How I celebrate / 
Poetry : an introduction / 
Emergencies of the head and neck / 
Cost effective college  : creative ways to pay for college and stay out of debt / 
The awakening and other stories / 
Christmas abundance : a simple guide to discovering the true meaning of Christmas / 
Minimally invasive cancer management / 
Mandibular growth anomalies : terminology, aetiology, diagnosis, treatment / 
Complex analysis / 
Galois theory / 
Information dynamics : foundations and applications / 
International business : cultural sourcebook and cases / 
Growth curve models and statistical diagnostics / 
Stochastic epidemic models and their statistical analysis / 
Robust Bayesian analysis / 
Rational homotopy theory / 
Chicken egg yolk antibodies, production and, application : IgY-Technology / 
Topics in multidimensional linear systems theory / 
Statistics of random processes / 
Statics of rods / 
Microwave resonators and filters for wireless communication : theory, design, and application / 
Electronic conduction in oxides / 
Se me cayó un diente! / 
No me gusta mi moño / 
A child's good night prayer / 
Ten little bunnies / 
The Trumps : three generations that built an empire / 
LASIK complications : prevention and management / 
Muscular analysis of everyday activities / 
Cuts no slack / 
Hierarchical nonlinear switching control design with applications to propulsion systems / 
Color image processing and applications / 
George Green : mathematician & physicist, 1793-1841 : the background to his life and work / 
Follow the lemming / 
The other side of nothingness : toward a theology of radical openness / 
The travels of Juan Ponce de León / 
The travels of Sieur de La Salle / 
The travels of Francisco de Coronado / 
Girl in Blue / 
Fac̨ades / 
Picture-perfect Tommy / 
My favorite letters / 
Stiff upper lip, Jeeves / 
How right you are, Jeeves / 
Taking your camera to Russia / 
Witchcraft : theory and practice / 
The shadow of Ulysses : public intellectual exchange across the U.S.-Mexican border / 
Introduction to exercise science / 
Literacies and technologies : a reader for contemporary writers / 
The role of natural products in drug discovery / 
Relativistic quantum mechanics : wave equations / 
Plasma kinetics in atmospheric gases / 
The breach : inside the impeachment and trial of William Jefferson Clinton / 
Handbook of tests and measurement in education and the social sciences / 
A feathered family : nature notes from a woodland studio / 
Alternative principles of economics / 
Pocket guide to home care standards : 
In good company : the fast track from the corporate world to poverty, chastity, and obedience / 
Vision rehabilitation : assessment, intervention, and outcomes / 
Storey's guide to raising rabbits / 
Mathematics of multidimensional seismic imaging, migration, and inversion / 
Dynamic modeling / 
Annotated readings in the history of statistics / 
Glued to the tube : the threat of television addiction to today's family / 
Surviving male menopause : a guide for women and men / 
101 myths of the Bible : how ancient scribes invented biblical history / 
The world's greatest proposals : 75 stories of love, creativity, and spontaneity / 
The Quotable cat : a collection of quotes, facts and lore for feline fanciers / 
How to buy a diamond : insider secrets for getting your money's worth / 
La Valse & Foreign / 
Syncretism : the religious context of Christian beginnings in Korea / 
What matters most : the power of living your values / 
Picture perfect / 
Residential property appraisal / 
Swedenborg and new paradigm science / 
Songs of spiritual experience : Tibetan Buddhist poems of insight and awakening / 
Dramatizando tres cuentos clásicos : los cuentos para contrar y actuar / 
A brief history of everything / 
The pocket Rumi reader / 
To be human / 
Robert Kennedy : his life / 
The family butterfly book : discover the joy of attracting, raising & nurturing butterflies / 
All you need to know about the music business / 
Desert summits : a climbing & hiking guide to California and southern Nevada / 
Bertie Wooster sees it through / 
Cryptosporidium parvum viability assay / 
Mrs. Shakespeare : the complete works : a novel / 
The Nobel prize : a history of genius, controversy, and prestige / 
Glycosyl hydrolases for biomass conversion / 
Assessing site significance : a guide for archaeologists and historians / 
Playing with light : a novel / 
Adrift : the Cuban raft people / 
Freemasonry exposition : exposition & illustration of freemasonry / 
Manet : the still-life paintings / 
The animal/human bond : a cultural survey / 
Communication : principles for a lifetime / 
The project management workshop / 
John Shaw's nature photography field guide / 
Managing business risk : an organization-wide approach to risk management / 
Mort Walker's private scrapbook : 
Earl Mindell's arthritis / 
Unsung : a history of women in American music / 
Henry Bear's Christmas / 
Clever Beatrice : an Upper Peninsula conte / 
How hungry are you? / 
With love, Little Red Hen / 
No dogs allowed! / 
The Methodist experience in America / 
The unabridged journals of Sylvia Plath, 1950-1962 / 
Designing a school library media center for the future / 
Four blondes / 
Optical signal processing, computing, and neural networks / 
The law and practice of the United Nations / 
Diversity in family formation : the 2nd demographic transition in Belgium and the Netherlands / 
Perspectives on school algebra / 
Web work : information seeking and knowledge work on the World Wide Web / 
Bioremediation / 
Sustainable Venice : suggestions for the future / 
Solving fly-casting problems / 
Rapid access guide to Internal medicine / 
McGlamry's comprehensive textbook of foot and ankle surgery / 
Essential pathology / 
Chanson : the French singer-songwriter from Aristide Bruant to the present day / 
Contemporary Greece and Europe / 
1,003 great things about teachers / 
Legitimacy deficit in custom : a deconstructionist critique / 
The nurse apprentice, 1860-1977 / 
Aviation trends in the new millennium / 
Atlas of pediatric orthopaedic surgery / 
Byron's poetic experimentation : Childe Harold, the tales, and the quest for comedy / 
Arthur Conan Doyle and the meaning of masculinity / 
Careers in anthropology : profiles of practitioner anthropologists / 
Fifth International Conference on Foundations of Computer-Aided Process Design / 
Ideas and contexts in France and England from the Renaissance to the romantics / 
Milton and modernity : politics, masculinity, and Paradise lost / 
How to study Chaucer / 
Management in Eastern Europe / 
The later Reformation in England, 1547-1603 / 
A history of Ireland / 
How to study Romantic poetry / 
New woman fiction : women writing first-wave feminism / 
Crisis and consensus in British politics : from Bagehot to Blair / 
Bank mergers : lessons for the future / 
Marxism, the millennium and beyond / 
The politics of change : globalization, ideology, and critique / 
Contending images of world politics / 
Shakespeare, feminism and gender / 
Chaucer to Shakespeare, 1337-1580 / 
Victorian Gothic : literary and cultural manifestations in the nineteenth century / 
Rethinking Indonesia : postcolonial theory, authoritarianism, and identity / 
Evaluation of Cryptosporidium inactivation in natural waters / 
Rural poverty in Latin America / 
Security in British politics, 1945-99 / 
Trust and civil society / 
Virtue, ethics, and sociology : issues of modernity and religion / 
Gender / 
Child sexual assault : feminist perspectives / 
Managing green issues / 
Kierkegaard and freedom / 
The monetary transmission process : recent developments and lessons for Europe / 
Accountability in action : a blueprint for learning organizations / 
Sustainable development of European cities and regions / 
The peaceful settlement of international environmental disputes : a pragmatic approach / 
Particle production spanning MeV and TeV energies / 
Lattice fermions and structure of the vacuum / 
The freshwater budget of the Arctic Ocean / 
Particle physics : ideas and recent developments / 
Violence among the mentally ill : effective treatments and management strategies / 
The neutral upper atmosphere / 
Applied microbial systematics / 
Mental health : dimensions of self-esteem and emotional well-being / 
Programming the World Wide Web / 
The new professionals : the rise of network marketing as the next major profession / 
Advanced use case modeling : software systems / 
Maggie's way : observations from below your knees / 
Grammar and usage in the classroom / 
Taguchi Methods for robust design / 
Case studies in reproductive endocrinology / 
Asian American actors : oral histories from stage, screen, and television / 
Guide to America's outdoors. New England / 
A guide to historic Hamilton / 
A short guide to writing about chemistry / 
Peacemaking and democratization in the Western Hemisphere / 
Still living, still learning : meditations on moving beyond loss / 
Reading culture : contexts for critical reading and writing / 
The fall of France, 1940 / 
Pocket atlas of normal spine MRI / 
Fundamentals of periodontal instrumentation / 
Textbook of head and neck anatomy / 
Pocket atlas of normal CT anatomy of the head and brain / 
Wreath layer or policy player : the vice president's role in foreign policy / 
Integrity first : reflections of a military philosopher / 
Synagogues without Jews : and the communities that built them / 
Reference skills for the school library media specialist : tools and tips / 
Fundamentals of environmental chemistry / 
Cyberlaw : intellectual property in the digital millennium / 
Cryptosporidium viability and infectivity methods / 
The professional counselor : a process guide to helping / 
The story of the other wise man / 
Hope fulfilled for at-risk and violent youth : K-12 programs that work / 
How therapists change : personal and professional reflections / 
Computer simulation of earthquake effects : proceedings of sessions of Geo-Denver 2000 / 
The principal : creative leadership for effective schools / 
Language arts activities for the classroom / 
Model jury instructions for surety cases / 
FIFRA : Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act / 
The economics of money, banking, and financial markets / 
The most holy trinosophia and the new revelation of divine feminine / 
Babar's ABC / 
Circus train / 
Sally goes to the mountains / 
Toni's topsy-turvy telephone day / 
United States export controls / 
Veterinary acupuncture : ancient art to modern medicine / 
Ronald Reagan : his life in pictures / 
Adolescence : continuity, change, and diversity / 
Voices from the summit : 
Masters track and field : a history / 
School violence : assessment, management, prevention / 
Our country's presidents / 
Union Pacific Railroad / 
The evil we do : the psychoanalysis of destructive people / 
The Chinese / 
Chinese mythology / 
The Vietnam War / 
Fired by ideals : Arequipa pottery and the arts and crafts movement / 
Controlled release veterinary drug delivery : biological and pharmaceutical considerations / 
It's snowing / 
Milosz's ABC's / 
Father of the four passages / 
Selected essays on economic policy / 
The Kurdish conflict in Turkey : obstacles and chances for peace and democracy / 
The American thriller : generic innovation and social change in the 1970s / 
The essential sea kayaker : the complete guide for the open-water paddler / 
The winter wilderness companion : traditional native American skills for the undiscovered season / 
Communism and its collapse / 
Friendship gifts from the heart : [loving ways to celebrate & cherish friendships--old & new] / 
Simplicity marketing : end brand complexity, clutter, and confusion / 
Education as the cultivation of intelligence / 
The fortune tellers : inside Wall Street's game of money, media, and manipulation / 
Theories of mood and cognition : a users handbook / 
Children composing, 4-14 / 
Elsevier's dictionary of butterflies and moths, in Latin, English, German, French, and Italian / 
Elsevier's dictionary of plant names and their origin / 
Bad boy : a novel / 
Andrew J. Goodpaster papers, 1930-1997 : a guide / 
Beside the Genesee : a pictorial history of the University of Rochester / 
A history of English literature / 
From Agatha Christie to Ruth Rendell : British women writers in detective and crime fiction / 
English teachers : the unofficial guide : researching the philosophies of English teachers / 
The mirror : a history / 
Literature & nation : Britain and India, 1800 to 1990 / 
Across the Great Divide : cultures of manhood in the American West / 
Culture, thought, and development / 
Clash of arms : how the allies won in Normandy / 
Post-Communist Romania : coming to terms with transition / 
The "no nonsense" guide to doing business in Japan / 
Managing welfare reform in five states : the challenge of devolution / 
The roots of environmental consciousness : popular tradition and personal experience / 
Philosopher : a kind of life / 
Democratic innovation : deliberation, representation, and association / 
Economist with a public purpose : essays in honour of John Kenneth Galbraith / 
Calculation and coordination : essays on socialism and transitional political economy / 
Concepts and theories of modern democracy / 
Social relations and social exclusion : rethinking political economy / 
Neuropsychology and the Hispanic patient : a clinical handbook / 
A Gustave Flaubert encyclopedia / 
The Great Depression and the New Deal / 
Encyclopedia of American war literature / 
Rewriting the women of Camelot : Arthurian popular fiction and feminism / 
Songs of the new South : writing contemporary Louisiana / 
African American slave narratives : an anthology / 
Roots : the saga of an American family / 
Freddy the politician / 
Geriatric mental health care : a treatment guide for health professionals / 
The four faces of affirmative action : fundamental answers and actions / 
Phillips Brooks : pulpit eloquence / 
Microenterprise development for better health outcomes / 
A history of children : a socio-cultural survey across millennia / 
Economic barbarism and managerialism / 
Loneliness in later life / 
Managing the world economy / 
Green politics and neo-liberalism / 
Turkey and Central and Eastern European countries in transition : towards membership of the EU / 
Southeast Asian urbanism : the meaning and power of social space / 
The economic effects of trade unions in Japan / 
New Labour in government / 
Neuropsychology of cardiovascular disease / 
Confronting the political in international relations / 
Brain, mind, and behavior / 
Genes and proteins underlying microbial urinary tract virulence : basic aspects and applications / 
Story sparkers : a creativity guide for children's writers / 
Creating characters kids will love / 
Secrets and lies : digital security in a networked world / 
Average case analysis of algorithms on sequences / 
Sorghum : origin, history, technology, and production / 
An introduction to complex analysis / 
Black Books Galore! guide to great African American children's books about boys / 
Black Books Galore! guide to great African American children's books about girls / 
Information technologies in medicine / 
Indonesia : the challenges of World Bank involvement in forests / 
Verdi with a vengeance : an energetic guide to the life and complete works of the king of opera / 
Properties of advanced semiconductor materials : GaN, AlN, InN, BN, SiC, SiGe / 
Dictionary of pharmacoepidemiology / 
Skeletal muscle mechanics : from mechanisms to function / 
Methods in biomedical magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy / 
Biomolecular free radical toxicity : causes and prevention / 
Getting started in retirement planning / 
Essentials of nonverbal assessment / 
90 days to launch : Internet projects on time and on budget / 
International economics / 
The e-Bay phenomenon : business secrets behind the world's hottest Internet company / 
Modern electroplating / 
John Jacob Astor : America's first multimillionaire / 
The honeybee mystery / 
Country mouse cottage : how we lived one hundred years ago / 
Experimental houses / 
Calling Texas home : a lively look at what it means to be a Texan / 
Wingshooter's guide to Michigan : upland birds and waterfowl / 
The World Bank strategy for health, nutrition and population in the East Asia and Pacific Region / 
Real life is a contact sport : designing your relationship network / 
Encyclopedia of analytical chemistry : applications, theory, and instrumentation / 
Essentials of biological chemistry / 
Encyclopedia of epidemiologic methods / 
Extended surface heat transfer / 
MetaCapitalism : the e-business revolution and the design of 21st century companies and markets / 
Personality : theory and research / 
Introduction to electric circuits / 
Handbook of sport psychology / 
Getting started in online personal finance / 
Game play : therapeutic use of childhood games / 
Adult development & aging : biopsychosocial perspectives / 
Undergraduate econometrics / 
Wireless and mobile network architectures / 
The market approach to valuing businesses / 
On the purity of the art of logic : the shorter and the longer treatises / 
Life course criminology : contemporary and classic readings / 
How to change your church without killing it / 
The sociology of health, illness, and health care : a critical approach / 
Keys to great writing / 
Carrier war : aircraft carriers in World War II / 
Death investigation : a handbook for police officers / 
Artistic inquiry in dance/movement therapy : creative research alternatives / 
Electric guitars : the illustrated encyclopedia / 
The life and adventures of Henry Bibb : an American slave / 
Mongolian music, dance, & oral narrative : performing diverse identities / 
Performing action : artistry in human behavior and social research / 
Spanish colonial gold coins in the Florida collection / 
Visual perception : essential readings / 
Hope & glory : essays on the legacy of the Fifty-Fourth Massachusetts Regiment / 
Ten thousand goddam cattle : a history of the American cowboy in song, story, and verse / 
Itzaj Maya grammar / 
Opium, state, and society : China's narco-economy and the Guomindang, 1924-1937 / 
The beautiful and the dangerous : encounters with the Zuni Indians / 
With sacred threads : quilting and the spiritual life / 
Louise Brooks : a biography / 
Portable ventilation systems handbook / 
The Sibyl Cassandra : a Christmas play with the insanity and sanctity of five centuries past / 
North toward home / 
Mule deer strategies : a handbook of hunting techniques / 
The farmer's market cookbook  / 
Comet of Nostradamus : August 2004-impact! / 
Encyclopedia of Wicca & witchcraft / 
The art of prosecution : trial advocacy fundamentals from case preparation through summation / 
So very Rosemary  / 
Kregel Bible handbook : a full-color guide to every book of the Bible / 
The Kregel pictorial guide to the story of the Bible / 
Growing in the family : 8 vital relationships for the growing Christian / 
Biogeochemical approaches in paleodietary analysis / 
Many-electron densities and reduced density matrices / 
Toward consilience : the bioneurological basis of behavior, thought, experience, and language / 
Integration of membrane processes into bioconversions / 
The genocides / 
Seeing voices : a journey into the world of the deaf / 
The mark of the angel / 
Some horses : essays / 
The switch / 
Real fitness for real women : a unique workout program for the plus-size woman / 
I'd rather laugh : how to be happy even when life has other plans for you / 
To the edge : a man, death valley, and the mystery of endurance / 
Even now / 
Wish you well / 
Comanch' / 
Anil's ghost / 
Married in the sight of God : theology, ethics, and church debates over homosexuality / 
Being vegan : living with conscience, conviction, and compassion / 
The Ten commandments : timeless challenges for today / 
Each wild idea : writing, photography, history / 
A saucer of loneliness / 
Wacky plant cycles / 
Liberty for all / 
The land I'm bound to / 
Visionaries and outcasts : the NEA, Congress, and the place of the visual artist in America / 
Collected writings / 
Mae Jemison / 
On the brink : breaking through every obstacle into the glory of God / 
Roadside history of Nevada / 
Graphic design makeovers : how to redesign for maximum impact / 
A history of Christian-Muslim relations / 
A tinker's damn / 
Today's weather is-- : a book of experiments / 
What's happening? : a book of explanations / 
Ivy's journal : a trip to the Yucatán / 
Dermatopathology / 
A middle mosaic : a celebration of reading, writing, and reflective practice at the middle level / 
Take me out to the Cubs game : 35 former ballplayers speak of losing at Wrigley / 
Online travel / 
Recipe for longevity / 
Perpetuating power : how Mexican presidents were chosen / 
Jackson years / 
12 easy steps to successful research papers / 
Recognizing and rewarding employees / 
Inside IPOs : the secrets to investing in today's newest companies / 
USS Olympia : herald of empire / 
ASVAB : 
Mariama Bâ, Rigoberta Menchú, and postcolonial feminism / 
Utopic : poems / 
Chaos theory & higher education : leadership, planning, & policy / 
After full employment : European discourses on work and flexibility / 
A study of Joseph Heller's Catch-22 : going around twice / 
The concept of contagion in medicine, literature, and religion / 
Synapses / 
Tons of money / 
Nursing in today's world : challenges, issues, and trends / 
The ex situ conservation of plant genetic resources / 
The dynamics and evolution of social systems : new foundations of a mathematical sociology / 
Discovering the Chesapeake : the history of an ecosystem / 
Calcium : the molecular basis of calcium action in biology and medicine / 
Mechanisms of resistance to plant diseases / 
How small a whisper : 21 evangelistic sermons for contemporary preaching / 
The grace of giving : a biblical study of Christian stewardship / 
The clinical practice of emergency medicine / 
New trends in quantum structures / 
Social integration in the second half of life / 
Designing clinical research : an epidemiologic approach / 
Discourse formation in comparative education / 
Sino-German relations since 1800 : multidisciplinary explorations / 
The UN human rights treaty system in the 21st century / 
Food allergy relief / 
The guide to living with bladder cancer / 
The International Commission of Jurists : the pioneering years / 
Pocket guide to breastfeeding and human lactation / 
SignMates : understanding the games people play / 
In the mountains of heaven : tales of adventure on six continents / 
The science of conjecture : evidence and probability before Pascal / 
The Pediatric spine : principles and practice / 
MRI of the musculoskeletal system / 
Explaining violence against women in Canada / 
Nail surgery : a text and atlas / 
Media, education, and change / 
The law of international contracting / 
Elastic filaments of the cell / 
Textbook of gastroenterology : self-assessment review / 
The writing process : a concise rhetoric / 
Company law in the Republic Uzbekistan : basic legislation / 
Theodore and the tall ships / 
Earth's resources / 
Weather / 
Why do people live on the streets? / 
Computers / 
Pollution and conservation / 
Space / 
Volcanoes and earthquakes / 
Weather / 
Signals from space : the Chandra X-ray observatory / 
Snowboarding / 
Surfing / 
Muhammad Ali : the greatest / 
Mountain biking / 
Rocks, minerals, and fossils / 
Space travel / 
The seasons / 
Human nature after Darwin : a philosophical introduction / 
Theories of art / 
China's entry to the WTO : strategic issues and quantitative assessments / 
Employee ownership, participation, and governance : a study of ESOPs in the UK / 
Coastal systems / 
History of the mind-body problem / 
The psychology of education / 
The intellectual as stranger : studies in spokespersonship / 
Immigration and welfare : challenging the borders of the welfare state / 
Private organisations in global politics / 
The tyranny of health : doctors and the regulation of lifestyle / 
Dictionary of world philosophy / 
Lines of narrative : psychosocial perspectives / 
Crime, risk, and insecurity : law and order in everyday life and political discourse / 
Sociology and nursing / 
Passing on : kinship and inheritance in England / 
Emile Durkheim : critical assessments / 
Understanding business organisations / 
Teaching young adults : a handbook for teachers in post-compulsory education / 
Realism and racism : concepts of race in sociological research / 
Bathing--the body and community care / 
The changing face of Japanese retail : working in a chain store / 
Women, power and policy : comparative studies of childcare / 
Science for exercise and sport / 
Regulating the global information society / 
ICT : changing education / 
Ethics and the built environment / 
Gender, growth, and trade : the miracle economies of the postwar years / 
Culture and enterprise : the development, representation, and morality of business / 
Care and equality : inventing a new family politics / 
Gender and international migration in Europe : employment, welfare, and politics / 
Researching social and economic change : the uses of household panel studies / 
Global financial crises and reforms : cases and caveats / 
Trans-nationalism and the politics of belonging / 
The medicine line : life and death on a North American borderland / 
Using groups to help people / 
The psychology of female violence : crimes against the body / 
Cultural history and education : critical essays on knowledge and schooling / 
Teaching English, language, and literacy / 
Voyage to Mars : NASA's search for life beyond Earth / 
Dreaming me : an African American woman's spiritual journey / 
Minuteman : the military career of General Robert S. Beightler / 
Tabloid justice : criminal justice in an age of media frenzy / 
Increase your income and wealth buying apartment buildings / 
Apostles and prophets : the foundation of the church / 
Deterrence theory and Chinese behavior / 
The Air Force pilot shortage : a crisis for operational units? / 
Creating moments of joy for the person with Alzheimer's or Dementia : a journal for caregivers / 
Recipe hall of fame dessert cookbook : winning recipes from hometown America / 
Commercial observation satellites : at the leading edge of global transparency / 
Action in ecosystems : biothermodynamics for sustainability / 
Scotland is not for the squeamish / 
Cheshire and the Tudor state 1480-1560 / 
Births / 
Sex and power / 
Traditional Chinese medicine : a woman's guide to a trouble-free menopause / 
Hippopotamus : habitats, life cycles, food chains, threats / 
Grizzly bear : habitats, life cycles, food chains, threats / 
Why do people take drugs? / 
Weddings / 
The modern vegetarian kitchen / 
Dizzy & Jimmy : my life with James Dean : a love story / 
Insects on display : a guide to mounting and displaying insects / 
Bellow : a biography / 
Thomas and the big, big bridge / 
Thomas on the moon / 
Facing the wind : a true story of tragedy and reconciliation / 
Mapping the edge : a novel / 
The little raccoon / 
Winter sports / 
The complete backyard birdwatcher's home companion / 
Dig it! : how to collect rocks and minerals / 
Up close! : exploring nature with a magnifying glass / 
Natural health at 50+ : the vital guide to living longer and looking good / 
Earth : an oasis of life / 
Open society : reforming global capitalism / 
Emotions in social psychology : essential readings / 
The handbook of cognitive neuropsychology : what deficits reveal about the human mind / 
California health report / 
Europe's new security challenges / 
Ambiguous order : military forces in African states / 
The international political economy of the environment : critical perspectives / 
Europe in the new century : visions of an emerging superpower / 
Evaluating capital projects / 
Bank mergers in a deregulated environment : promise and peril / 
Alliances, outsourcing, and the lean organization / 
The politics and economics of park management / 
Latinos and U.S. foreign policy : representing the "homeland"? / 
The Socratic citizen : a theory of deliberative democracy / 
Going live : getting the news right in a real-time, online world / 
The first R : how children learn race and racism / 
Valuation of intangible assets in global operations / 
The marketization of social security / 
Strange bedfellow / 
My life as a dog / 
All through the night / 
Horse heaven / 
Dressing up for the carnival / 
The hyacinth spell / 
The flame and the fury / 
The ghost of Fossil Glen / 
To find a place : Western stories / 
Preacher's boy / 
The Pecos Kid : a western duo / 
Get happy : the life of Judy Garland / 
A quiver full of arrows / 
The postcard / 
In the fall / 
Biggie and the fricasseed fat man / 
A song for Silas / 
Lucky Logan finds love / 
Growing gourmet and medicinal mushrooms = [Shokuyō oyobi yakuyō kinoko no saibai] / 
Genpei / 
Bringing home the laundry : effective parenting for college and beyond / 
The Lone Star gardener's book of lists / 
Spellcasters : witches and witchcraft in history, folklore, and popular culture / 
Inside women's college basketball : anatomy of a season / 
ADHD : the great misdiagnosis / 
Dixie Chicks : down-home and backstage / 
Confederate generals : life portraits / 
Jim Wilson's container gardening / 
Male mid-life crisis : psychological dynamics, theological issues, and pastoral interventions / 
George Bush : the life of a Lone Star Yankee / 
The Voegelinian revolution : a biographical introduction / 
Business students focus on ethics / 
Fundamental principles of the sociology of law / 
José Vasconcelos and the writing of the Mexican Revolution / 
Tables, desks & chairs / 
Hard ball : a Billy Baggs novel / 
Unbroken / 
Wringer / 
Treasures in the dust / 
Blackwater / 
Kit's wilderness / 
Lily's crossing / 
Interpreting popular music / 
Sex, love, and health in America : private choices and public policies / 
The Sabra : the creation of the new Jew / 
Murder in New York City / 
Dear Mr. Darwin : letters on the evolution of life and human nature / 
Earthly bodies, magical selves : contemporary pagans and the search for community / 
Who are the Jews of India? / 
The golden child / 
Cold wind : a western story / 
Bandit invincible : Butch Cassidy : a western story / 
Diamond Deuce : a western story / 
Doc Holliday's gone : a western duo / 
Silver dreams / 
A lobster and a lady / 
Heartswap / 
Three black skirts : all you need to survive / 
A creative approach to music fundamentals / 
Aging in America / 
Essentials of western civilization : a history of European society / 
Alburquerque / 
Urban poor perceptions of violence and exclusion in Colombia / 
Achievements and challenges of fiscal decentralization : lessons from Mexico / 
Food safety issues in the developing world / 
Fostering competition in China's power markets / 
In His everlasting arms : learning to trust God in all circumstances / 
Woodpecker in the backyard / 
Jesus of Nazareth : teacher and prophet / 
Bridges / 
Muhammad of Mecca : prophet of Islam / 
Going to war in Viking times / 
Autism / 
Webster's New World student writing handbook / 
The American system of criminal justice / 
Simple classics cookbook : recipes / 
Even God is single : (so stop giving me a hard time) / 
Computerized adaptive testing : theory and practice / 
The executive handbook on compensation : linking strategic rewards to business performance / 
Teachers doing research : the power of action through inquiry / 
Beethoven in person : his deafness, illnesses, and death / 
Climate change and European leadership : a sustainable role for Europe? / 
The social origins of modern science / 
Advances in robot kinematics / 
Arbuscular mycorrhizas : physiology and function / 
Intellectual property law in Indonesia / 
Structure development during polymer processing / 
Flood issues in contemporary water management / 
Environmental stress : indication, mitigation, and eco-conservation / 
The FitzHugh-Nagumo model : bifurcation and dynamics / 
Optical fiber sensor technology : fundamentals / 
Ants / 
SPSS for Windows : an introduction to use and interpretation in research / 
Horses : a guide to selection, care, and enjoyment / 
Sergei Rachmaninoff : a bio-bibliography / 
The archaeology of the Indian subcontinent and Sri Lanka : a selected bibliography / 
Writings on an ethical life / 
Unfolding the Deuteronomistic history : origins, upgrades, present text / 
Dollars and democracy : a blueprint for campaign finance reform / 
The way of all flesh : the romance of ruins / 
Peyotism and the Native American church : an annotated bibliography / 
Reading as a perceptual process / 
A different kind of Christmas / 
Empire's children : empire and imperialism in classic British children's books / 
The love-artist / 
Traditional mehndi designs : a treasury of henna body art / 
Talk stories / 
Twentieth-century bibliography and textual criticism : an annotated bibliography / 
Churchill : a concise bibliography / 
Code to zero / 
Problems of democratization in China / 
Bioethics and the post-Christian society : moral engagement and the end of concensus / 
Creating the new economy : the entrepreneur and the US resurgence / 
Education between states, markets, and civil society : comparative perspectives / 
Experiences in theology : ways and forms of Christian theology / 
Food rules! : the stuff you munch, its crunch, its punch, and why you sometimes lose your lunch / 
The new communications technologies : applications, policy and impact / 
The essential E.P. Thompson / 
Theo Leffmann / 
Eyes right! : a vintage postcard profile of San Antonio's military / 
Teaching science as inquiry / 
Collision course! : cosmic impacts and life on earth / 
Salmon / 
Beneath that starry place : a novel / 
Personal finance / 
Principles of neurocomputing for science and engineering / 
Fundamentals of corporate finance / 
Understanding economics today / 
Pro/ENGINEER instructor / 
Music skills for classroom teachers / 
Exploring the social : readings in contemporary sociology / 
Healthcare ethics in a diverse society / 
The one-hour watercolorist / 
Automobile manufacturers worldwide registry / 
South Carolina in the Civil War : the Confederate experience in letters and diaries / 
Hans Bellmer : the anatomy of anxiety / 
The Wampas baby stars : a biographical dictionary, 1922-1934 / 
The lucky gourd shop / 
A lion for Michael / 
History makers : interviews / 
Nat King Cole / 
Fifty-five years in five acts : my life in opera / 
The new economics : for industry, government, education / 
Essays on Zarathustra and Zoroastrianism / 
Birthday parties in heaven : thoughts on love, life, grief, and other matters of the heart / 
Virus dynamics : mathematical principles of immunology and virology / 
Coney / 
Show and tell : New Yorker profiles / 
Night and horses and the desert : an anthology of classical Arabic literature / 
A graphic apology for symmetry and implicitness / 
Civil drafting technology / 
Making, breaking codes : an introduction to cryptography / 
Palliative care in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (motor neurone disease) / 
Multidimensional continued fractions / 
Sandra Smith's review for NCLEX-RN / 
Business ethics / 
Earth's dynamic systems / 
Applied chemical hydrogeology / 
Managing public finances in a small developing economy : the case of Barbados / 
Dynamics of structures : theory and applications to earthquake engineering / 
Programming languages : design and implementation / 
Sanctified snake oil : the effect of junk science on public policy / 
Fuzzy techniques in image processing / 
Anita Garibaldi : a biography / 
ASP in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference / 
Numerical methods with MATLAB : implementations and applications / 
Literature of the Western world / 
Embedded microcontrollers / 
Criminal investigation / 
Procedures for the automated office / 
Canon law as ministry : freedom and good order for the church / 
Shadow flights : America's secret air war against the Soviet Union / 
Science unfettered : a philosophical study in sociohistorical ontology / 
Into the shadows furious : the brutal battle for New Georgia / 
Legal traditions of the world : sustainable diversity in law / 
An introduction to mixed-signal IC test and measurement / 
Discourse synthesis : studies in historical and contemporary social epistemology / 
The defense of the Napoleonic kingdom of Northern Italy, 1813-1814 / 
Iraq and the international oil system : why America went to war in the Gulf / 
Handcuffed to history : narratives, pathologies, and violence in South Asia / 
The rhetoric of First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton  : crisis management discourse / 
Children who murder : a psychological perspective / 
Creating sustainable community programs : examples of collaborative public administration / 
Treading softly : U.S. Marines in China, 1819-1949 / 
Paul Ramsey's ethics : the power of 'agape' in a postmodern world / 
Airport design and operation / 
Utopia  : the search for the ideal society in the western world / 
To be continued : an annotated guide to sequels / 
Fast furniture / 
Eye of the storm : the South and Congress in an era of change / 
Windows system policy editor / 
Yesterday's perfume : an intimate memoir of Paul Bowles / 
Federal income taxation of debt instruments / 
Just XML / 
The arts of Honʾami Kōetsu : Japanese Renaissance master / 
The complete Christie : an Agatha Christie encyclopedia / 
Computer confluence : exploring tomorrow's technology / 
Knowledge emergence : social, technical, and evolutionary dimensions of knowledge creation / 
Musical encounters / 
Strain measurements and stress analysis / 
Filter design for signal processing using MATLAB and Mathematica / 
Foodservice profitability : a control approach / 
Easy style room by room : 50 simple & sensational projects for home decorating / 
John McCain : an essay in military and political history / 
Introductory gerontological nursing / 
D.W.'s library card / 
Aesopian literary dimensions of Azerbaijani literature of the Soviet period, 1920-1990 / 
Matrices in combinatorics and graph theory / 
The complete book of jewelry making / 
Ernst Lubitsch : laughter in paradise / 
Jews and Mormons : two houses of Israel / 
Casebook for textbook of therapeutics : drug and disease management / 
Searching for Raymond : Anglicanism, spiritualism, and bereavement between the two World Wars / 
Jews in the Japanese mind : the history and uses of a cultural stereotype / 
Toot & Puddle : I'll be home for Christmas / 
Fighting Ruben Wolfe / 
Alicia Silverstone / 
Keri Russell / 
Katie Holmes / 
Who set my life on self-destruct? / 
Data mining : concepts and techniques / 
Manual of clinical problems in pediatrics : with annotated key references / 
Manual of HIV therapeutics / 
Bound, living in the globalized world / 
It's okay to be different / 
How to share your faith with others : a good news guidebook / 
"It's simple," said Simon / 
The potential of U.S. grazing lands to sequester carbon and mitigate the greenhouse effect / 
Linguistic typology : morphology and syntax / 
Head and neck surgical pathology / 
Sex rites : an erotic sci-fi novel / 
S/M Ranch : an erotic novel / 
Strategies for preaching Paul / 
What really matters for struggling readers : designing research-based programs / 
The complete professional : solutions for today's workplace / 
Leaving a trace : on keeping a journal : the art of transforming a life into stories / 
Between memory and hope : readings on the liturgical year / 
The mystery of Pentecost / 
Ages of initiation : the first two Christian millennia : with CD-ROM of source excerpts / 
As one struggling Christian to another : Augustine's Christian ideal for today / 
Becoming loquens : more studies in language origins / 
6 nightmares : real threats in a dangerous world and how America can meet them / 
The whitetail deer hunter's almanac : more than 800 tips and tactics / 
Environmental policy and politics / 
Regarding film : criticism and comment / 
True history of the Kelly gang / 
The beforelife : poems / 
The personal writings of Eliza Roxcy Snow / 
Understanding addiction / 
The mystical Qabalah / 
God of the valleys : heaven's high purpose foryour lowest times / 
Readings in Christianity / 
Making an honest living : what do we owe the community? / 
Quest for the golden circle : the Four Corners and the metropolitan West, 1945-1970 / 
Painting the landscape in pastel / 
Not for sale : in defense of public goods / 
The marriage you've always wanted / 
Ehud's dagger : class struggle in the English Revolution / 
Management and supervision in law enforcement / 
Communicating for results : a guide for business and the professions / 
A history of Western architecture / 
Wonderful counselor : a fortnight of Christmas meditations / 
Communications law : liberties, restraints, and the modern media / 
The decoupage gallery : a collection of over 450 color and 550 black-and-white design motifs / 
The perfect heresy : the revolutionary life and death of the medieval Cathars / 
Prophecy and public affairs in later medieval England / 
The smell of sawdust : what evangelicals can learn from their fundamentalist heritage / 
Grandma tells a story / 
The sculptural imagination : figurative, modernist, minimalist / 
Greenwich : an architectural history of the Royal Hospital for Seamen and the Queen's House / 
The theory of decorative art : an anthology of European & American writings, 1750-1940 / 
The Serbs : history, myth, and the destruction of Yugoslavia / 
The other God : dualist religions from antiquity to the Cathar heresy / 
The last days of haute cuisine / 
Introduction to the human body : the essentials of anatomy and physiology / 
Modern auditing / 
Obsessive-compulsive disorder / 
Methods for meta-analysis in medical research / 
An introduction to molecular medicine and gene therapy / 
Physician's compensation : measurement, benchmarking, and implementation / 
Anthropology / 
Video Basics 3 workbook / 
You can experience--  an authentic life / 
The many faces of science : an introduction to scientists, values, and society / 
Retrograde planets : traversing the inner landscape / 
The development of past tense morphology in L2 Spanish / 
Pathways of change : grammaticalization in English / 
Cadaver dog handbook : forensic training and tactics for the recovery of human remains / 
Prealgebra / 
Neuroscience / 
Introduction to perturbation theory in quantum mechanics / 
Nutritional applications in exercise and sport / 
Architects' data / 
Soul searching : a girl's guide to finding herself / 
Social work advocacy : a new framework for action / 
The soccer referee's manual / 
Perfectly still : a journey through the heart of loss to love / 
Communicating for life : Christian stewardship in community and media / 
Keys to incorporating / 
Spirit beings and sun dancers : Black Hawk's vision of the Lakota world / 
Blundering for a change : errors & expectations in critical pedagogy / 
The Premonstratensian order in late medieval England / 
How Francis got his wink / 
Maine / 
Race and reunion : the Civil War in American memory / 
The battle of Agincourt : sources and interpretations / 
Chaucer's philosophical visions / 
Middle English word studies : a word and author index / 
War cruel and sharp : English strategy under Edward III, 1327-1360 / 
Ulrich von Zatzikhoven's Lanzelet : narrative style and entertainment / 
Cold water burning / 
The legend that was Earth / 
A hymn before battle / 
Lactoferrin : natural, multifunctional, antimicrobial / 
The critical reception of Emerson : unsettling all things / 
Children's literature / 
A history of Rome / 
Europe : privilege and protest, 1730-1789 / 
The literatures of colonial America : an anthology / 
American radicalism / 
Group processes / 
Intergroup processes / 
Readings in games and information / 
The marketing plan in colour : a pictorial guide for managers / 
The Cambridge medical ethics workbook ; case studies commentaries and activities / 
Barron's pass key to the GMAT (Computer-Adaptive Graduate Management Admission Test) / 
International encyclopedia of human rights : freedoms, abuses, and remedies / 
Augmentative and alternative communication for adults with acquired neurologic disorders / 
Comprehensive breast care and surviving breast cancer / 
Architectural AutoCAD : drafting, design, presentation / 
Family dynasty, revolutionary society : the Cochins of Paris, 1750-1922 / 
The times of their lives : life, love, and death in Plymouth Colony / 
Invisible tender / 
Postcolonial masquerades : culture and politics in literature, film, video, and photography / 
Thomas Wolfe : a documentary volume / 
Twentieth-century American dramatists. Second series / 
The Lexicon-encyclopedia interface / 
This is England : British film and the People's War, 1939-1945 / 
Nocturnal butterflies of the Russian Empire : a novel / 
Native tongue / 
Sprache und Dialektik in der aristotelischen Philosophie / 
Customer service games for trainers / 
The organizational measurement manual / 
Six Sigma : SPC and TQM in manufacturing and services / 
Minnesota : off the beaten path / 
Managerial consulting skills : a practical guide / 
Risk in our midst : empowering teenagers to love the unlovable / 
Phenomenology and the "theological turn" : the French debate / 
Ethics as social science : the moral philosophy of social cooperation / 
Sustainable small-scale forestry : socio-economic analysis and policy / 
The Elgar companion to public choice / 
Help my unbelief / 
The meaning of company accounts / 
Flexibility at work : balancing the interests of employer and employee / 
50 ways to liven up your meetings / 
Advanced materials for water handling : composites and thermoplastics / 
AutoCAD LT 2000 : fundamentals and applications 2000/2000i / 
Dance of the money bees : a professional speaks frankly on investing / 
OSPF complete implementation / 
The manual of photography : 
Digital video camerawork / 
Picture editing / 
The art of digital video / 
Sound engineer's pocket book / 
Photoshop 5.5 A to Z : the essential visual reference guide / 
Contracting for engineering and construction projects / 
Fractals in soil science / 
Time flies and other short plays / 
3D Studio MAX and its applications : release 3.1 / 
Manufacturing time : global competition in the watch industry, 1795-2000 / 
Missions and missionaries / 
The continuity supervisor / 
Peacekeeping and conflict resolution / 
Nonlinear wave equations perturbed by the viscous term / 
A little left of center : an editor reflects on his Mennonite experience / 
The forgiving self : the road from resentment to connection / 
Ventus / 
Super searchers on health & medicine : the online secrets of top health and medical researchers / 
My pal Grubby / 
Sigmund Freud : pioneer of the mind / 
Gugu's house / 
Beach day / 
Wildflowers around the year / 
Riding the tiger / 
New Orleans gardens : exquisite excess / 
Earth watch / 
Ocean watch / 
Compositions of quadratic forms / 
Conformal geometry of discrete groups and manifolds / 
Sports and leisure / 
An atlas of edge-reversal dynamics / 
Functions of two variables / 
Glory goes and gets some : stories / 
Madame Deluxe : poems / 
Shiny pencils at the edge of things : new and selected poems / 
Riffs & choruses : a new jazz anthology / 
The quantum rose / 
The dragon and the fair maid of Kent / 
Medieval number symbolism : its sources, meaning, and influence on thought and expression / 
American penology : a history of control / 
Intimate strangers : the culture of celebrity in America / 
The Elizabethan Renaissance : the cultural achievement / 
The Elizabethan Renaissance : the life of the society / 
American beliefs : what keeps a big country and a diverse people united / 
Original intent and the framers' constitution / 
A train of powder / 
The twilight of the intellectuals : culture and politics in the era of the Cold War / 
Rostenkowski : the pursuit of power and the end of the old politics / 
The warmest December / 
The individual and the cosmos in Renaissance philosophy / 
When spring comes late : finding your way through depression / 
The encyclopedia of motorcycles / 
Integrative health care : complementary and alternative therapies for the whole person / 
Whispers of hope : a novel / 
Tomorrow and always : a novel / 
A time for the heart : a novel / 
Towers of Brierley : a novel / 
Chance encounter : a novel / 
A light in the storm : a novel / 
An angel in time : a novel / 
A star in winter : a novel / 
Promises of the heart : a novel / 
Hemingway : life into art / 
Chakras : energy centers of transformation / 
Feng shui for life : mastering the dynamics between your inner world and outside environment / 
Mengele : the complete story / 
He's not all that! : how to attract the good guys / 
Infinite Elvis : an annotated bibliography / 
I like juice / 
I like potatoes / 
Seth Green / 
I like pasta / 
I like cereal / 
I like berries / 
I like peanuts / 
The golden age : a novel / 
Bad girls / 
Sir Francis Drake and the foundation of a world empire / 
La Salle and the exploration of the Mississippi / 
Jacques Cartier and the exploration of Canada / 
Francisco Pizarro and the Conquest of the Inca / 
Vixen in velvet / 
Ancient microworlds / 
The blizzard of 1888 / 
Black mirror : a novel / 
The seven dwarfs / 
Turned on : a biography of Henry Rollins / 
The unknown Civil War : odd, peculiar, and unusual stories of the War between the States / 
Eliot Ness : the real story / 
The southern haunting of Truman Capote / 
The fabulous insects : essays by the foremost nature writers / 
Mark Twain : Plymouth Rock and the Pilgrims and other speeches / 
Swing under the Nazis : jazz as a metaphor for freedom / 
The life and death of Yukio Mishima / 
The boys from Syracuse : the Schuberts' theatrical empire / 
The strange history of Bonnie and Clyde / 
Making contact : alien affairs / 
The suicide club / 
Peter Pan / 
Revenants : poems / 
The hand of Buddha : stories / 
Write letter to Billy : a novel / 
Dinosaur parents, dinosaur young : uncovering the mystery of dinosaur families / 
A single shard / 
Comprehending coincidence : synchronicity and personal transformation / 
Horror of the 20th century : an illustrated history / 
The resourceful renovator : a gallery of ideas for reusing building materials / 
Exhibitionism : art in an era of intolerance / 
The merging : a story of two families and their child / 
Speed and the thoroughbred : the complete history / 
The Derrydale game cookbook / 
The Derrydale fish cookbook / 
She took to the woods : a biography and selected writings of Louise Dickinson Rich / 
The curious naturalist : nature's everyday mysteries / 
A dream of wolves : a novel / 
The firefighter's workout book : the 30 minute a day train-for-life program for men and women / 
Bahrain / 
New Europe in transition / 
The spiritual legacy of Henri Nouwen / 
Food aid and human security / 
Los Angeles / 
Ecology & field biology / 
Li, qi, and shu : an introduction to science and civilization in China / 
Figure painting step by step / 
Wedding keepsakes / 
Biology of the domestic pig / 
Roger Nash Baldwin and the American Civil Liberties Union / 
Moving to Maine : the essential guide to get you there / 
Technician's guide to programmable controllers / 
Conducting tours / 
Finding your own North Star : claiming the life you were meant to live / 
Between two fires : intimate writings on life, love, food & flavor / 
Piranha to scurfy and other stories / 
Approaches to acting : past and present / 
The dynamics of democratization : a comparative approach / 
MCSE Windows 2000 Professional exam prep / 
CCNP routing / 
Linux system administration black book / 
Windows 2000 server architecture and planning / 
John Henry Days : a novel / 
Cold and pure and very dead / 
The merchant marine in international affairs, 1850-1950 / 
Theology of the New Testament / 
Kierkegaard's category of repetition : a reconstruction / 
District nursing : providing care in a supportive context / 
Christmas treasures : 
The concept of man in contemporary China / 
Firefighting strategies and tactics / 
The hidden ivies : thirty colleges of excellence / 
The eight human talents : the yogic way to restore the balance of serenity within you / 
Fashioning Sapphism : the origins of a modern English lesbian culture / 
Modern Armenian drama : an anthology / 
Death on the cheap : the lost B movies of film noir / 
Thoreau : a book of quotations / 
Modern artists on art / 
The first men in the moon / 
The mark of the beast, and other horror tales / 
Arms and armor in colonial America, 1526-1783 / 
For all time : a pictorial celebration of America / 
Losing Matt Shepard : life and politics in the aftermath of anti-gay murder / 
Thinking teams, thinking clients : knowledge-based teamwork / 
Shakespeare & the poets' war / 
Coca-Cola girls : an advertising art history / 
Crowns : portraits of Black women in church hats / 
1 Kings : a new translation with introduction and commentary / 
Elvis and Nixon : a novel / 
Murder in Dealey Plaza : what we know now that we didn't know then about the death of JFK / 
Good news about sex and marriage : answers to your honest questions about Catholic teaching / 
Tap dancing / 
Irish step dancing / 
Jazz dancing / 
African dancing / 
Sport in Australasian society : past and present / 
American-British-Canadian intelligence relations, 1939-2000 / 
Living the truth / 
My soul in silence waits : meditations on Psalm 62 / 
Desiring life : Benedict on wisdom and the good life/ 
Principles of radiographic imaging : an art and a science / 
Anna on the farm / 
The other side of Haight : a novel / 
Contemporary spiritualities : social and religious contexts / 
Constructing early childhood science / 
Champions : the lives, times, and past performances of the 20th century's greatest thoroughbreds / 
Police and policing / 
Jackie Robinson / 
Lost worlds and forgotten secrets : riddles of Earth and beyond / 
We are not alone : searching the heavens / 
Imagining other worlds : where faith and fact meet / 
Stringed instruments / 
Coming from the skies : our neighbors from above / 
Catch of the day / 
The secret handshake : mastering the politics of the business inner circle / 
Aspects of peacekeeping / 
International security in a global age : securing the twenty-first century / 
An eighth of August : a novel / 
The fourth floor : an account of the Castro communist revolution / 
Argentina. The land / 
Argentina. The people / 
Argentina. The culture / 
Nigeria : the land / 
Nigeria : the people / 
Nigeria : the culture / 
The Hispanics / 
Nature for fun projects / 
Computer telephony demystified : putting CTI, media services, and IP telephony to work / 
Social work and social welfare : an introduction / 
The many faces of the superworld : Yuri Golfand memorial volume / 
Speaking of Hillary : a reader's guide to the most controversial woman in America / 
Autism : clinical and research issues / 
How to make people like you in 90 seconds or less / 
Hungary : a regulatory and structural review of selected infrastructure sectors / 
Basics of reasoning / 
Population and the World Bank : 
From transition to accession : developing stable and competitive financial markets in Bulgaria / 
Dismantling Russia's nonpayments system : creating conditions for growth / 
A diagnostic framework for revenue administration / 
God gave us you / 
In the days of the angels : stories & carols for Christmas / 
Really bad girls of the Bible : more lessons from less-than-perfect women / 
The wings of God : miraculous stories of Our Lord and his angels at work / 
The Holocaust industry : reflection on the exploitation of Jewish suffering / 
Great jobs for foreign language majors / 
Comparative criminal justice systems / 
The last debate / 
Running guns : the global black market in small arms / 
Grandmother's book of promises / 
Open questions : an introduction to philosophy / 
Relieve the squeeze  : how to take control of your asthma / 
Virginia Woolf / 
Florida's unsung wilderness : the swamps / 
Opportunities in biotechnology careers / 
The Black family : strengths, self-help, and positive change / 
Theory of knowledge / 
Rainbow rights : the role of lawyers and courts in the lesbian and gay civil rights movement / 
Angela Carter and the fairy tale / 
The closest of strangers / 
National trust guide-- San Francisco : America's guide for architecture and history travelers / 
What God does when women pray / 
Agricultural support policies in transition economies / 
Entitlement : the paradoxes of property / 
Polymer-clay nanocomposites / 
Getting started in emerging markets / 
Building and managing the meta data repository : a full lifecycle guide / 
Strategic management / 
Getting started in speaking, training, or seminar consulting / 
If you ever needed friends, it's now / 
Trial by fire / 
The remember box / 
Great books to read and fun things to do with them / 
The will of God as a way of life : finding and following the will of God / 
The fingerprint of God / 
Behaviour, crime, and legal processes : a guide for forensic practitioners / 
Arlington National Cemetery, shrine to America's heroes / 
The XXV Olympiad : Barcelona 1992, Lillehammer 1994 / 
The III Olympiad : St. Louis 1904, Athens 1906 / 
The XXIV Olympiad : Seoul 1988, Albertville 1992 / 
The XV Olympiad : Helsinki 1952, Cortina d'Ampezzo 1956 / 
The V & VI Olympiads : Stockholm 1912, Inter-Allied Games 1919 / 
Reaching for the invisible God : what can we expect to find? / 
Data structures and algorithms in Java / 
Traditional Native American arts and activities / 
Bankruptcy and insolvency accounting / 
Introductory statistics / 
Tools and tactics of design / 
Dazzling division : games and activities that make math easy and fun / 
Step into a world : a global anthology of the new Black literature / 
A history of interior design / 
Chemical kinetics and catalysis / 
Securing our future in a global economy / 
Piece talks : boundary skirmishes at the borders of midlife : a slightly skewed view / 
The poetic landscape : a contemporary visual and psychological exploration / 
Under his very windows : the Vatican and the Holocaust in Italy / 
Rethinking the Holocaust / 
Carmen la Coja / 
Russia in the new century : stability or disorder? / 
Voyeur nation : media, privacy, and peering in modern culture / 
Drawing and painting horses / 
Intellectual property : patents, trademarks, and copyrights / 
America recommitted : a superpower assesses its role in a turbulent world / 
The great secret, or, Occultism unveiled / 
Trade liberalisation and the environment : a computable general equilibrium analysis / 
Big game hunter's guide to Idaho / 
The fourth frontier : exploring the new world of work  / 
Focus on phonics : assessment and instruction / 
Stability and nonlinear solid mechanics / 
Encyclopedia of plant pathology / 
Finite mixture models / 
XHTML 1.0 Web development sourcebook : building better sites and applications / 
Dictionary of financial engineering / 
Building type basics for museums / 
Agency and responsibility : essays on the metaphysics of freedom / 
Searching for a God to love : the one you've always wanted is really there / 
Advanced legal research exercise manual / 
Psychological testing : principles, applications, and issues / 
Lovers of wisdom : a historical introduction to philosophy with integrated readings / 
Engineering design methods : strategies for product design / 
Rainfall-runoff modelling : the primer / 
Fixed-income securities : dynamic methods for interest rate risk pricing and hedging / 
Multivariate analysis of quality : an introduction / 
Functional analysis of bacterial genes / 
Demography in ecotoxicology / 
The mathematical theory of selection, recombination, and mutation / 
Smart card handbook / 
From genome to therapy : integrating new technologies with drug development / 
The ratings game / 
The fractional Fourier transform with applications in optics and signal processing / 
Hotel and lodging management : an introduction / 
Too close to the falls / 
International relations : politics and economics in the 21st century / 
The black rood / 
Ordinary horror / 
Anna Karenina : a novel in eight parts / 
Night of stone : death and memory in twentieth century Russia / 
Food and agriculture in Bulgaria : the challenge of preparing for EU accession / 
Farm sector restructuring in Belarus : progress and constraints / 
The fisherman and the rhinoceros / 
Black enterprise guide to investing / 
Molecular symmetry and group theory : a programmed introduction to chemical applications / 
Fire in Beulah / 
Cause celeb / 
Fragments : the collected wisdom of Heraclitus / 
Murder at Monticello : a Homer Kelly mystery / 
Prenups for lovers : a romantic guide to premarital agreements / 
The elements of managed care : a guide for helping professionals / 
The chair where bear sits / 
Temperature measurement / 
Rhyme's reason : a guide to English verse / 
Facets of Globalization : international and local dimensions of development / 
New sales speak / 
SAIR Linux and GNU certification : level I, system administration / 
Explorations in college algebra / 
Trade secrets for nonprofit managers / 
Marketing hospitality / 
Successful restaurant design / 
Measurement mania : games and activities that make math easy and fun / 
Nonlinear dynamical systems : feedforward neural network perspectives / 
Outrageous women of Colonial America / 
Fabulous fractions : games and activities that make math easy and fun / 
The chemistry of contrast agents in medical magnetic resonance imaging / 
Raising the dead : the skeleton crew of Henry VIII's great ship, the Mary Rose / 
Statistical methods in spatial epidemiology / 
Neural transplantation in neurodegenerative disease : current status and new directions / 
The mysteries of the Qabalah, or, occult agreement of the two testaments / 
The legend of the valentine / 
Applied tribology : bearing design and lubrication / 
Interventional fluroscopy: physics, technology, safety / 
Commanding communications : navigating emerging trends in telecommunications / 
Resorts : management and operation / 
Doing e-business : strategies for thriving in an electronic marketplace / 
The art and science of chemical analysis / 
J.K. Lasser's invest online / 
Agricultural economics and agribusiness / 
Cleaner transport fuels for cleaner air in Central Asia and the Caucasus / 
Brag dog and other stories : the best of Vereen Bell / 
Rosemary meets Rosemarie / 
Data warehousing : using the Wal-Mart model / 
When I find you again, it will be in mountains : selected poems of Chia Tao / 
Power systems in emergencies : from contingency planning to crisis management / 
Elder law / 
Civil litigation / 
Foundations of business organizations for paralegals / 
Medusa's overbite : a book of poetry / 
Charles Rennie Mackintosh : architect, artist, icon / 
Daniel Libeskind : 
Mr. Boston, official bartender's and party guide / 
Putting on the dog : digital photographs and canine wisdom / 
All aboard! : the story of Joshua Lionel Cowen and his Lionel Train Company / 
The homiletical plot : the sermon as narrative art form / 
Payne Stewart : the authorized biography / 
Lee, Grant, and Sherman : a study in leadership in the 1864-65 campaign / 
The politics of ancient Israel / 
The medical profession and human rights : handbook for a changing agenda / 
Disciplining democracy : development discourse and good governance in Africa / 
Redesigning life? : the worldwide challenge to genetic engineering / 
The spear of tyranny / 
Fetal anomalies : ultrasound diagnosis and postnatal management / 
Handbook of innovative therapy / 
Functions of vitamins beyond recommended dietary allowances / 
The jumbo duct tape book / 
Practical nursing philosophy : the universal ethical code / 
Proteins, peptides, and amino acids in enteral nutrition / 
Medicinal chemistry : an introduction / 
Advanced glycation end-products in nephrology / 
An introductory guide to disease mapping / 
Send 'em South  / 
Cuban festivals : a century of Afro-Cuban culture/ 
Cite-Checker : a hands-on guide to learning citation form  / 
Wild solutions : how biodiversity is money in the bank / 
Everyone wants to go to heaven, but-- / 
Rising suns, rising daughters : gender, class, and power in Japan / 
Elijah : a man of heroism and humility ; 
Dark coulee : a Claire Watkins mystery / 
Dr. Jensen's guide to diet and detoxification / 
Groups and group rights / 
Hospitality management accounting / 
The social work and human services treatment planner / 
Succeeding with Object databases : a practical look at today's implementations with Java and XML / 
The sciences : an integrated approach / 
Rosemary in Paris / 
The brutal language of love : stories / 
Heaven's wager / 
Roberta and the renegade / 
Getting started in trading / 
The wireless application protocol (WAP) : a Wiley tech brief / 
The child psychotherapy progress notes planner / 
One- and multidimensional signal processing algorithms and applications in image processing / 
Foundations of interconnect and microstrip design / 
Emotional disorders and metacognition : innovative cognitive therapy / 
Preimplantation genetic diagnosis / 
Bioethics, justice, and health care / 
Marbury v. Madison : the origins and legacy of judicial review / 
Participation : the new tyranny? / 
Closing the circle : democratization and development in Africa / 
Hungry for trade : how the poor pay for free trade / 
The ordeal of the African writer / 
When the bough breaks / 
Measuring and apportioning rents from hydroelectric power developments / 
Chemical dynamics in extreme environments / 
Little Hands paper plate crafts : creative art fun for 3- to 7-year-olds / 
Draw your own cartoons! / 
The meaning of life : Buddhist perspectives on cause & effect / 
The Neptune file : a story of astronomical rivalry and the pioneers of planet hunting / 
The book of self-acquaintance : a guided journal / 
The sun's asleep behind the hill / 
Medicine and magnificence : British hospital and asylum architecture, 1660-1815 / 
A century of recorded music : listening to musical history / 
Learn computer game programming with DirectX 7.0 / 
Learn FileMaker pro 5.0 / 
Paradoxes for living : cultivating faith in confusing times / 
Kids' easy quilting projects / 
Kids' easy knitting projects / 
Immovable laws, irresistible rights : natural law, moral rights, and feminist ethics / 
Financing of private hydropower projects / 
Skateboarding / 
Commitments / 
Kingdoms of light / 
Animosity / 
George Washington reconsidered / 
Migrants against slavery : Virginians and the nation / 
Applied quantum mechanics / 
An introduction to the history of psychology / 
The Nantucket restaurants cookbook : menus and recipes from the faraway isle / 
Parallel I/O for high performance computing / 
Roller hockey / 
Animals that hibernate / 
The weedless garden / 
Theme gardens / 
Human anatomy made amazingly easy / 
Theo Angelopoulos : interviews / 
John Huston : interviews / 
Railroad shutterbug : Jim Fredrickson's Northern Pacific / 
Care services for later life : transformations and critiques / 
The changing shape of art therapy : new developments in theory and practice / 
Spiritual dimensions of pastoral care : practical theology in a multidisciplinary context / 
Choosing a groupwork approach : an inclusive stance / 
Anthropological approaches to psychological medicine : crossing bridges / 
Brunelleschi's dome : how a Renaissance genius reinvented architecture / 
Prediction and prevention of reading failure / 
Why government can't save you / 
Batman beyond, return of the Joker / 
Brooklyn : a state of mind / 
Companions in Christ. Leader's guide : a small-group experience in spiritual formation / 
Growing compassionate kids : helping kids see beyond their backyard / 
Compelled to write to you : letters on faith, love, service, and life / 
Companions in Christ. Participant's book : a small-group experience in spiritual formation / 
Shaped by the Word : the power of Scripture in spiritual formation / 
Sepher Rezial Hemelach = The book of the angel Rezial / 
The Qabalah : secret tradition of the West / 
Learn Red Hat Linux security : includes Red Hat Linux 6.0 / 
The screenwriter's survival guide, or, Guerilla meeting tactics and other acts of war / 
The bridge : a novel / 
Going to war in Ancient Greece / 
Fidel Castro : Cuban revolutionary / 
Lyme disease / 
Physics of finance : gauge modelling in non-equilibrium pricing / 
Cultivating health : cultural perspectives on promoting health / 
Handbook of statistical genetics / 
Perspectives on animal behavior / 
Laser remote sensing of the ocean : methods and applications / 
Teaching and learning elementary and middle school mathematics / 
Introduction to interactive programming on the internet : using HTML & JavaScript / 
Design of reinforced concrete / 
The organic chem lab survival manual : a student's guide to techniques / 
Understanding and treating panic disorder : cognitive-behavioural approaches / 
Managing reference data in enterprise databases binding corporate data to the wider world / 
The Bible exposition commentary / 
Killing Cassidy : a Dorothy Martin mystery / 
A systems-centered approach to inpatient group psychotherapy / 
Art therapy and computer technology : A virtual studio of possibilities / 
Bringing up a challenging child at home : when love is not enough / 
Law, rights, and disability / 
Art as therapy : collected papers  / 
Practical strategies for living with dyslexia / 
Research in social care and social welfare : issues and debates for practice / 
Kabalistic healing / 
Theorizing feminism : parallel trends in the humanities and social sciences / 
House made of silver / 
Workers' compensation and the changing age of the workforce / 
Hunters of the night : Confederate torpedo boats in the War Between the States / 
Stepmothers and stepdaughters : relationships of chance, friendships for a lifetime / 
Fundamentals of electroanalytical chemistry / 
Nuclear reactor physics / 
Regularized radial basis function networks : theory and applications / 
Multilevel modelling of health statistics / 
Construction : principles, materials, and methods / 
Subsurface microbiology and biogeochemistry / 
Analysis and design of analog integrated circuits / 
Against all odds : ten entrepreneurs who followed their hearts and found success / 
Global marketing management / 
Power of performance management : how leading companies create sustained value / 
The prudent investor's guide to hedge funds : profiting from uncertainty and volatility / 
WealthBuilding : investment strategies for retirement & estate planning / 
Lessons from the Nordstrom way : how companies are emulating the # 1 customer service company / 
Advanced Palm programming / 
Street Italian 1 : the best of Italian slang / 
Indonesia in transition : social aspects of reformasi and crisis / 
Infancy : infant, family, and society / 
Familiar spirits : a memoir of James Merrill and David Jackson / 
Three-dimensional radiation treatment : technological innovations and clinical results / 
My little blue dress : a novel / 
A heart of stone / 
Relapse and recovery in addictions / 
The invention of peace : reflections on war and international order / 
Dante / 
Animals under the ground / 
The signs animals leave / 
High performance manufacturing : global perspectives / 
Global positioning systems, inertial navigation, and integration / 
Bioseparations engineering : principles, practice, and economics / 
Practical experiment designs for engineers and scientists / 
The psychology of money : an investment manager's guide to beating the market / 
The wealthy world : the growth and implications of global prosperity / 
The overland journals of William and Charles Frush / 
The hockey mystery / 
The mystery at the Crooked House / 
Working with conflict : skills and strategies for action / 
Female genital mutilation : a guide to laws and policies worldwide / 
Brave new seeds : the threat of transgenic crops to farmers in the south / 
The meaning of environmental security : ecological politics and policy in the new security era / 
Miraculous metamorphoses : the neoliberalisation of Latin American populism / 
The group as therapist / 
Introduction to criminal justice / 
Corrections : a comprehensive view / 
Biotechnology / 
CowParade New York / 
Introduction to general, organic, and biochemistry / 
Introduction to criminal justice : Texas edition / 
The color of bureaucracy : the politics of equity in mulicultural school communities / 
The human drama : world history / 
Teaching elementary and middle school mathematics : raising the standards / 
Beauty : the new basics / 
Jornadas de fe : selecciones de "El aposento alto" / 
Dynamics and mission design near libration points / 
The rest of our lives / 
Trade and cost competitiveness in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, and Slovenia / 
Opportunities in fund-raising careers / 
A life of magic chemistry : autobiographical reflections of a nobel prize winner / 
Escaping God's closet : the revelations of a queer priest / 
Standing at the scratch line : a novel / 
Sociology : concepts and characteristics / 
From dreams to discovery : a guided journal / 
Things that tick me off! : a guided journal / 
Devil to the belt / 
Romans / 
Bedtime snacks for the soul : meditations to sweeten your dreams / 
Patterns of love / 
Salinity management for sustainable irrigation : integrating science, environment, and economics / 
Hitler's northern war : the Luftwaffe's ill-fated campaign, 1940-1945 / 
Religious freedom and Indian rights : the case of Oregon v. Smith / 
From me to you : the reluctant writer's guide to powerful, personal messages / 
Big Stone Gap / 
Beowulf : a new verse translation / 
Don't make me stop this car! : adventures in fatherhood / 
Demolition angel / 
Long, lean, and lethal / 
Blood money / 
Life under the sun / 
The essential Edmund Leach / 
Rattlesnake crossing : a Joanna Brady mystery / 
Remembering Blue / 
SSN / 
The PMS outlaws : an Elizabeth MacPherson novel / 
24 hours / 
A parting gift / 
The naked face / 
Heartbreaker / 
The stone maiden / 
The XXII Olympiad : Moscow 1980, Sarajevo 1984 / 
The ancient Olympiads & bridges to the modern era / 
The II Olympiad : Paris 1900, the Nordic Games / 
Louis Kahn's situated modernism / 
African rain forest ecology and conservation : an interdisciplinary perspective / 
The Cos Cob art colony : the impressionists on the Connecticut shore / 
The other South : southern dissenters in the nineteenth century / 
For the learners' sake : brain-based instruction for the 21st century / 
Cane River / 
Semiconductor device and failure analysis : using photon emission microscopy / 
Grain boundaries : their microstructure and chemistry / 
Flexible multibody dynamics : a finite element approach / 
Managing commodity risk : using commodity futures and options / 
Transport phenomena : equations and numerical solutions / 
Microwave noise in semiconductor devices / 
Kalman filtering : theory and practice using MATLAB / 
Radio frequency circuit design / 
Principles and applications of asymmetric synthesis / 
Practical data communications / 
Technical trading online / 
Market driven enterprise : product development, supply chains, and manufacturing / 
Project management for business professionals : a comprehensive guide / 
Managing the demand-supply chain : value innovations for customer satisfaction / 
Hold the Balkans! : German antiguerrilla operations in the Balkans (1941-1944) / 
Comparative statics analysis in economics / 
Society and technological change / 
Live in a better way : reflections on truth, love, and happiness / 
Stories of the heart and home / 
The political economy of European monetary unification / 
The United Nations and changing world politics / 
The culture cult : designer tribalism and other essays / 
The congressional experience / 
Legacy of the prophet : despots, democrats, and the new politics of Islam / 
Protest and popular culture : women in the U.S. labor movement, 1894-1917 / 
Of myths and movements : rewriting Chipko into Himalayan history / 
Turkey's new world : changing dynamics in Turkish foreign policy / 
Jazzy jewelry : power beads, crystals, chokers, & illusion and tattoo styles / 
Predictors of multiple workers' compensation claims in Wisconsin / 
The essential Jack Ziegler / 
A different story : the rise of narrative in psychotherapy / 
Sappho and Phaon, 1796 / 
On the picturesque / 
Leonora : 1796 / 
Rooster / 
Marginalia : readers writing in books / 
The economics of medicare reform / 
Loving Christ : recapturing your passion for Jesus / 
High school career academies : a pathway to educational reform in urban school districts? / 
Fiction writer's brainstormer / 
Renewing biblical interpretation / 
The Christian traveler's guide to Germany / 
God gave the song : glimpses into the inspiration behind the songs of Bill and Gloria Gaither / 
What's an "A" anyway : how important are grades / 
Biobehavioral perspectives in criminology / 
Introduction to criminal justice : Illinois edition / 
Introduction to criminal justice / 
Dangerous drift : Russia's Middle East policy / 
Wetlands / 
How I trade options / 
Value investing in commodity futures : how to profit with scale trading / 
Stock detective investor : finding market gems online / 
Net entrepreneurs only : 10 entrepreneurs tell the stories of their success / 
Nutrition, exercise, and behavior : an integrated approach to weight management / 
Ernst & Young's retirement planning guide / 
Damn right! : behind the scenes with Berkshire Hathaway billionaire Charlie Munger / 
Handbook of heterogeneous catalytic hydrogenation for organic synthesis / 
Credit derivatives and credit linked notes / 
Clinician's guide to child custody evaluations / 
AmericanHeritage book of great American speeches for young people / 
The jubilee edition of the Cleveland Wächter und Anzieger, 1902 / 
Essential challenges of strategic management / 
Prairie birds : fragile splendor in the Great Plains / 
Strategy of deception / 
Criminal law and procedure for the paralegal : a systems approach / 
Getting things done : the art of stress-free productivity / 
Jerusalem's heart / 
Auditioning : an actor-friendly guide / 
Ethics at the end of life / 
Learning skills for college and life / 
A primer on crime and delinquency theory / 
New ideas about old age security : toward sustainable pension systems in the 21st century / 
Poverty reduction in the 1990s : an evaluation of strategy and performance / 
Building local bond markets : an Asian perspective / 
Telecommunications legislation in transitional and developing economies / 
The postwar university : utopianist campus and college / 
Islamic art and architecture 650-1250 / 
Rhetoric and law in early modern Europe / 
Virtual rivers : lessons from the mountain rivers of the Colorado front range / 
The NIV English-Greek New Testament : a reverse interlinear / 
The mommy and daddy book : practical tips for new parents from parents who've been there / 
Nonlinear finite elements for continua and structures / 
Bear dogs : canines with a mission / 
Humpty Dumpty egg-splodes / 
The encyclopedia of inventions / 
Henry Hudson / 
Samuel de Champlain / 
Caving : exploring limestone caves / 
Sex, drugs, and HIV/AIDS in Brazil / 
Deliberative democracy : political legitimacy and self-determination in multicultural societies / 
Norway : elites on trial / 
Environmental injustice in the United States : myths and realities / 
Filiation and affiliation / 
Performance-based budgeting / 
Costs and benefits of preventing crime / 
Bones : the unity of form and function / 
Postmodernism and the politics of "culture" / 
Ghost towns of Northern California : your guide to ghost towns and historic mining camps / 
Game on the grill : the art of barbecuing, grilling, and smoking wild game / 
Goldens forever : a heartwarming celebration of the golden retriever / 
Ultimate John Deere : the history of the big green machines / 
Big rigs : the complete history of the American semi truck / 
Post-polio syndrome : a guide for polio survivors and their families / 
The gang : Coleridge, the Hutchinsons & the Wordsworths in 1802 / 
Under the Molehill : an Elizabethan spy story / 
Treason by the book / 
Undercurrents / 
Jane Austen / 
Buddha / 
Crypto : how the code rebels beat the government, saving privacy in the digital age / 
Bug Muldoon : the garden of fear / 
Introduction to biochemical toxicology / 
Coplanar waveguide circuits, components, and systems / 
The codes guidebook for interiors / 
Strategic planning for project management using a project management maturity model / 
Current protocols in food analytical chemistry / 
Play date / 
Everybody wins! / 
Henry keeps score / 
Carrie measures up! / 
Kitten castle / 
The Anderson chronicles : an intimate portrait of Augsburg College, 1963-1997 / 
The wheel of great compassion : the practice of the prayer wheel in Tibetan Buddhism / 
Dragons and tigers : a geography of South, East, and Southeast Asia / 
Corporate finance : theory and practice / 
Classical mechanics : a modern introduction / 
Disaster management in telecommunications, broadcasting, and computer systems / 
Web project management : delivering successful commercial Web sites / 
Parallel programming in OpenMP / 
Blizzard / 
Welcome to kindergarten / 
The American / 
A heartbreaking work of staggering genius / 
Another day of life / 
Call if you need me : the uncollected fiction and other prose / 
10 days to a more powerful vocabulary / 
The dreamthief's daughter : a tale of the albino / 
10 days to more confident public speaking / 
10 days to a sharper memory / 
Karma & reincarnation : a comprehensive, practical, and inspirational guide / 
The intergalactic cafe : an energy guide to the care and feeding of your light body / 
Bruno Walter : a world elsewhere / 
Baa baa black sheep / 
The vagina monologues / 
Abraham Lincoln : letters from a slave girl / 
Jesus among other gods / 
Environmental ethics : an introduction to environmental philosophy / 
New Shanghai : the rocky rebirth of China's legendary city / 
Structured products & hybrid securities / 
The growth of humanity / 
Theory of ground vehicles / 
Site analysis : linking program and concept in land planning and design / 
Splendid soups : recipes and master techniques for making the world's best soups / 
The rescue : a true story of courage and survival in World War II / 
Janice VanCleave's teaching the fun of science / 
Enterprise application integration : a Wiley tech brief / 
J.K. Lasser pro estate and business succession planning : a legal guide to wealth transfer / 
The big tech score : a top Wall Street analyst reveals ten secrets to investing success / 
The World Bank forest strategy : striking the right balance / 
Where did I go right? : you're no one in Hollywood unless someone wants you dead / 
The little soy book / 
The market system : what it is, how it works, and what to make of it / 
Up from serfdom : my childhood and youth in Russia 1804-1824 / 
The last guardian / 
Prayerwalk : becoming a woman of prayer, strength, and discipline / 
No eye can see : a novel of kinship, courage, and faith / 
In search of authentic faith : how emerging generations are transforming the church / 
I exalt you, O God : encountering His greatness in your private worship / 
Volleyball / 
Soccer / 
Hockey / 
Football / 
Basketball / 
Good sex : a whole person approach to teenage sexuality & God / 
Starting right : thinking theologically about youth ministry / 
Spontaneous melodramas 2 : 24 more impromptu skits that bring Bible stories to life / 
What (almost) nobody will tell you about sex : a  student journal / 
The year-round parent / 
Famous first facts about sports / 
Yet I will praise Him : our spiritual odyssey of living with Crohn's disease / 
Passport to learn : projects to challenge high-potential learners / 
Judicial independence in the age of democracy : critical perspectives from around the world / 
Globalization / 
Prayers from the Reformed tradition : in the company of a great cloud of witnesses / 
Ensuring health and income security for an aging workforce / 
Red twilight : the last free days of the Ute Indians / 
Theater of the avant-garde, 1890-1950 : a critical anthology / 
Recollections of my life as a woman : the New York years : a memoir / 
America's queen : the life of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis / 
The changing faces of Jesus / 
After you'd gone / 
For your eye alone / 
The other Davos summit : the globalization of resistance to the world economic system / 
The world ahead : our future in the making / 
The poverty of rights : human rights and the eradication of poverty / 
From the ground up : rethinking industrial agriculture / 
The water manifesto : arguments for a world water contract / 
Intuitive living : a sacred path / 
Gurdjieff and Orage : brothers in Elysium / 
Howdunit : how crimes are committed and solved / 
One acre and security : how to live off the earth without ruining it / 
Inorganic and organometallic polymers / 
Liaisons of life : from hornworts to hippos, how the unassuming microbe has driven evolution / 
The NASDAQ trader's toolkit / 
The New handbook of language and social psychology / 
UMTS : mobile communications for the future / 
Econometrics / 
Handbook of archaeological sciences / 
Goldfinder / 
Great feuds in history : ten of the liveliest disputes ever / 
Enigma : the battle for the code / 
The subjectivity of scientists and the Bayesian approach / 
The crisis counseling and traumatic events treatment planner / 
Real-time systems and software / 
Worlds of E-commerce : economic, geographical and social dimensions / 
Bayesian statistical modelling / 
Pennak's freshwater invertebrates of the United States : Porifera to Crustacea / 
Diabetes in old age / 
California / 
Florida / 
Hawaii / 
High school talksheets--updated! : 50 creative discussions  for high school youth groups / 
More high school talksheets--updated! : 50 creative discussions for high school youth groups / 
Reconstruction and black suffrage : losing the vote in Reese and Cruikshank / 
The city poverty assessment : a primer / 
Who really discovered America? : unraveling the mystery & solving the puzzle / 
Rememberings : the world of a Russian-Jewish woman in the nineteenth century / 
The huntsman / 
The guest list / 
Systems engineering with SDL : developing performance-critical communications systems / 
GSM, cdmaOne, and 3G systems / 
Making transition work for everyone : 
Balancing protection and opportunity : a strategy for social protection in transition economies / 
Roma and the transition in Central and Eastern Europe : trends and challenges / 
Maintaining utility services for the poor : 
The determinants of enterprise restructuring in transition : an assessment of the evidence / 
Natural resource management strategy : 
Rural development strategy : Eastern Europe and Central Asia / 
Crying out for change : voices of the poor / 
From commissars to mayors : cities in the transition economies / 
Economic analysis of investment operations : analytical tools and practical applications / 
Beyond economic growth : meeting the challenges of global development / 
Seurat : drawings and paintings / 
The memory of judgment : making law and history in the trials of the holocaust / 
A sum of destructions : Picasso's cultures & the creation of Cubism / 
The London town garden, 1700-1840 / 
Beyond the easel : decorative paintings by Bonnard, Vuillard, Denis, and Roussel, 1890-1930 / 
Pontormo, Bronzino, Allori : a genealogy of Florentine art / 
Minimalism : art and polemics in the sixties / 
Beginning racquetball / 
Game, set, match : a tennis guide / 
Statistics and data interpretation for the helping professions / 
An invitation to fitness and wellness / 
Becoming a teacher in Texas : a course of study for the Professional Development ExCET / 
Private solutions for infrastructure. 
Confidential U.S. State Department central files. Iraq, 1960-January 1963 [microform] : 
Violence in a post-conflict context : urban poor perceptions from Guatemala / 
Anticorruption in transition : 
Hidden challenges to education systems in transition economies / 
Reel racism : confronting Hollywood's construction of Afro-American culture / 
Betrayals and treason : violations of trust and loyalty / 
The next agenda : blueprint for a new progressive movement / 
Business and state in contemporary Russia / 
Bureaucratizing the good samaritan : the limitations to humanitarian relief operation / 
Global democracy, social movements, and feminism / 
Direct democracy or representative government? : dispelling the populist myth / 
Dark winter / 
Cold flat junction / 
Abraham Lincoln and the road to emancipation, 1861-1865 / 
The myth of sanity : divided consciousness and the promise of awareness / 
The nature of the nonprofit sector / 
Hidden heroism : Black soldiers in America's wars / 
Understanding nonprofit organizations : governance, leadership, and management / 
A corporate form of freedom : the emergence of the modern nonprofit sector / 
The airline encyclopedia, 1909-2000 / 
The case of the orphaned bassoonists : a Cassandra Reilly mystery / 
The Civil War on the Web : a guide to the very best sites / 
Sex, ecology, spirituality : the spirit of evolution / 
Jeeves and the tie that binds / 
Sarah / 
The Statue of Liberty encyclopedia / 
Human chromosomes / 
Algebras of linear transformations / 
C++ and object-oriented numeric computing for scientists and engineers / 
Rational phytotherapy : a physicians' guide to herbal medicine / 
Minimal residual disease in melanoma : biology, detection, and clinical relevance / 
Elements of Newtonian mechanics : including nonlinear dynamics / 
Surface acoustic wave devices in telecommunications : modelling and simulation / 
Coastal marine ecosystems of Latin America / 
Mathematical models for biological pattern formation : frontiers in biological mathematics / 
Partial differential equations in mechanics / 
Obesity : pathology and therapy / 
Geometry / 
The deep-sky observer's year : a guide to observing deep-sky objects throughout the year / 
Industrial knowledge management : a micro-level approach / 
Ice drift, ocean circulation, and climate change / 
Ear, nose, and throat histopathology / 
Digraphs : theory, algorithms, and applications / 
Molecular engineering of nanosystems / 
The Olives dessert table : spectacular restaurant desserts you can make at home / 
Everyday racism : a book for all Americans / 
Now that you're out of the closet : what about the rest of the house? / 
The career fix-it book : how to make your job work better for you / 
Seeds of racism in the soul of America / 
Everyday opportunities for extraordinary parenting / 
The complete book of laser eye surgery / 
How to think like Einstein : simple ways to break the rules and discover your hidden genius / 
What do men want? : real men expose their needs & desires / 
The book of massage : the complete step-by-step guide to Eastern and Western techniques / 
Being Jewish : the spiritual and cultural practice of Judaism today / 
Journey : a personal odyssey / 
The man who found the missing link : Eugène Dubois and his lifelong quest to prove Darwin right / 
Marching into a new millennium : challenges to educational leadership / 
Minolta classic cameras : Maxxum 7000, 9000, 7000i, 8000i, SRT series, XDII / 
Up, up, down! / 
The pocket dogs / 
Animal males and females / 
Nin / 
Policy and law in heritage conservation / 
Management of historic centres / 
Sigrid Undset in America : an annotated bibliography and research guide / 
Women saints in world religions / 
Ecology and evolution of the freshwater mussels Unionoida / 
Economic policy in a monetary union / 
Dead cat bounce / 
Rebellious hearts : British women writers and the French Revolution / 
After ontology : literary theory and modernist poetics / 
Nazism / 
Teaching spirits : understanding Native American religious traditions / 
Authority and asceticism from Augustine to Gregory the Great / 
Optimality theory : phonology, syntax, and acquisition / 
Confronting catastrophe : new perspectives on natural disasters / 
Humanities handbook / 
Nina Campbell's decorating secrets : easy ways to achieve the professional look / 
State capacity in East Asia : Japan, Taiwan, China, and Vietnam / 
Pathology of the aging human nervous system / 
Oscar Wilde's profession : writing and the culture industry in the late nineteenth century / 
At home in the cosmos / 
Dictionary of Roman religion / 
Radical enlightenment : philosophy and the making of modernity, 1650-1750 / 
Ethan Allen's new American style/ 
Digital electronics with PLD integration / 
Mathematics for business careers / 
The Erick Hawkins modern dance technique / 
Fiber-optic communications technology / 
The Z80 microprocessor : architecture, interfacing, programming, and design / 
No kiss for Grandpa / 
Sammy and the robots / 
Great prayers and pray-ers of the Bible / 
Rumors at school / 
New Bremen 2000 / 
Relational wealth : the advantages of stability in a changing economy / 
Elementary mathematical modeling : functions and graphs / 
Computer ethics / 
Researching palliative care / 
Angelina's birthday / 
Organic chemistry / 
Phlebotomy basics : with other laboratory techniques/ 
Introduction to research in music / 
Criminal justice ethics / 
Information technology and the future enterprise : new models for managers / 
Territorial sovereignty over Dokdo and international law / 
Systems analysis and design : an active approach / 
Marvelous transforming toys : with complete instructions and plans / 
Bambini : The Italian approach to infant/toddler care / 
The politics of institutional choice : the formation of the Russian State Duma / 
Surveillance society : monitoring everyday life / 
Play today in the primary school playground : life, learning, and creativity / 
Deconstructing special education and constructing inclusion / 
Work-based learning : a new higher education? / 
Understanding violent crime / 
Selected poems of Solomon Ibn Gabirol / 
Making sense of war : the Second World War and the fate of the Bolshevik Revolution / 
Excursions in modern mathematics / 
New hope for people with bipolar disorder / 
Matthew and the margins : a sociopolitical and religious reading / 
Ghanaian popular fiction : "thrilling discoveries in conjugal life" & other tales / 
The Clinton scandals and the politics of image restoration / 
Hybrid urbanism : on the identity discourse and the built environment / 
Globalization and strategic alliances : the case of the airline industry / 
License my roving hands : poems and stories / 
The essentials of CAGD / 
CDMA internetworking : deploying the Open A-Interface / 
Modern art in the USA : issues and controversies of the 20th century / 
Duane Hanson : virtual reality / 
The threefold way of Saint Francis / 
Arthur C. Clarke's mysteries / 
Death and compassion : a virtue-based approach to euthanasia / 
Commercial application and marketing of water plant resicuals [i. e. residuals] / 
Regulation and markets beyond 2000 / 
Reading and writing to learn mathematics : a guide and a resource book / 
Russian and Soviet economic performance and structure / 
Oral motor assessment and treatment : ages and stages / 
Elliptic partial differential equations / 
Casting your net : a student's guide to research on the Internet / 
Leadership on the otherside : 
Teaching children science : discovery methods for the elementary and middle grades / 
Addison Wesley's interactive UNIX tutorial and reference / 
Oil flow studies at low temperatures in modern engines / 
Natural organic matter in drinking water : recommendations to water utilities / 
An introduction to superprocesses / 
Kolmogorov in perspective / 
Study of revenge : Saddam Hussein's unfinished war against America / 
In search of an identity : essays and ideas on Anglo-Australians, German-Australians, and others / 
Illicit activity : the economics of crime, drugs, and tax fraud / 
The last word : insights about the church and ministry / 
The collector's voice : 
The making of Kind of blue : Miles Davis and his masterpiece / 
Falcon brigade : combat and command in Somalia and Haiti / 
High-performance Web databases : design, development, and deployment / 
School refusal behavior in youth : a functional approach to assessment and treatment / 
Longevity : an alternative medicine definitive guide / 
Magnet therapy : an alternative medicine definitive guide / 
Technology transfer and the university / 
Koyukon Athabaskan dictionary / 
The life and thought of St. Edith Stein / 
The command of light : Rowland's school of physics and the spectrum / 
On the cosmic horizon : ten great mysteries for third millennium astronomy / 
Germany's Lightning War : the campaigns of World War II / 
Classic Jeeps : the Jeep from World War II to the present day / 
Managing workplace negativity / 
Developing major gifts : turning small donors into big contributors / 
Imaging in chemical dynamics / 
Freemasonry and the Vatican : a struggle for recognition / 
Freemasonry interpreted / 
The house on Dream Street : memoir of an American woman in Vietnam / 
Guidelines for chemical process quantitative risk analysis / 
Prealgebra and introductory algebra / 
Looking to learn : promoting literacy for students with low vision / 
A metaphysics for the future / 
Flag burning : moral panic and the criminalization of protest / 
The children's Shakespeare / 
Cutter's Island : Caesar in captivity / 
American impressionists abroad and at home : 
Business continuity planning : protecting your organization's life / 
The blue edge / 
Criminal procedure : examples and explanations / 
Modules over non-Noetherian domains / 
The color of absence : 12 stories about loss and hope  / 
The word detective / 
The hatbox baby : a novel / 
Introduction to online journalism : publishing news and information / 
Or : is it a game or is it life? / 
The fantastic ordinary world of Lutz Rathenow : poems, plays & stories / 
Careers for homebodies & other independent souls / 
Careers in child care / 
Careers in writing / 
Opportunities in osteopathic medicine careers / 
Designing a total data solution : technology, implementation and deployment / 
Day-by-day in baseball history / 
Holiday parties for children : a complete planning guide / 
Criminal law / 
Financial accounting & reporting / 
The Facts on File world political almanac : from 1945 to the present / 
Clay / 
The anthropological turn : the human orientation of the theology of Karl Rahner / 
Safety training basics : a handbook for safety training program development / 
Corruption in the developed world / 
Corruption in the developing world : 
Remaining and becoming : cultural crosscurrents in an Hispano school / 
Controlling corruption / 
Explaining corruption / 
Interpersonal sensitivity : theory and measurement / 
The pusher and the sufferer : an unsentimental reading of Moby Dick / 
Gold and frankincense and myrrh : stories / 
Girl of Kosovo / 
A face first / 
Eliza's babes, or, The virgin's offering (1652) : a critical edition / 
Australian literature, 1788-1914 / 
God game / 
The lucky lizard / 
Short takes : fast-break basketball poetry / 
The Sailors' Snug Harbor : a history, 1801-2001 / 
To dance the dance : a symbolic interactional exploration of premarital sexuality / 
Success for All : research and reform in elementary education / 
Plague time : how stealth infections cause cancers, heart disease, and other deadly ailments / 
The trusted advisor / 
The politics of women's studies : testimony from thirty founding mothers / 
God and the excluded : visions and blind spots in contemporary theology / 
Who speaks for the poor : national interest groups and social policy / 
Intense years : how Japanese adolescents balance school, family, and friends / 
Path dependence and creation / 
The economics of unemployment / 
Workers without traditional employment : an international study of non-standard work / 
Extreme investor : [intelligent information from the edge] / 
New dimensions in photo processes : a step-by-step manual / 
Cave temples of Mogao : art and history on the silk road / 
U.S. Geological Survey coastal and marine geology research : recent highlights and achievements / 
Internet & Web essentials : what you need to know / 
In touch : texture in design / 
The baby who changed the world / 
The prayer chain / 
War words : language, history, and the disciplining of English / 
Encyclopedia of historical treaties and alliances  / 
Destiny Valley : a western story / 
The case of the troublesome turtle / 
Ghost wolf of Thunder Mountain : frontier stories / 
Failsafe is project delivery / 
Utterly charming / 
Treasure of the Templars : a western story / 
The lonesome Chisholm Trail : a Western story / 
The bright face of danger : a James Geraldi trio / 
Borderlands : western stories / 
Up-hill all the way / 
The running iron : a western story / 
The Holocaust / 
Beto and the bone dance / 
One more Wednesday / 
It's my city! : a singing map / 
The big bang / 
Exploring chemical analysis / 
Origin, extent, and thickness of Quaternary geologic units in the Willamette Valley, Oregon / 
Dark : stories of madness, murder, and the supernatural / 
A different kind of intimacy : 
The Coen brothers / 
Everest : alone at the summit : a survival story / 
I'd hate myself in the morning : a memoir / 
Such desperate joy : imagining Jackson Pollock / 
Rex Barlow, Montana marshal / 
Gosnold's hope : the story of Captain Bartholomew  Gosnold / 
A door / 
Talk! Talk! Talk! : tools to facilitate language / 
The new Central Asia : in search of stability : a report to the Trilateral Commission / 
Negro slavery in Arkansas / 
To conquer is to live : the life of Captain John Smith of Jamestown / 
The history of the counts of Guines and lords of Ardres / 
The anatolikon / 
Campaign reform : insights and evidence / 
The lesser kindred / 
Birds of the Southwest : Arizona, New Mexico, southern California & southern Nevada / 
Birds of the Texas Panhandle : their status, distribution, and history / 
Culture in the American Southwest : the earth, the sky, the people / 
Critical essays on Ngũgĩ wa Thiongʾo / 
Unbeaten tracks in Japan / 
The royal road to romance / 
Understanding wood : a craftsman's guide to wood technology / 
Creating the not so big house : insights and ideas for the new American home / 
Workshop : methods of work / 
Deciding usage : evidence and interpretation / 
Scripture as story / 
A stranger within the gates : Charlotte Brontë and Victorian Irishness / 
A new century in retrospect and prospect / 
Interdisciplinary curriculum : challenges to implementation / 
Turning points 2000 : educating adolescents in the 21st century / 
Handle with care : understanding children and teachers : a field guide for parents and educators / 
Beginning reading and writing / 
Cultivating leadership in schools : connecting people, purpose, and practice / 
Language crossings : negotiating the self in a multi-cultural world / 
Critical encounters in high school English : teaching literary theory to adolescents / 
Communication law : the Supreme Court and the First Amendment / 
Keystone : the American occupation of Okinawa and U.S.-Japanese relations / 
The book of shadows : the unofficial "Charmed" companion / 
Educating for professionalism : creating a culture of humanism in medical education / 
Whitman and the Irish / 
International asset securitization and other financing tools / 
International deregulation and privatization / 
International crimes, peace, and human rights : the role of the International Criminal Court / 
Cottages by the sea : the handmade homes of Carmel, America's first artist community / 
Mill : the history and future of naturally powered buildings / 
Homesteads ungovernable : families, sex, race, and the law in frontier Texas, 1823-1860 / 
How to grow native plants of Texas and the Southwest / 
The teacup ministry & other stories : subtle boundaries of class / 
The foods of Israel today / 
Dialogues des cultures / 
Environmental engineering dictionary and directory / 
Farm blacksmithing : practical hints for handy-men / 
MARC code list for countries / 
MARC code list for geographic areas / 
Salvation : scenes from the life of St. Francis / 
The Supreme Court / 
Reinforced concrete and the modernization of American building, 1900-1930 / 
House calls : memoirs of life with a Kentucky doctor / 
Figured in marble : the making and viewing of eighteenth-century sculpture / 
The horror film reader / 
Essentials of nursing research : methods, appraisal, and utilization / 
Color atlas of the eye in systemic disease / 
Sammy Spider's first Tu B'Shevat / 
A child is born / 
Cosserat theories : shells, rods, and points / 
Global optimization with non-convex constraints : sequential and parallel algorithms / 
Legal reductionism and freedom / 
Non-Noetherian commutative ring theory / 
Functional equations and inequalities / 
Dominated operators / 
Survey on classical inequalities / 
Lattice concepts of module theory / 
The German chemical industry in the twentieth century / 
Scheduling : control-based theory and polynomial-time algorithms / 
Programming in C++ / 
Happy birthday, Moo Moo / 
Contemporary practical/vocational nursing / 
For love of wildness : the journal of a U.S. game management agent / 
The fugitive legacy : a critical history / 
Topsoil Road : poems / 
No ordinary Olive / 
Silicon-containing polymers : the science and technology of their synthesis and applications / 
Adrenal disease in childhood : clinical and molecular aspects / 
A simplified guide to custom stairbuilding and tangent handrailing / 
Plumer's principles & practice of intravenous therapy / 
Biomechanics of soft tissue injury / 
The Supreme Court and unconstitutional legislation / 
Biocontrol potential and its exploitation in  sustainable agriculture / 
Goal-directed proof theory / 
Mechanics of curved composites / 
Bing Crosby : a pocketful of dreams / 
The best part of me : children talk about their bodies in pictures and words / 
Christina Aguilera / 
Tarot shadow work : using the dark symbols to heal / 
Evolution and Bahá'í belief : ʻAbduʾl-Bahá's response to nineteenth-century Darwinism / 
Therapeutic immunology / 
Blueprints in medicine / 
Blueprints in surgery / 
Blueprints in psychiatry / 
Arcana mundi : selected works, 1979-2000 / 
Lifestyle nutrition / 
Interventional radiology : a multimedia approach / 
Blueprints in obstetrics and gynecology / 
Blueprints in pediatrics / 
The alchemy of light : geometry and optics in late Renaissance alchemical illustration / 
Knowledge horizons : the present and the promise of knowledge management / 
The gender-neutral Bible controversy : muting the masculinity of God's words / 
Basic economics : a citizen's guide to the economy / 
The queen, the bear and the bumblebee / 
Ferret husbandry, medicine, and surgery / 
The finite element method using MATLAB / 
Enzymes in farm animal nutrition / 
A dictionary of entomology / 
Cereal biotechnology / 
Tibetan medicinal plants / 
Polynomial automorphisms and the Jacobian conjecture / 
Quasi-hydrodynamic semiconductor equations / 
Stochastic spectral theory for selfadjoint Feller operators : a functional integration approach / 
De Rham cohomology of differential modules on algebraic varieties / 
Functional foods : concept to product / 
The principles of thermal sciences and their application to engineering / 
On any given day / 
The enterprise university : power, governance, and reinvention in Australia / 
Political theory and the rights of indigenous peoples / 
Holman treasury of key Bible words : 
Christology, controversy, and community : New Testament essays in honour of David R. Catchpole / 
Spanish verbs / 
Biomedical applications of computer modeling / 
Immunology at a glance / 
Marvelous old mansions : and other southern treasures / 
Industrial waste treatment handbook / 
Cybermarketing : how to use the Internet to market your goods and services / 
A little house of my own : 47 grand designs for 47 tiny houses / 
Timetables of medicine / 
Road & track illustrated automotive dictionary / 
Applied mathematical methods for chemical engineers / 
Broadening the genetic bases of crop production / 
Forensic engineering investigation / 
Understanding programming : an introduction using C++ / 
The encyclopedia of ecotourism / 
The genesis of narrative in Malory's Morte Darthur / 
Jesusgate / 
The story of Vajont / 
Understanding laboratory investigations : a text for nurses and other health care professionals / 
Compatible cats : keeping a contented feline in a peaceful household / 
Civic duty : the ultimate guide to the world's most popular sport compact car--the Honda Civic / 
Employment dynamics in rural Europe / 
The collaboration guide for early career educators / 
Assessment for crisis intervention : a triage assessment model / 
The occult laboratory : magic, science, and second sight in late seventeenth-century Scotland / 
Correction officer examination / 
Let's prepare for the grade 8 language arts test / 
The heroes of Kasht : an Armenian epic = Kašti kaǰer / 
The heart of success : conversations with notable achievers / 
Dutch romances / 
Basic mathematics / 
Lucky Luciano : the man who organized crime in America / 
The king embodies the Word : Robert d'Anjou and the politics of preaching / 
Unorthodox lawmaking : new legislative processes in the U.S. Congress / 
The complete New York Yankees : the total encyclopedia of the team / 
Demolition : the art of demolishing, dismantling, imploding, toppling & razing / 
Take me out to the ballpark : an illustrated tour of baseball parks past and present / 
Corvette 427 : practical restoration of a '67 roadster / 
Fuzzy neural intelligent systems : mathematical foundation and the applications in engineering / 
Forensic engineering / 
Vehicular accident investigation and reconstruction / 
Braids and self-distributivity / 
Ortner & Ortner : Wörterbuch der Baukunst = primer of architecture / 
Kirtland : a novel of courage and romance / 
The political economy of social inequalities : consequences for health and quality of life / 
Reaching for hope : an LDS perspective on recovering from depression / 
Knives and scabbards / 
The Martin Murphy family saga / 
A humanistic approach to penmanship / 
Golf rules illustrated / 
The story of American golf / 
The courage to lead : start your own mutual help support group / 
Looking forward to Christmas : family devotions for the season / 
Bringing your family history to life through social history / 
The valedictorian, and other stories / 
The enigma of Anna O. : a biography of Bertha Pappenheim / 
Foundations of time-frequency analysis : with 15 figures / 
Pristine transfinite graphs and permissive electrical networks / 
Advances in mathematical systems theory : a volume in honor of Diedrich Hinrichsen / 
Max / 
Georgica Pond / 
Celestial gallery / 
The invertebrates : a synthesis / 
China : the photographs of Lois Conner / 
Encouraging children to learn / 
Breaking 90 with Johnny Miller / 
An artist's garden : [the paintings of Raymond Booth] / 
Art and propaganda : Charles IV of Bohemia, 1346-1378 / 
The quotable dog lover / 
The walker within : forty-five lives changed by walking / 
Pearls of country wisdom : hints from a small town on keeping garden and home / 
Poker strategy / 
Early on : a collection of short stories / 
Modern experimental biochemistry / 
Hyperbolic manifolds and discrete groups / 
Journeys in Islamic countries / 
If life is a game, how come I'm not having fun? : a guide to life's challenges / 
The Berenstain Bears and the big blooper / 
Boats / 
Bobo crazy / 
Twister on Tuesday / 
Secret Santa / 
Life of Moravia / 
To fill the skies with pilots : the civilian pilot training program, 1939-1946 / 
Fundamentals of contamination control / 
The seven sacred rites of menopause : the spiritual journey to the wise-woman years / 
Octopus under the sea / 
Leadership for safe schools : a community-based approach / 
Thornapples : the comings, goings, and outdoor doings of a naturalist / 
Introduction to design for civil engineers / 
The legacy ; & The testament / 
Jefferson's children : the story of one American family / 
Places and politics in an age of globalization / 
Targeting senior voters : campaign outreach to elders and others with special needs / 
The language of real estate / 
Guide to passing the PSI real estate exam / 
Questions & answers to help you pass the real estate appraisal exams / 
The Devil's code / 
Communion with God / 
The 6 secrets of a lasting relationship : how to fall in love again--and stay there / 
Three complete novels / 
Lost and found / 
Free help from Uncle Sam to start your own business (or expand the one you have) / 
Clinical maxillofacial prosthetics / 
Space mysteries / 
Live from the gates of hell : an insider's look at the antiabortion underground / 
Sophokles : the complete plays / 
Federico García Lorca : impossible theater : five plays and thirteen poems / 
Nine adaptations for the American stage / 
Pollen and pollination / 
Control of complex systems / 
Aquatic invertebrate cell culture / 
Swinging on the garden gate : a spiritual memoir / 
See for yourself : more than 100 experiments for science fairs and projects / 
The time of indifference / 
When firms change direction / 
Flares of memory : stories of childhood during the Holocaust / 
Fundamentals of philosophy / 
Morality and the law / 
Mechanics, heat, and the human body / 
Jazz chants old and new / 
A hundreth sundrie flowres / 
Forging links : African American children clinical developmental perspectives / 
Art & empire : the politics of ethnicity in the United States Capitol, 1815-1860 / 
Ethics and dialogue : in the works of Levinas, Bakhtin, Mandelśhtam, and Celan / 
Mixed-member electoral systems : the best of both worlds? / 
World jury systems / 
Johnny Appleseed : the story of a legend / 
Prelude to political economy : a study of the social and political foundations of economics / 
Aphra Behn's afterlife / 
Making fiscal policy in Japan : economic effects and institutional settings / 
University of Washington / 
End-user information systems : implementing individual and work group technologies / 
Legal liabilities at Bayshore Science / 
Buildings of Nevada / 
Dermatopathology in systemic disease / 
Complete writings / 
Duke University : an architectural tour / 
Ayi Kwei Armah, radical iconoclast : pitting imaginary worlds against the actual / 
Midland / 
John D. Rockefeller : anointed with oil / 
Aristotle's ethics / 
Diagnosis and troubleshooting of automotive electrical, electronic, and computer systems / 
Automotive engines : theory and servicing / 
Punishment, responsibility, and justice : a relational critique / 
History of the Jews in modern times / 
Who killed the great auk? / 
Pressure ulcers : guidelines for prevention and management / 
Nikon classic cameras / 
The delay of the heart / 
Henry Fielding and the narration of Providence : divine design and the incursions of evil / 
Conversations with Indian economists / 
Literary lives : biography and the search for understanding / 
Political genealogy after Foucault : savage identities / 
Heroines of sport : the politics of difference and identity / 
Responsibility : the many faces of a social phenomenon / 
Econometrics : a practical approach / 
Hearing film : tracking identifications in contemporary Hollywood film music / 
Enter the body : women and representation on Shakespeare's stage / 
Classic country : legends of country music / 
The middling sorts : explorations in the history of the American middle class / 
Technology and in/equality : questioning the information society / 
Blindness : the history of a mental image in western thought / 
The Crusades : Islamic perspectives / 
The World Wide Web and contemporary cultural theory / 
Globalization : the reader / 
The gender and science reader / 
Evidence in the psychological therapies : a critical guide for practitioners / 
Adult attachment and couple psychotherapy : the 'secure base' in practice and research / 
The World of theatre. : an account of the theatre seasons 1996-97, 1997-98 and 1998-99 / 
Becoming a successful teacher of mathematics / 
Archaeologies of the contemporary past / 
Rocky Mountain : a vistor's companion / 
Historical dictionary of Liberia / 
Creative ropecraft / 
The making of India : a historical survey / 
American Indian tribes / 
Combat service support guide / 
Three deadly days in Spain / 
Five smooth stones / 
Stages of meditation : [commentary] / 
The great treatise on the stages of the path to enlightenment / 
50 common mammals of the Southwest / 
Westward to home / 
The journal of Biddy Owens, the Negro leagues / 
Albert Schweitzer : a biography / 
The most of P.G. Wodehouse / 
How the Grinch stole Hollywood : the making of the movie starring Jim Carrey as the Grinch / 
Pattern classification : neuro-fuzzy methods and their comparison / 
System design through MATLAB, Control Toolbox and SIMULINK / 
AstroFAQs : questions amateur astronomers frequently ask / 
Cognition, rationality, and institutions / 
The Sherlock Holmes triviography and quiz book / 
Legends of the tribe : an illustrated history of the Cleveland Indians / 
Trying again : a guide to pregnancy after miscarriage, stillbirth, and infant loss / 
Moms with ADD : a self-help manual / 
Never say never / 
White House kids / 
The river king / 
The iron veil / 
Pillars of gold / 
The winds of chance / 
Abracadaver / 
Coffin's ghost / 
An independent wife / 
Hurricane : the miraculous journey of Rubin Carter / 
The wonderful thing about pets : remarkable stories about the animals who share our lives / 
Gunman's goal : a western story / 
In the balance / 
Michael Caine / 
Hard to forget : an alzheimer's story / 
Windchill summer / 
Particulate interactions in dry powder formulations for inhalation / 
Working with challenging youth : lessons learned along the way / 
One year through the Bible : with devotionals / 
801 questions kids ask about God : 
Fools are everywhere : the court jester around the world / 
Created unequal : the crisis in American pay / 
The brain / 
Personality : theories, assessment, research, and applications / 
God is no laughing matter : observations and objections on the spiritual path / 
Beyond the border : a new age in Latin American women's fiction / 
Cuba today and tomorrow : reinventing socialism / 
The Jews in Weimar Germany / 
At war with Mexico : a fictional mosaic / 
The age of steam : the locomotives, the railroads, and their legacy / 
Regions that work : how cities and suburbs can grow together / 
The feast of Saint Abraham : medieval millenarians and the Jews / 
Kidtopia: 'round the country and back through time in 60 projects / 
The roots of literacy / 
Secrets of victory : the Office of Censorship and the American press and radio in World War II / 
Riverwalk : explorations along the Cache la Poudre River / 
Color of law : a novel / 
Serendib  / 
Local matters : race, crime, and justice in the nineteenth-century South / 
As Eve said to the serpent : on landscape, gender, and art / 
They are sleeping : poems / 
Poetry as persuasion / 
Big Bend : stories / 
A crash of rhinos / 
Buncombe Bob : the life and times of Robert Rice Reynolds / 
The Dixiecrat revolt and the end of the solid South, 1932-1968 / 
A year in our gardens : letters by Nancy Goodwin and Allen Lacy / 
The wages of sickness : the politics of health insurance in progressive America / 
MacArthur and the American century : a reader / 
General William S. Harney : prince of dragoons / 
A Civil War treasury of tales, legends, and folklore / 
Eugene Field and his age / 
The inveterate dreamer : essays and conversations on Jewish culture / 
The self-care advisor : the essential home health guide for you and your family / 
Reconstituting authority : American fiction in the province of the law, 1880-1920 / 
A guide to the helping professions / 
Contemporary plant systematics / 
Seeing eye to eye : an administrator's guide to students with low vision / 
Writing, reading, and research / 
SQL queries for mere mortals : a hands-on guide to data manipulation in SQL / 
State action practice manual / 
Career counseling of college students : an empirical guide to strategies that work / 
The Supreme Court and its justices / 
Intellectual property misuse : 
Introduction to cross-cultural psychology : critical thinking and contemporary application / 
India through the lens : photography 1840-1911 / 
Asian traditions in clay : the Hauge gifts / 
The history of the United Methodist Church in Nigeria / 
Marketing to ethnic consumers : an annotated bibliography / 
Notes on Seiberg-Witten theory / 
Infections associated with indwelling medical devices / 
Residential sales comparison approach : deriving, documenting, and defending your value opinion / 
Controlling stress and tension / 
Dyspepsia / 
Phase II evaluation findings. The segmental concrete channel bridge system / 
Demography : the science of population / 
Applying sociology : making a better world / 
Great jobs for psychology majors / 
Our Florida : heritage of the Sunshine State in stories and photos / 
Agriculture in Tanzania since 1986 : 
Christianity in Jewish terms / 
The politics of oil-producer cooperation / 
The African experience : from Olduvai Gorge to the 21st century / 
The amber spyglass / 
Distributed and parallel systems : from instruction parallelism to cluster computing / 
The determinants of economic growth / 
Beauty care for the tongue / 
Psycholinguistics : language, mind, and world / 
Database application development and design / 
Crafting and executing strategy : text and readings / 
Strategic management : concepts and cases / 
Electronic circuit analysis and design / 
Advanced accounting / 
Design of analog CMOS integrated circuits / 
Interpersonal conflict / 
The Java 3D API specification / 
Keeping the people who keep you in business : 24 ways to hang on to your most valuable talent / 
Papyri in memory of P.J. Sijpesteijn (P. Sijp.) / 
C++ Coach : essentials for introductory programming / 
Law of title insurance / 
Literature-based reading activities / 
Web 101 : making the Net work for you / 
Trigger happy : videogames and the entertainment revolution / 
Digital rush : nine internet start-ups in the race for dot-com riches / 
A unifying approach to the theories and practice of psychotherapy and counseling / 
American Indian values and scientific practice / 
The supply chain network @ Internet speed : preparing your company for the E-commerce revolution / 
Teaching by principles : an interactive approach to language pedagogy / 
Survival guide for new probation officers / 
Babar's little girl / 
Delivering satisfaction and service quality : a customer-based approach for libraries / 
Handbook of clinical anesthesia / 
Practical management of the dizzy patient / 
CMSA--core curriculum for case management / 
Respiratory infections / 
Lo es / 
The technology connection : building a successful library media program / 
Video production for school library media specialists : communication and production techniques / 
MARC code lists for relators, sources, description conventions / 
MARC code list for organizations / 
Vested in grace : priesthood and marriage in the Christian East / 
Neurotrophin protocols / 
American spiritualities : a reader / 
Kama sutra : the rules of love and erotic practice / 
Agnes Grey / 
Cassidy's Run : the secret spy war over nerve gas / 
Pudd'nhead Wilson / 
Pieces of silver / 
The chieftain without a heart / 
The proud ones / 
Melora / 
Old Ironsides / 
Frederick Trench, 1746-1836 and Heywood, Queen's County : the creation of a romantic landscape / 
Prior Roger Outlaw of Kilmainham / 
Portlaw, county Waterford, 1825-76 : portrait of an industrial village and its cotton industry / 
Ginger : common spice & wonder drug / 
Heart-shaped box / 
The night is for hunting / 
Heinle & Heinle's complete guide to the TOEFL test, CBT ed. / 
Thinking with your soul : spiritual intelligence and why it matters / 
Emotional alchemy : how the mind can heal the heart / 
Our twisted hero / 
Climate policy--from Rio to Kyoto : a political issue for 2000--and beyond / 
Pumpkin eye / 
Assess your true risk of breast cancer / 
Sisterhood of spies : the women of the OSS / 
Power and the presidency / 
When I was built / 
Very boring alligator / 
Head, body, legs : a story from Liberia / 
Hannah's bookmobile Christmas / 
If the shoe fits / 
The plight of Monaghan Protestants, 1912-26 / 
The imitation of Christ : how Jesus wants us to live / Thomas à Kempis / 
Hestia / 
My family shall be free! : the life of Peter Still / 
Down the Yukon / 
Black is brown is tan / 
River boy : the story of Mark Twain / 
Trial by journal / 
Bug dance / 
Hormones and the mind : a woman's guide to enhancing mood, memory, and sexual vitality / 
Mrs. Jeffries takes stock / 
Metadata and organizing educational resources on the Internet / 
Violence : diverse populations and communities / 
Readers, reading, and librarians / 
Clip, clip, clip : three stories about-- hair / 
When Esther Morris headed West : women, Wyoming, and the right to vote  / 
By the light of the captured moon / 
The essential knot book / 
Faith of my fathers : a family memoir / 
Self-care for caregivers : a twelve step approach / 
R&D, education, and productivity : a retrospective / 
Egyptian mummies : people from the past / 
Protein structure, stability, and folding / 
Prostate cancer screening / 
Business ethics in healthcare : beyond compliance / 
Women & music : a history / 
In dubious battle / 
24 Years of House work-- and the place is still a mess : my life in politics / 
A Charlie Brown Christmas : the making of a tradition / 
Custer's luck / 
The colors of memory : a novel / 
State of a union : inside the complex marriage of Bill and Hillary Clinton / 
Soul's perfection / 
Widening the circle : inspiration and guidance for community living / 
Attacking football's Wing-T / 
The plays of Jack London / 
Global electronic commerce : a policy primer / 
An ocean to cross : daring the Atlantic, claiming a new life / 
Literature-based workshops for language arts : ideas for active learning grades K-2 / 
Teaching language in context / 
Celebrating children's choices : 25 years of children's favorite books / 
My family plays music / 
Somewhere south of here : a novel / 
The bold saboteurs / 
Murphy meets the treadmill / 
Uncle Daddy / 
The soul in love : classic poems of ecstasy and exaltation / 
Mendel Rosenbusch : tales for Jewish children / 
Thrombolytic therapy for stroke / 
Reggae wisdom : proverbs in Jamaican music / 
Perspectives on Harry Crews / 
Earl Hooker, blues master / 
Freedom and time : a theory of constitutional self-government / 
The ancient world in the cinema / 
Utopia / 
Criminal justice in action : the core / 
Dollars and change : economics in context / 
Sidetracked home executives : from pigpen to paradise / 
Mad for God : Bartolomé Sánchez, the secret Messiah of Cardenete / 
Applications of synthetic resin latices / 
Back talk from Appalachia : confronting stereotypes / 
Bountiful women : large women's secrets for living the life they desire / 
Jokelopedia : the biggest, best, silliest, dumbest, joke book ever! / 
What our children teach us : lessons in joy, love, and awareness / 
Misfortune / 
Talking money : everything you need to know about your finances and your future / 
Kleopatra / 
Anything goes! : what I've learned from pundits, politicians, and presidents / 
Power talk : using language to build authority and influence / 
Breathing underwater / 
Monsieur Eek / 
Parenting after divorce : a guide to resolving conflicts and meeting your children's needs / 
Michèle Le Dœuff : operative philosophy and imaginary practice / 
Teaching swimming and water safety : the Australian way / 
Free radicals in exercise and aging / 
Teaching infant and preschool aquatics : water experiences the Australian way / 
The struggles of Brown, Jones, and Robinson / 
Savage Oaks : a novel / 
The professor / 
The long valley / 
Illusion / 
The petticoat affair : manners, mutiny, and sex in Andrew Jackson's White House / 
The hole in the universe : how scientists peered over the edge of emptiness and found everything / 
My grandfather Jack the Ripper / 
The ersatz elevator / 
Microsoft Windows Me millennium edition secrets / 
Palm OS programming Bible / 
Reclaim your family from addiction : how couples and families recover love and meaning / 
Intelligent transportation primer / 
Love first : a new approach to intervention for alcoholism and drug addiction / 
I can see tomorrow : a guide for living with depression / 
Tathea / 
Captive embraces / 
Ghana's concert party theatre / 
Trumps of doom / 
Teen ink : our voices, our visions / 
FatherLoss : how sons of all ages come to terms with the deaths of their dads / 
For my daughter on her wedding day : a keepsake journal from mother to daughter / 
For my daughter on the birth of her first child : a keepsake journal from mother to daughter / 
Hot stuff : a brief history of disco / 
Manolo Blahnik / 
Women at the podium : memorable speeches in history / 
Legendary brides / 
The perfect wedding reception : stylish ideas for every season / 
Essentials of public relations / 
Irish immigrants in New York City, 1945-1995 / 
Seeking history : teaching with primary sources in grades 4-6 / 
Introduction to public administration : a book of readings / 
The systematic design of instruction / 
Twin souls : finding your true spiritual partner / 
Francis of Assisi / 
Watch me grow, I'm two : every parent's guide to the lively & challenging 24- to 36- month-old / 
Teacher leadership in mathematics and science : casebook and facilitator's guide / 
Bald in the land of big hair : a true story / 
The unexpected storm : the Gulf War legacy / 
Alan Simpson's Windows Me bible / 
Wednesday's child : a novel / 
Unix bible / 
Side by side / 
Texts and contexts : writing about literature with critical theory / 
The miracle of sponsorship : recovery stories of hope and renewal / 
Twelve step Christianity : the Christian roots and application of the twelve steps / 
Reflections on exile and other essays / 
Mother Jones : the most dangerous woman in America / 
Working clean and sober : a guide for all recovering people / 
Workplace intervention : the bottom line on helping addicted employees become productive again / 
Wishing on a star : constellation stories and stargazing activities for kids / 
An event in space : JoAnne Akalaitis in rehearsal / 
Blue Creek Farm : a Matty Trescott novel / 
The joys of motherhood / 
The rescue season : the heroic story of parajumpers on the edge of the world / 
Where did Bunny go? : a bunny and bird story / 
The carousel : a novel / 
DeleteYourBroker.com : using the internet to beat the pros on Wall Street / 
The surrendered wife : a practical guide for finding intimacy, passion, and peace with a man / 
Naomi's place / 
A man's journey to simple abundance / 
A nonparametric approach to perceptions-based market segmentation : applications / 
Electric God / 
Rethinking Cold War culture / 
Grave undertakings : an archaeology of Roger Williams and the Narragansett Indians / 
Primate taxonomy / 
The wisdom of Aristotle / 
Barefoot on barbed wire : an autobiography of a forty-year Hollywood balancing act / 
The entrepreneurial educator / 
Linking quality of long term care and quality of life / 
Refractive cataract surgery and multifocal IOLs / 
Progress in transmission electron microscopy / 
Engineering dynamics : a primer / 
Mathematical models in population biology and epidemiology / 
Diffusion-wave fields : mathematical methods and Green functions / 
Statistical and neural classifiers : an integrated approach to design / 
Classic operating systems : from batch processing to distributed systems / 
Ecosystems, evolution, and ultraviolet radiation / 
Acoustic and electromagnetic equations : integral representations for harmonic problems / 
Handbook of evidence-based critical care / 
Franco and the Spanish Civil War / 
Women and radio : airing differences / 
Conservation of water and related land resources / 
In situ treatment technology / 
Advances in organizational justice / 
Philosophy, revision, critique : rereading practices in Heidegger, Nietzsche, and Emerson / 
Helmet mounted displays : design issues for rotary-wing aircraft / 
Copper interconnect technology / 
Business immigration law : strategies for employing foreign nationals / 
Securitizations : legal and regulatory issues / 
Gradual economic reform in Latin America : the Costa Rican experience / 
Liberty, rationality, and agency in Hobbes's Leviathan / 
At millennium's end : new essays on the work of Kurt Vonnegut / 
A group of their own : college writing courses and American women writers, 1880-1940 / 
Spring's sprung / 
Go track a yak / 
The magic menorah : a modern Chanukah tale / 
The Scaredy Cats / 
Ellington was not a street / 
Hello, hello! / 
Mama's day / 
Sydney's star / 
Alien and Possum : friends no matter what / 
Abiyoyo returns / 
Chicken soup by heart / 
The war within : a novel of the Civil War / 
Improving air quality : progress and challenges for the auto industry / 
Consumer economics : a practical overview / 
How to evaluate and negotiate government contracts / 
e-Business intelligence : turning information into knowledge into profit / 
Making choices : social problem-solving skills for children / 
The kidsClick! : Web searching skills guide with CD-ROM / 
Digital imaging : a practical handbook / 
Lapsit services for the very young II : a how-to-do-it manual / 
Handbook of dredging engineering / 
Applied clinical pharmacokinetics / 
Winning PR in the wired world : powerful communications strategies for the noisy digital space / 
Your old wiring / 
Hitler youth : the Hitlerjugend in war and peace, 1933-1945 / 
Seeing gardens / 
Hangman's curse / 
Architectures of time : toward a theory of the event in modernist culture / 
Cultures of darkness : night travels in the histories of transgression / 
Crafts from your favorite children's stories / 
The 1950's : music / 
Wild shots : the world of the wildlife photographer / 
Library service to Spanish speaking patrons : a practical guide / 
New virtual field trips / 
The Newbery companion : booktalk and related materials for Newbery Medal and Honor books / 
Atmospheric science across the stratopause / 
Buyout : the insider's guide to buying your own company / 
The voice diagnostic protocol : a practical guide to the diagnosis of voice disorders / 
Air quality and comfort in airliner cabins / 
Pediatric primary care : ill-child care / 
Infinite-dimensional Lie algebras / 
Forecast report on the furniture sector in Europe in 2000 / 
Dynamics of fluids in fractured rock / 
Reviving regulatory reform : a global perspective / 
Nitrogen loading in coastal water bodies : an atmospheric perspective / 
Spectral problems associated with corner singularities of solutions of elliptic equations / 
Problem solving with C++ : the object of programming / 
ASP internals / 
The pharmacy technician's pocket drug reference / 
The e-factor : building a 24/7 customer-centric, electronic business for the Internet age / 
Spaces of the mind : Isamu Noguchi's dance designs / 
The best of the A.R.E. journal / 
ProActive sales management : how to lead, motivate, and stay ahead of the game / 
The power of indirect influence / 
Travel unlimited : uncommon adventures for the mature traveler / 
Graphic style : from Victorian to digital / 
Good counsel : a novel / 
Preaching without notes / 
What have we learned? : lessons for the church in the twenty-first century / 
Seeing in the dark : a vision of creativity & spirituality / 
Teaching equality : Black schools in the age of Jim Crow / 
Paternalism in a southern city : race, religion, and gender in Augusta, Georgia / 
The measured word : on poetry and science / 
The peculiar democracy : Southern democrats in peace and Civil War / 
Latino workers in the contemporary South / 
Brother Jesus : the Nazarene through Jewish eyes / 
Wing walking / 
Lectures on tensor categories and modular functors / 
Operating systems : a systematic view : study guide / 
Power football : the greatest running backs / 
Eek! Creak! Snicker, sneak / 
The common-sense mortgage : how to cut the cost of home ownership by $50,000 or more / 
From 33rd Street to Camden Yards : an oral history of the Baltimore Orioles / 
The week France fell, June 10-16, 1940 / 
Film culture reader / 
Bruce Willis / 
The history of Motown / 
The FBI / 
The history of the Black church / 
Bruce Lee : a warrior's journey / 
The papermakers / 
The tanners / 
The hatters / 
The potters / 
Pessimism and British war policy, 1916-1918 / 
Seafaring and the Jews / 
Oceans : lifeblood of the earth / 
Wetlands : a vanishing resource / 
Islands : living gems of the sea / 
The prairie : an enduring spirit / 
Tundra : the barren wilderness / 
Antarctica : land of endless water / 
The refuge of affections : family and American reform politics, 1900-1920 / 
The beauty workbook : a commonsense approach to skin care, makeup, hair, and nails / 
Expiration date : never / 
Captain Tweakerbeak's revenge : a Calliope Day adventure / 
Leap of faith / 
Exploring agrodiversity / 
Writing and the spiritual life : finding your voice by looking within / 
Four centuries of sport in America, 1490-1890 / 
Hunting trails on three continents / 
A world of wonders : geographic travels in verse and rhyme / 
Room on the broom / 
Ambient television : visual culture and public space / 
The culture of conformism : understanding social consent / 
Welcome to the dreamhouse : popular media and postwar suburbs / 
The new trial / 
Love, laughter, and parenting : in the years from birth to six / 
Reptiles and amphibians / 
Walking with dinosaurs : fascinating facts / 
Ainsley Harriott's gourmet express / 
Delia's how to cook / 
Vitamins & minerals handbook / 
Herbal remedies handbook : essential tips / 
Homeopathy handbook / 
Yoga : the path to holistic health / 
Since my brother died = Desde que murió mi hermano / 
The memory box / 
Education, religion, and the discourse of cultural reform in Qajar Iran / 
Memorable milestone birthdays : over 48 theme parties to help you celebrate / 
Nursing care of older adults : diagnoses, outcomes & interventions / 
The geometry of love : space, time, mystery, and meaning in an ordinary church / 
Working for yourself : law and taxes for independent contractors, freelancers, and consultants / 
Evaluating drug literature : a statistical approach / 
Pharmacoepidemiology : principles and practice / 
A guide to genealogical research in Maryland / 
A landscape of events / 
The good news about nutrition, exercise & weight control / 
Lonesome bear / 
How to keep a sketchbook journal / 
Discourse and the continuity of reference : representing mental categorization / 
Extinguishing fires in silos and hay mows / 
Networking with Windows 2000 / 
Psychological and religious narratives in Iris Murdoch's fiction / 
Radiation protection for procedures performed outside the Radiology Department : recommendations / 
A school of love : the Cistercian way to holiness / 
Good morning, Little Fox / 
Kenneth Callahan / 
The National Geographic traveler. New Orleans / 
Maternal-child nursing / 
Lord, I want to be whole : the power of prayer and scripture in emotional healing / 
Touching the shadows : a love tested and renewed / 
The Norton anthology of English literature. The major authors / 
Newborn intensive care : what every parent needs to know / 
Jacob Boehme / 
Commercial chicken meat and egg production / 
Parent to parent : our children, their literacy / 
Firehouses / 
Neuroimmunomodulation : perspectives at the new millennium / 
A cat and a dog / 
Dog law / 
Pharmacology in respiratory care / 
Home care nursing practice : concepts and application / 
Medical-surgical nursing / 
Pocket guide to nutritional care / 
The South Pole : an account of the Norwegian Antarctic expedition in the "Fram," 1910-1912 / 
Craniosacral therapy : touchstone for natural healing / 
Evidentials : Turkic, Iranian and neighbouring languages / 
The acquisition of lexical and grammatical aspect / 
Trading in the zone : master the market with confidence, discipline and a winning attitude / 
Ancrene wisse / 
British chimney sweeps : five centuries of chimney sweeping / 
Menu collection : problems adapted from Mathematics teaching in the middle school / 
The charm of catastrophe : a study of Rabelais's Quart livre / 
The seed / 
The other side of Eden : hunters, farmers, and the shaping of the world / 
Motivational psychology of human development : developing motivation and motivating development / 
The evidential foundations of probabilistic reasoning / 
Microsoft Project 2000 / 
Essays 2000 : 
National Geographic dinosaurs / 
MCSE training kit. Microsoft Windows 2000 accelerated / 
Starting out in futures trading / 
Of permanent value : the story of Warren Buffett / 
How effective is strategic bombing? : lessons learned from World War II to Kosovo / 
Recipes for life : a cookbook for the heart and soul with Edie & friends / 
Working with older people and their families / 
The politics of whiteness : race, workers, and culture in the modern South / 
What he can't tell you-- and needs to say / 
CDO & MAPI programming with Visual Basic / 
The cheongsam / 
Rural financial markets in Asia : policies, paradigms, and performance / 
The bonds of freedom : feminist theology and Christian realism / 
What happy couples know / 
Questioning the supernatural / 
Pillsbury best of the bake-off cookbook : 350 recipes from America's favorite cooking contest  / 
Social capital : critical perspectives / 
Pelican's complete guide to American bed and breakfasts / 
The dying soul : spiritual care at the end of life / 
Chakras, auras, and the new spirituality : a complete guide to opening the seven senses / 
Mi isla y yo : la naturaleza de Puerto Rico / 
The years with Ross / 
Arguing comparative politics / 
European citizenship : between national legacies and postnational projects / 
Custody of investments : law and practice / 
Praying the Psalms : a commentary / 
Martha Quest / 
Law, politics, and local democracy / 
Enemies of the Enlightenment : the French counter-Enlightenment and the making of modernity / 
Gandhi's passion : the life and legacy of Mahatma Gandhi / 
The music of Berlioz / 
Subnational democracy in the European Union : challenges and opportunities / 
Information orientation : the link to business performance / 
The sociology of education : a systematic analysis / 
Blue skies, green fields : a celebration of 50 major league baseball stadiums / 
The subversive gospel : a New Testament commentary of liberation / 
The art of analog layout / 
Mother nature, M.D. / 
Mediteranean ecogeography / 
Organizing special events and conferences : a practical guide for busy volunteers and staff / 
Neurobiology of alzheimer's disease / 
Newman and the word / 
Structure de la langue tahitienne / 
The historic restaurants of Paris / 
Shakespeare criticism in the twentieth century / 
The First Epistle to the Corinthians : a commentary on the Greek text / 
The letters to the seven churches of Asia in their local setting / 
The dictionary of historical theology / 
Celtic benediction : morning and night prayer / 
Heart & soul : the story of Grand Rapids neighborhoods / 
Verdure : simple recipes in the Italian style / 
Religion and cultural studies / 
Self-organization in biological systems / 
Jewish marriage in antiquity / 
Republic.com / 
Principles of scientific literature evaluation : critiquing clinical drug trials / 
A spell of winter / 
Killing dragons : the conquest of the Alps / 
Kelley's essentials of internal medicine / 
Saint-Frances guide to psychiatry / 
Transplantation of the liver / 
Brief psychotherapies : changing frames of mind / 
Using Autodesk Inventor / 
3D studio VIZ tutorials / 
The psychotherapist as healer / 
CGL policy handbook / 
Teaching goal setting and decision making to students with developmental disabilities / 
Asymptotic statistical methods for stochastic processes / 
Immunology, immunopathology, and immunity / 
Goldie Locks has chicken pox / 
Girl power : women on winning / 
On music and poetry = De musica et poetica : 1513 / 
The shippe of safegarde (1569) / 
Thomas and Rebecca Vaughan's Aqua vitae, non vitis (British Library MS, Sloane 1741) / 
The cry of a stone / 
A breast cancer journey : 
Dykes with baggage : the lighter side of lesbians in therapy / 
Gay & lesbian online : your indispensable guide to cruising the queer web / 
Just a mom / 
Clone : the life and legacy of Al Parker, gay superstar / 
Soon to be a major motion picture : a novel / 
Too much of a good thing-- : quotes you can't get enough of / 
Loves last chance : a Nigel and Nicky mystery / 
PostgreSQL : introduction and concepts / 
Modern litigation and professional responsibility handbook : the limits of zealous advocacy / 
Uneasy feelings : literature, the passions, and class from neoclassicism to romanticism / 
Harnessing AutoCAD land development desktop / 
Neeluk : an Eskimo boy in the days of the whaling ships / 
The American Revolution : 
Hollywood moms / 
Mother to tigers / 
IT architectures and middleware : strategies for building large, integrated systems / 
TSCA : the Toxic Substances Control Act / 
Shaquille O'Neal / 
Cavalier King Charles spaniels / 
Saint Bernards / 
Greyhounds / 
Basset hounds / 
Boxers / 
Bulldogs / 
Leaders of the American Revolution / 
Psychiatric mental health nursing / 
The eye of the needle / 
The new planning for results : a streamlined approach / 
Practical Oracle8i : building efficient databases / 
Programming Ruby : the pragmatic programmer's guide / 
The greatest taboo : homosexuality in Black communities / 
Beyond the Bard : fifty plays for use in the English classroom / 
Advancing technology, caring, and nursing / 
Open algebraic surfaces / 
Practice under the federal sentencing guidelines / 
New approaches for isolation of Cryptosporidium and Giardia / 
Services marketing self-portraits : introspections, reflections, and glimpses from the experts / 
Macdougal Alley : a novel / 
Unexpected child / 
Gaywyck / 
Dirty words : provocative erotica / 
Starf[u]cker : a twisted collection of superstar fantasies / 
The great urge downward / 
Revolutionary voices : a multicultural queer youth anthology / 
Witness to the league of blond hip hop dancers : a novella and short stories / 
Writing scripts Hollywood will love / 
Participatory evaluation for special education and rehabilitation / 
Using music in children of divorce groups : a session-by-session manual for counselors / 
The inquiring reader : foundations for college reading / 
The copyright guide : a friendly handbook for protecting and profiting from copyrights / 
David Hume's critique of infinity / 
Interpretation and allegory : antiquity to the modern period / 
First responder / 
Boats for fishermen / 
Knowing God as Father : a woman learns to trust in God's care / 
Grief support group curriculum : facilitator's handbook / 
Armed for battle : a balanced approach to spiritual warfare / 
Uneasy virtue / 
Origins of difference : the gender debate revisited / 
Literacy in American lives / 
Chemical warfare agents : toxicity at low levels / 
Plant genotyping : the DNA fingerprinting of plants / 
Japanese theatre and the international stage / 
Magnetic resonance procedures : health effects and safety / 
Introduction to fuzzy sets, fuzzy logic, and fuzzy control systems / 
Orthogonal polynomials of several variables / 
Teens together grief support group curriculum : adolescence edition : grades 7-12 / 
The foundations of mathematics in the theory of sets / 
Computerized data acquisition and analysis for the life sciences : a hands-on guide / 
Poppy Bear : the garden that overslept / 
How to read a Christian book / 
Asia in New York City : a cultural travel guide / 
The transition to a colonial economy : weavers, merchants, and kings in South India, 1720-1800 / 
Innovation in Chinese medicine / 
Soils of the past : an introduction to paleopedology / 
The nature of the environment / 
Concussive brain trauma : neurobehavioral impairment and maladaptation / 
Acute medicine : a practical guide to the management of medical emergencies / 
Home rule in America : a fifty-state handbook / 
Drug war heresies : learning from other vices, times, and places / 
US foreign policy and the Iran hostage crisis / 
Peak discharges and flow volumes for streams in the northern plains, 1996-97 / 
Precipitation in the northern plains, September 1996 through April 1997 / 
Geeks : how two lost boys rode the Internet out of Idaho / 
Human biology / 
Heinz Kohut : the making of a psychoanalyst / 
Writing with Hitchcock : the collaboration of Alfred Hitchcock and John Michael Hayes / 
Windows 2000 Professional : concepts & examples / 
Sacred earth, sacred stones / 
De-interlacing : a key technology for scan rate conversion / 
Manual of retinal surgery / 
Back sense : a revolutionary approach to halting the cycle of chronic back pain / 
Handbook of neuropsychology / 
Beating heart coronary artery surgery / 
Glencoe medical terminology : language for health care / 
Renaissance literature / 
American humor / 
Treating suicidal behavior : an effective, time-limited approach / 
Summerblood : a tale of Eron / 
Household strategies for survival, 1600-2000 : fission, faction, and cooperation / 
New approaches to old problems : issues in Romance historical linguistics / 
Officer of the court / 
Mr. Maybe / 
How to prepare for SAT II : World history / 
My happy heart / 
Hunting the gatherers : ethnographic collectors, agents and agency in Melanesia, 1870s-1930s / 
Multivariable calculus : concepts and contexts / 
Single variable calculus : concepts and contexts / 
Calculus : concepts and contexts / 
Volcaniclastic sedimentation in lacustrine settings / 
Krill : biology, ecology, and fisheries / 
Congressional Quarterly's desk reference on American criminal justice / 
Guided imagery for healing children and teens : wellness through visualization / 
Jewish sports legends : the International Jewish Hall of Fame / 
Women, power, and the academy : from rhetoric to reality / 
Echoes of Narcissus / 
The New Age in Glastonbury : the construction of religious movements / 
Security operations management / 
The economic world view : studies in the ontology of economics / 
Welfare, choice, and solidarity in transition : reforming the health section in Eastern Europe / 
Ethics, exegesis, and philosophy : interpretation after Levinas / 
Coming home : a story of Josh Gibson, baseball's greatest home run hitter / 
An introduction to probability and inductive logic / 
Nutritional anemias / 
The music of Tōru Takemitsu / 
Training and showing the cutting horse / 
The ecology of trees in the tropical rain forest / 
Exercise testing and interpretation : a practical approach / 
Innovative conceptual design : theory and application of parameter analysis / 
TCP/IP professional reference guide / 
Solzhenitsyn : a soul in exile / 
Moving day : a season of letters : a novel / 
King Arthur's Round Table : an archaeological investigation / 
History of the world / 
The universe / 
The triumph of narrative : storytelling in the age of mass culture / 
Just friends / 
The Cambridge companion to Proust / 
Bilingualism in development : language, literacy, and cognition / 
Making history in Banda : anthropological visions of Africa's past / 
Religion in mind : cognitive perspectives on religious belief, ritual, and experience / 
Culture and rights : anthropological perspectives / 
A short history of structural linguistics / 
Phonology and language use / 
Comparing public policies : issues and choices in six industrialized countries / 
At the edge of the abyss : unpostmodern thoughts on life, death, and culture / 
Shining lights : a history of the Council for Christian Colleges & Universities / 
Nobody's child : how older women say good-bye to their mothers / 
Dating secrets of the Ten Commandments / 
Lacewings in the crop environment / 
Carnivore conservation / 
Physical principles of remote sensing / 
A guided tour of mathematical methods for the physical sciences / 
Construction in cities : social, environmental, political, and economic concerns / 
French furniture : from Louis XIII to art deco / 
The white labyrinth : a guide to the health care system / 
Training your boxer / 
The sacred pool / 
Pedagogy, intellectuals, and dissent in the later Middle Ages : Lollardy and ideas of learning / 
Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas and the roots of Mexico's new democracy / 
Political demography, demographic engineering / 
The German-American encounter : conflict and cooperation between two cultures, 1800-2000 / 
Child welfare outcome research in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia / 
The Peri Pascha attributed to Melito of Sardis : setting, purpose, and sources / 
Parliament, politics and elections, 1604-1648 / 
Natural law and practical rationality / 
The enforceability of promises in European contract law / 
Underdevelopment : a strategy for reform / 
War, aggression, and self-defense / 
Emotional reason : deliberation, motivation, and the nature of value / 
The ethnographer's eye : ways of seeing in anthropology / 
Changing family size in England and Wales : place, class, and demography, 1891-1911 / 
Ancient Egypt / 
The physical nature of consciousness / 
Bison / 
Sharks / 
Manatees / 
Dolphins / 
Psychotropic drugs / 
Pocket guide to intravenous therapy / 
Celine Dion : my story, my dream / 
Whales / 
Ocean animals / 
Eagles / 
Ferocious fangs : 12 of nature's most amazing animals / 
On the job : how to make it in the real world of work / 
Theory of garden art / 
Family medical advisor : the complete guide to alternative & conventional treatments / 
The medical advisor : the complete guide to alternative & conventional treatments / 
3D Studio VIZ : fundamentals using release 3.0 / 
Illustrated orthopedic physical assessment / 
Learning mathematics in elementary and middle schools / 
The blackbirder / 
Instrument flying handbook / 
Got to be real : four original love stories / 
Nevada / 
Massachusetts / 
Louisiana / 
Values and the curriculum / 
Food and culture / 
Psychic self-defense / 
Hi-tech hi-touch branding : creating brand power in the age of technology / 
Seeking St. Louis : voices from a river city, 1670-2000 / 
Bad news / 
Mathematics / 
Jewish politics in eastern Europe : the Bund at 100 / 
The architecture of R.M. Schindler / 
Transceiver and system design for digital communications / 
Congress and US China policy, 1989-1999 / 
Diary of an African journey : the return of Rider Haggard / 
Sea clocks : the story of longitude / 
Nonlinear control in the year 2000 / 
Fault detection and diagnosis in industrial systems / 
Stet : a memoir / 
The 50 most romantic things ever done / 
Poems, 1968-1998 / 
Black oxen / 
The faithful narrative of a pastor's disappearance / 
Little boys come from the stars / 
The tether / 
Life on earth / 
The Bible at Qumran : text, shape, and interpretation / 
The story of Joseph and the family of Jacob / 
Learning and coordination : inductive deliberation, equilibrium, and convention / 
The challenges to nuclear power in the twenty-first century / 
Radio frequency transistors : principles and practical applications / 
Elliot's vocabulary of Mohawk / 
Schoolcraft's vocabulary of Onondaga / 
Elliot's vocabulary of Cayuga / 
Technology and the contested meanings of sustainability / 
OT exam review manual / 
The bracelet / 
Age and arts participation : 1982-1997 / 
The Vulgate of Tobit compared with other ancient witnesses / 
The tyranny of resolution : I Corinthians 7:17-24 / 
Maternity nursing : an introductory text / 
Politics and guilt : the destructive power of silence / 
Homosexuality in the city : a century of research at the University of Chicago / 
Miami : the magic city / 
Callista : a tale of the third century / 
Love in a global village : a celebration of intercultural families in the Midwest / 
When they crucified my Lord : through Lenten sorrow to Easter joy / 
Affirmations from the heart of God / 
Differential equations / 
Management skills for IT professionals / 
The new book of wedding etiquette : how to combine the best traditions with today's flair / 
Developments in sociology / 
Andrew McGroundhog and his shady shadow / 
Riddle of the prairie bride / 
War's dirty secret : rape, prostitution, and other crimes against women / 
Converging on culture : theologians in dialogue with cultural analysis and criticism / 
Cirque du Freak / 
An introduction to the Bible : a journey into three worlds / 
The skeptical sublime : aesthetic ideology in Pope and the Tory satirists / 
Philosophy of religion : selected readings / 
Genes, categories, and species : the evolutionary and cognitive causes of the species problem / 
The origins of creativity / 
Design principles for the immune system and other distributed autonomous systems / 
Jewelry talks : a novel thesis / 
Business forecasting / 
Impact hiring : the secrets of hiring a superstar / 
Telecommunications : a software professional's guide / 
Selected stories / 
Electrical engineering uncovered / 
The art of nonfiction  : a guide for writers and readers / 
Recent issues on fuzzy databases / 
Fuzzy mathematics in medicine / 
A loving home : caring for African American marriage and families / 
Seven words of Jesus and Mary : lessons from Cana and Calvary / 
Open Christianity : home by another road / 
Therapeutic exercises for children : guided self-discovery using cognitive-behavioral techniques / 
Manual of oil and gas terms : annotated manual of legal, engineering, and tax words and phrases / 
Cowgirl poetry : one hundred years of ridin' & rhymin' / 
Degrees of compromise : industrial interests and academic values / 
Nobility and annihilation in Marguerite Porete's Mirror of simple souls  / 
The handholder's handbook : a guide to caregivers of people with Alzheimer's or other dementias / 
Feminist locations : global and local, theory and practice / 
Are we one? : Jewish identity in the United States and Israel / 
Lesbian empire : radical crosswriting in the Twenties / 
Who gets the good jobs? : combating race and gender disparities / 
Beneath the starry flag : New Jersey's Civil War experience / 
Black feminist anthropology : theory, politics, praxis, and poetics / 
Potassium / 
Sulfur : chemical elements that make life possible / 
Phosphorus / 
Communications / 
The wilderness paddler's handbook / 
Experience the blessing / 
No end save victory : perspectives on World War II / 
Genetics / 
Medieval Paris / 
Urban economics : a global perspective / 
Colorful chameleons / 
Earthquake in the early morning / 
Still I rise / 
Physicians and political economy : six studies of the work of doctor-economists / 
Choosing futures : young people's decision-making in education, training, and careers markets / 
Anthropology of violence and conflict / 
Psychotherapy with young people in care : lost and found / 
A systems analysis of the Baltic Sea / 
Reliability theory : with applications to preventive maintenance / 
The Horologion, or, Book of the hours : the daily offices / 
Veritas divina : Aquinas on divine truth : some philosophy of religion / 
Gender, globalization, and democratization / 
The pity of Achilles : oral style and the unity of the Iliad / 
Cloning : responsible science or technomadness? / 
Muhammad and the rise of Islam : the creation of group identity / 
Code name, Fire Ant : a novel / 
Arthur's hiccups / 
The quest for the green man / 
Response to the National Research Council's assessment of RAND's controlling cocaine study / 
Summer of storms / 
To speak for the people : public opinion and the problem of legitimacy in the French Revolution / 
The environment : principles and applications / 
Contemporary Britain : a survey with texts / 
Dance masters : interviews with legends of dance / 
Key issues for secondary schools / 
Imperial inquisitions : prosecutors and informants from Tiberius to Domitian / 
English : an essential grammar / 
The language of the modes : studies in the history of polyphonic modality / 
Modern Chinese warfare, 1795-1989 / 
Encyclopedia of democratic thought / 
Transition magician 2 : more strategies for guiding young children in early childhood programs / 
TimeSpace : geographies of temporality / 
Development policy in the 21st century : beyond the post-Washington consensus / 
Everyday safety in primary and nursery schools / 
The archaeology detectives / 
Holocaust testimonies : European survivors and American liberators in New Jersey / 
Crossing the gods : world religions and worldly politics / 
Wrongly convicted : perspectives on failed justice / 
Everyday people : profiles from the Garden State / 
Remaking the godly marriage : gender negotiation in evangelical families / 
Lesbian rabbis : the first generation / 
After the Holocaust / 
Sweet Sicily : the story of an island and her pastries / 
Doing church as a team / 
Trolleys to Glen Haven / 
Encyclopedia of California's Catholic heritage, 1769-1999 / 
Rita Blitt : 
The science of UFOs / 
Hair story : untangling the roots of Black hair in America / 
Deep sleep / 
The eros of parenthood : explorations in light and dark / 
An American family / 
Impediments to trade in services : measurement and policy implications / 
Poor Tom is cold / 
Reflecting the sky / 
To Davy Jones below : a Daisy Dalrymple mystery / 
The Merchant of Venus / 
The return of the Spanish lady / 
On night's shore / 
Hoare and the matter of treason / 
The heat of lies / 
Third person singular / 
Thread of evidence / 
One o'clock jump / 
The skeleton in the closet / 
Natural law / 
Heckler / 
Greed & stuff / 
Penguins / 
Down the knuckerhole / 
The United States and Mexico : between partnership and conflict / 
Mayan visions : the quest for autonomy in an age of globalization / 
Pastoral leadership : a guide for improving your management skills / 
Performance analysis : an introductory coursebook / 
Rome's eastern trade : international commerce and imperial policy, 31 BC-AD 305 / 
Theatre/archaeology / 
Routledge international encyclopedia of women : global women's issues and knowledge / 
Working equal : academic couples as collaborators / 
Mediated discourse : the nexus of practice / 
Spinoza : critical assessments / 
The muse asylum / 
Report writing for speech-language pathologists and audiologists / 
Visual impairments and learning / 
The summer tree / 
Blanca's feather / 
The sandcastle / 
Criminal violence : patterns, causes, and prevention / 
The Marshall plan : fifty years after / 
Diagnostic reasoning : case analysis in primary care practice / 
Encyclopedia of the United States in the nineteenth century / 
In praise of new travelers : reading Caribbean migrant women writers / 
Management of organizational change : leveraging transformation / 
Interaction effects in logistic regression / 
Dalit identity and politics / 
The strategic business spiral : retracing the past / 
Future roles of U.S. nuclear forces : implications for U.S. strategy / 
Preparing the U.S. Army for homeland security : concepts, issues, and options / 
Heavy matter : urban operations' density of challenges / 
Antibiotic and antimicrobial use in dental practice / 
The Tiananmen papers / 
Espresso : ultimate coffee / 
An illustrated history of Texas forts / 
Over tumbled graves / 
Dou Donggo justice : conflict and morality in an Indonesian society / 
Globalization on the ground : postbellum Guatemalan democracy and development / 
Transatlantic governance in the global economy / 
The Rand/UCLA appropriateness method user's manual / 
Improving anti-drug budgeting / 
How to publish and promote online / 
Jews who rock / 
Shrink yourself : the complete do-it-yourself guide to freudian psychoanalysis / 
Economics broadly considered : essays in honor of Warren J. Samuels / 
Geographies of women's health / 
MOMStories : quiet contemplations for mothers / 
The other side of Eden : life with John Steinbeck / 
Naturalism and religion / 
Merely mortal? : can you survive your own death? / 
Odd gods : new religions & the cult controversy / 
Philosophy in crisis : the need for reconstruction / 
The best of Cemetery dance / 
Facing up to management faddism : a new look at an old force / 
Rational games : a philosophy of business negotiation from practical reason / 
The Asian financial crisis and the ordeal of Hong Kong / 
Researching organizational values and beliefs : the Echo approach / 
Paco's Perro / 
Run like an antelope : on the road with Phish / 
Dirty little secrets : true tales and twisted trivia about sex / 
Triple pursuit : a Father Dowling mystery / 
Hang my head and cry / 
7 steps to bonding with your stepchild / 
Coffee : a guide to buying, brewing, and enjoying / 
Cruzatte and Maria : a Gabriel Du Pré mystery / 
Cooking in paradise : culinary vacations around the world / 
Muscle Beach / 
Tattoo girl / 
L.A. exposed : strange myths and curious legends in the City of Angels / 
Making them pay : how to get the most from health insurance and managed care / 
Cruise vacations for mature travelers / 
Tender is LeVine : a Jack LeVine mystery / 
The ultimate cheesecake cookbook / 
Temple / 
Introduction to communicative disorders / 
Life Space Crisis Intervention : talking with students in conflict / 
Treating disordered speech motor control / 
Powder burn : arson, money, and mystery on Vail Mountain / 
Washington / 
Medi-cal and managed care : risk, costs, and regional variation / 
"I watched a wild hog eat my baby!" : a colorful history of tabloids and their cultural impact / 
PCs made easy : 
Lawmen of the Old West : the bad guys / 
Contemporary poets / 
India's emerging nuclear posture : between recessed deterrent and ready arsenal / 
Russia and armed persuasion / 
The good body : a novel / 
The top 100 Zone foods : the Zone food science ranking system / 
Florence in the 1400s / 
Tales from Toadsuck, Texas / 
The essential backpacker : a complete guide for the foot traveler / 
The baffled parent's guide to coaching youth softball / 
The science of learning / 
Uncontained : urban fiction in postwar America / 
Biography of a chairman Mao Badge : the creation and mass consumption of a personality cult / 
Unsettling "Sensation" : arts-policy lessons from the Brooklyn Museum of Art controversy / 
Double-take : a revisionist Harlem Renaissance anthology / 
Eisenstein at 100 : a reconsideration / 
Camden County, New Jersey : the making of a metropolitan community, 1626-2000 / 
Radical sanity : commonsense advice for uncommon women / 
No cookies? / 
Dinosaurs and dragons / 
I knew a woman : the experience of the female body / 
The ninth nugget / 
Reclaiming the fire : how successful people overcome burnout / 
Whoa, jealousy / 
Baby see, baby do! / 
When it's the last day of school / 
The firefighters' Thanksgiving / 
Echo burning / 
Guided meditations for child catechumens / 
The encyclopedia of drugs and alcohol / 
Still can't see nothin' comin' : a novel / 
Getting married when it's not your first time : an etiquette guide and wedding planner / 
Starry night : astronomers and poets read the sky / 
Digital copyright : protecting intellectual property on the Internet ... / 
Martin and Hannah : a novel / 
Dispatches from the former evil empire / 
The metaphorical society : an invitation to social theory / 
Fraud and education : the worm in the apple / 
Forty words for sorrow / 
The cure / 
Mayan Tikal / 
Brazil / 
Space weapons : earth wars / 
The wandering fire / 
The sex lover's book of lists / 
Estimating the policy position of political actors / 
The political economy of Japanese globalization / 
Crime control as industry : towards gulags, Western style / 
The origins of nursery education : Friedrich Froebel and the English system / 
Game theory : critical concepts in the social sciences / 
Reforming education : from origins to outcomes / 
Introducing translation studies : theories and applications / 
The management of non-governmental development organizations : an introduction / 
The postcolonial exotic : marketing the margins / 
Irish media : a critical history since 1922 / 
Complex responsive processes in organizations : learning and knowledge creation / 
Colonialism and neocolonialism / 
William Wordsworth : the critical heritage / 
On science / 
Tourism in the age of globalisation / 
On immigration and refugees / 
Postwar British politics : from conflict to consensus / 
Organising labour in globalising Asia / 
The nature of research : inquiry in academic contexts / 
Becoming a student of teaching : linking knowledge production and practice / 
Power in business and the state : an historical analysis of its concentration / 
Contemporary issues in development economics / 
Fundamental themes in clinical supervision / 
Ill effects : the media/violence debate / 
Conceptualising child-adult relationships / 
Postmodernism, economics and knowledge / 
The Radical Women manifesto : 
Life's little instruction book for incurable romantics / 
Mississippi Musicians Hall of Fame : legendary musicians whose art has changed the world / 
Female intelligence / 
Hunting season : a novel / 
Robert Mitchum : "baby, I don't care" / 
Kelly and the three-toed horse : a novel featuring Yellowstone Kelly, gentleman and scout / 
Do try to speak as we do : the diary of an American au pair / 
King of rock : respect, responsibility, and my life with Run-DMC / 
John Paul II : a personal portrait of the pope and the man / 
Heartland : a novel / 
Fear and trembling / 
Lost Hollywood / 
Feeling sorry for Celia / 
Broken fever : reflections of gay boyhood / 
My greatest day in golf : the legends of golf recount their greatest moments / 
The death of sweet mister : a novel / 
It's a fair day, Amber Brown / 
Cold paradise / 
Junie B. Jones is a graduation girl / 
Game face : what does a female athlete look like? / 
White swan, black swan : stories / 
Boiling point : it only takes one degree : monitoring cultural shifts in the 21st century / 
Your people shall be my people / 
Civilians in war / 
"Pariah states" & sanctions in the Middle East : Iraq, Libya, Sudan / 
Turkey in world politics : an emerging multiregional power / 
The desert shore : literatures of the Sahel / 
Justice and reconciliation : after the violence / 
Globalization and agricultural trade policy / 
Sex tips for gay guys / 
The sweet by and by / 
The Russian word for snow : a true story of adoption / 
The riches of Paris : a shopping and touring guide / 
Winning custody : a woman's guide to retaining custody of her children / 
The second family : How adolescent power is challenging the American family / 
On a beam of light / 
The second death of George Mallory : the enigma and spirit of Mount Everest / 
Why elephants have big ears : understanding patterns of life on Earth / 
Coping with chronic heartburn : what you need to know about acid reflux and GERD / 
The riddle of the shipwrecked spinster / 
To an unknown God : religious freedom on trial / 
Economic policy and performance in the Arab world / 
Palestinian women : patriarchy and resistance in the West Bank / 
Draft horses : an owner's manual / 
The life of Nelson : the embodiment of the sea power of Great Britain / 
Grandparents : gifts of love, humor, and wisdom / 
When God asks--  / 
Life's instructions on wisdom, success, and happiness / 
The Routledge history of literature in English : Britain and Ireland / 
On the internet / 
Management gurus and management fashions : a dramatistic inquiry / 
Navigating through adolescence : European perspectives / 
Anxiety in a risk society / 
Perform or else : from discipline to performance / 
Women of Babylon : gender and representation in Mesopotamia / 
Imperial Germany, 1850-1918 / 
Commedia dell'arte : a handbook for troupes / 
Social power and everyday class relations : agrarian transformation in North Bihar / 
A narrative of communal politics : Uttar Pradesh, 1937-39 / 
The unorganised sector : work security and social protection / 
Turnaround excellence : insights from 120 cases / 
Making a difference : behavioral intervention for autism / 
"P" is for peril / 
Sister Noon / 
Social psychology and human sexuality / 
Fire bird / 
Warrior woman : the story of Lozen, Apache warrior and shaman / 
Death's parallel / 
Husserl, Heidegger, and the space of meaning : paths toward transcendental phenomenology / 
The Civil War and Reconstruction : a documentary collection / 
The Civil War and Reconstruction / 
Pregnancy : psychosocial perspectives / 
Coastal conservation and management : an ecological perspective / 
Growth hormone and the heart / 
Practical guide to the care of the medical patient / 
Blindsighted / 
Outcast / 
Knowledge management : classic and contemporary works / 
Lipid bilayers : structure and interactions / 
The economics of international trade and the environment / 
Three-dimensional video and display : devices and systems / 
Your UNIX : the ultimate guide / 
MCSE exam 70-224 training kit : Microsoft Exchange 2000 server implementation and administration / 
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 reference library / 
Supervision, key link to productivity / 
Troubleshooting Microsoft Windows 2000 professional 
The Linux cookbook : tips and techniques for everyday use / 
Marijuana as medicine? : the science beyond the controversy / 
Economics U$A / 
Strategic warfare in cyberspace / 
Organizing in the Depression South : a Communist's memoir / 
PICmicro microcontroller pocket reference / 
Plant sciences / 
John McCain : serving his country / 
Encyclopedia of drugs, alcohol & addictive behavior / 
Christmas presents kids can make / 
Sheep don't count sheep / 
Andrew Wyeth : close friends / 
Contemporary American slang : an up-to-date guide to the slang of modern American English / 
Managing the emotional homeowner : the remodeler's guide to happy customers / 
Aging and social work : the changing landscapes / 
Carrier grade voice over IP / 
The loss of self : a family resource for the care of Alzheimer's disease and related disorders / 
Mapping the deep : the extraordinary story of ocean science / 
White-collar sweatshop : the deterioration of work and its rewards in corporate America / 
Au contraire! : figuring out the French / 
This must be the place : the adventures of Talking Heads in the 20th century / 
The SuSE Linux server / 
Young naturalist's pop-up handbook. Beetles / 
The Long March : the making of Communist China / 
The Irish famine : the birth of Irish America / 
What about me? : strategies for teaching misunderstood learners / 
Church planting : laying foundations / 
Postmortem / 
A time of crisis : Japan, the great depression, and rural revitalization / 
Assassination in Sarajevo : the trigger for World War  I / 
The Cuban Missile Crisis : to the brink of World War III / 
Ọ̀ṣun across the waters : a Yoruba goddess in Africa and the Americas / 
Our common country : family farming, culture, and community in the nineteenth-century Midwest / 
The Presidents / 
The winter king / 
Santa comes to little house : from Little house on the prairie / 
The king's secret : the legend of King Sejong / 
Don't you know there's a war on? / 
The myth of the Great War : a new military history of World War I / 
The things I know best : a novel / 
Healthy meat and potatoes / 
Genomics protocols / 
Hugs for grandma : stories, sayings, and scriptures to encourage and inspire the [heart] / 
The gender challenge to media : diverse voices from the field / 
The Longman anthology of short fiction : stories and authors in context / 
The Longman anthology of short fiction : stories and authors in context / 
The user's guide to college writing : reading, analyzing, and writing / 
Like normal people / 
Knight of shadows / 
Prince of chaos / 
The quiet game / 
Sign of chaos / 
Stonewall's gold : a novel / 
My grandfather's blessings : stories of strength, refuge, and belonging / 
Why does God allow suffering? / 
How to talk about Jesus with the skeptics in your life / 
The real deal on overcoming heartache / 
Dissociation of trauma : theory, phenomenology, and technique / 
Travel planning on the internet : the click and easy guide / 
Communication and social action research / 
Scanner handbook / 
Marvin one too many / 
Children of immigration / 
Landmark essays on basic writing / 
Wake up to your life : discovering the Buddhist path of attention / 
The revolution in eighteenth-century art : ten British pictures, 1740-1840 / 
Revolutionizing higher education in agriculture : framework, principles, and agenda for action / 
The British polity / 
The Asian Pacific : political and economic development in a global context / 
Spanish society, 1400-1600 / 
The politics of early modern women's writing / 
The rights of desire / 
One man's justice / 
An honorable defeat : the last days of the Confederate government / 
Talking in the dark : stories / 
Aurora 7 / 
Some rain must fall / 
NAFTA and the environment : seven years later / 
History of the city of Rome in the Middle Ages / 
Ethics in sport / 
Addictions in the gay and lesbian community / 
Emerging trends for EAPs in the 21st century / 
Jew vs. Arab : sibling rivalry of the ages / 
Greater China in the global market / 
Life after life : the investigation of a phenomenon-survival of bodily death / 
Illustrator 9 bible / 
My iMac / 
Active directory bible / 
Theater / 
Newspapers / 
Internet / 
Movies / 
Radio / 
Music / 
Television / 
Stanley goes ape / 
Monster museum / 
Dumpy saves Christmas / 
The teddy bear habit / 
The Harlem Nutcracker : based on the ballet / 
4 1/2 friends and the secret cave / 
Inhibin, activin, and follistatin in human reproductive physiology / 
The lifelong reader / 
A concise guide to technical communication / 
Britain's colonial wars, 1688-1783 / 
Medieval memories : men, women, and the past in Europe, 700-1300 / 
Honeymoons can be murder / 
Fashion victims : a b-pix mystery / 
Crazy love : the sixth Bubba Mabry mystery / 
Dream brother : the lives & music of Jeff & Tim Buckley / 
The gardens of California : four centuries of design from mission to modern / 
Conservation tillage and cropping innovation : constructing the new culture of agriculture / 
Degas and America : the early collectors / 
Photoshop 6 for Windows bible / 
Macworld Photoshop 6 bible / 
The saga of Cimba / 
Presidential judgment : foreign policy decision making and the White House / 
Creative lettering / 
Paperfolding / 
Mosaics / 
The fifth elephant / 
Stella in heaven / 
Sylvia and Ted : a novel / 
Love the work you're with : find the job you always wanted without leaving the one you have / 
Motivated minds : raising children to love learning / 
The Dhammapada : the sayings of the Buddha / 
The energy to teach / 
Between the dreaming and the coming true : the road home to God / 
Why the wild things are : animals in the lives of children / 
The Jewish Derrida / 
Apple farmer Annie / 
Second generation voices : reflections by children of Holocaust survivors and perpetrators / 
Reading Roddy Doyle / 
Dopaminergic neuron transplantation in the weaver mouse model of Parkinson's disease / 
Auto heating & air conditioning technology / 
Upholstery fundamentals / 
Persistent organic pollutants : environmental behaviour and pathways of human exposure / 
Essentials of electronic testing for digital, memory, and mixed-signal VLSI circuits / 
Information hiding : steganography and watermarking : attacks and countermeasures / 
Real-time database systems : architecture and techniques / 
Wireless personal communications : Bluetooth and other technologies / 
Video astronomy / 
George Washington's expense account / 
Lessons from the heart of American business : a roadmap for managers in the 21st century / 
Capitalism and justice : envisioning social and economic fairness / 
Teaching in the Tao / 
Russia's fate through Russian eyes : voices of the new generation / 
Swords into Dow shares : governing the decline of the military-industrial complex / 
A pebble in the pond : the ripple effect : leadership skills every woman can achieve / 
The ethics of human cloning / 
Electric rain : poems / 
A day late and a dollar short / 
English romanticism / 
Collected essays and poems / 
Byte me / 
Military resistance to humanitarian war in Kosovo and beyond : an ideological explanation / 
How to make injection molds / 
Polymeric materials : structure, properties, applications / 
Multi-criteria applications / 
Black tie & blue jeans : cooking on the Llano Estacado / 
Great Basin and Sierra Nevada / 
A look at Venus / 
Bioinformatics : a biologist's guide to biocomputing and the internet / 
Little Orphan Angela : a trilogy of Christmas stories / 
Lewis and Clark / 
Godiva / 
There's no such thing as a dragon / 
The gingerbread man / 
Around quitting time : work and middle-class fantasy in American fiction / 
A Garth Williams treasury of best loved Golden Books / 
An improper profession : women, gender, and journalism in late Imperial Russia / 
Proven strategies in competitive intelligence : lessons from the trenches / 
The law of tax-exempt healthcare organizations / 
The worldlyinvestor guide to beating the market : beat the pros at their own game / 
The Ms. Spent money guide : get more of what you want with what you earn / 
Financial institutions, valuations, mergers, and acquisitions : the fair value approach / 
How to start your own S corporation / 
Refiner's fire : a religious engagement with violence / 
A God strolling in the cool of the evening : a novel / 
Negative liberties : Morrison, Pynchon, and the problem of liberal ideology / 
Universal dating regulations & bylaws / 
Calling the shots : immunization finance policies and practices / 
Fact investigation : a practical guide to interviewing, counseling, and case theory development / 
The legacy of Léon Van Hove / 
Parts / 
Data quality / 
Parking structures : planning, design, construction, maintenance, and repair / 
Maynard's industrial engineering handbook / 
Sacred thirst : meeting God in the desert of our longings / 
The Christian travelers guide to Italy / 
Production checklist for builders and superintendents / 
Balanced measures for strategic planning : a public sector handbook / 
Mallet & chisel : gravestone carvers of Newport, Rhode Island, in the 18th century / 
Cognition : exploring the science of the mind / 
Super yachts : an illustrated tour of some of the world's most luxurious yachts / 
The practice of patient education / 
Original Triumph TR7 & TR8 / 
N.K. Mikhailovsky's criticism of Dostoevsky : the cruel critic / 
The life, work and times of George Henry Evans, newspaperman, activist and reformer (1829-1849) / 
Xenophon on hunting / 
Seven signature sermons by a tuning woman preacher of the gospel / 
Dialectical social science in the age of complexity / 
The scopes of work program : procedures and standards to increase quality / 
Shakespeare and the visual arts / 
The novels of Agustín Yáñez : a critical portrait of Mexico in the 20th century / 
Darwin's family tree / 
The mind of war : John Boyd and American security / 
Psychology and mental health / 
A cellist's life / 
Bioenergy : vision for the new millennium / 
Claudio Monteverdi, songs and madrigals / 
A guide to radiological procedures / 
Coral fish / 
Astrobiology / 
The adventures of Erasmus Twiddle : Grmkville's famous & talented not-detective / 
My father's daughter : a memoir / 
The cross-country quilters : an Elm Creek Quilts novel / 
The burning times : a novel of medieval France / 
The Motley Fool you have more than you think : the foolish guide to personal finance / 
Storey's horse-lover's encyclopedia : an English & Western A-to-Z guide / 
Models in environmental research / 
Real enriques surfaces / 
Geometric aspects of functional analysis : Israel seminar (GAFA) 1996-2000 / 
Total quality management : an executive guide to continuous improvement/ 
Competition, trust, and cooperation : a comparative study / 
Active glass for photonic devices : photoinduced structures and their application / 
Laminar-turbulent transition : IUTAM Symposium, Sedona/AZ, September 13-17, 1999 / 
Principles of computational fluid dynamics / 
Computational commutative algebra 1 / 
Stochastic processes in physics, chemistry, and biology / 
Soft computing : new trends and applications / 
Gauge theory of weak interactions / 
Contemporary psychiatry / 
Quantum mechanics : an introduction / 
Institutions, ecosystems, and sustainability / 
Managing workers' compensation : a guide to injury reduction and effective claim management / 
Agricultural nonpoint source pollution : watershed management and hydrology / 
Compost utilization in horticultural cropping systems / 
Byron : the erotic liberal / 
Building the new Berlin : the politics of urban development in Germany's capital city / 
Masters and slaves : revisioned essays in political philosophy / 
A land without castles : the changing image of America in Europe, 1780-1830 / 
Encounter with enlightenment : a study of Japanese ethics / 
Posts and pasts : a theory of postcolonialism / 
Appreciate your life : the essence of Zen practice / 
Dakini's warm breath : the feminine principle in Tibetan Buddhism / 
The Native American in short fiction in the Saturday Evening Post : an annotated bibliography / 
Diseases of fruit crops / 
Tropical plant breeding / 
Genetic improvement of cotton : emerging technologies / 
The essential worldwide monster guide / 
Wedding flowers / 
St. Michael's scales / 
Secret messages : concealment, codes, and other types of ingenious communication / 
Freedom of speech in the United States / 
Slow emergencies / 
The colonial architecture of Mexico / 
1 & 2 Kings / 
The illustrated book of world rankings / 
The Children's treasury of virtues / 
Encyclopedia of European social history from 1350 to 2000 / 
Community quilts : how to organize, design, & make a group quilt / 
The New World Dutch barn : the evolution, forms, and structure of a disappearing icon / 
Notable British novelists / 
Citizen Sarris, American film critic : essays in honor of Andrew Sarris / 
Seeking modernity in China's name : Chinese students in the United States, 1900-1927 / 
Critical survey of short fiction / 
The journey / 
The science of seasons / 
Family leave policy : the political economy of work and family in America / 
Breast cancer : journey to recovery / 
Crossing Highbridge : a memoir of Irish America / 
What will I be? / 
Meet my family / 
USA in space / 
The major : 7 days at golf's greatest championship / 
Madame Butterfly : Japonisme, Puccini, & the search for the real Cho-Cho-San / 
International dimensions of organizational behavior / 
I'll be there / 
Raggedy Ann & Andy : a retrospective celebrating 85 years of storybook friends / 
Beauty and the serpent : thirteen tales of unnatural animals / 
The science of structures / 
Building character through literature : a guide for middle school readers / 
The interpreter : a novel / 
Mastering coding : tools, techniques, and practical applications : a worktext / 
Manufactured sites : rethinking the post-industrial landscape / 
Endovascular surgery / 
Numerical methods in computational electrodynamics : linear systems in practical applications / 
Good laboratory practice : the why and the how / 
Foliations on surfaces / 
Atomic and molecular beams : the state of the art 2000 / 
Managing corporate change / 
The films of Harold Pinter / 
Economics as moral science / 
Product integrity and reliability in design / 
Electrochemistry of glasses and glass melts : including glass electrodes / 
Excellence in communicating organizational strategy / 
Rawls and religion : the case for political liberalism / 
Radar system performance modeling / 
The trade secret handbook : protecting your franchise system's competitive advantage / 
The coolest guys 2 : featuring 35 of the top players from the coolest game on earth / 
The hiding place / 
Substance use disorders : a practical guide / 
Physician assistant review / 
Damn! : reflections on life's biggest regrets / 
A lifelong call to learn : approaches to continuing education for church leaders / 
The salt solution / 
The good carb cookbook : secrets of eating low on the glycemic index / 
Review of clinical anesthesia / 
Fabric : projects and creative decorating ideas / 
Patient education : principles & practices / 
The undivided soul : helping congregations connect body and spirit / 
School business administration : a planning approach / 
Funny that way : adventures in fabulousness / 
The hungry giant of the Tundra / 
The AACRAO guide to the Student Right-to-Know Act and the graduation rate survey 2000/ 
Sexual fulfillment for single and married, straight and gay, young and old / 
The supervisory alliance : facilitating the psychotherapist's learning experience / 
Modeling and simulation of aerospace vehicle dynamics / 
Dear mom ; thank you for everything / 
3-minute consultations with America's greatest psychotherapists / 
ASTM standards on electrical protective equipment for workers / 
Educational theory : philosophical and political perspectives / 
Project management for the technical professional / 
Excerptiones iuris : studies in honor of André Gouron / 
Foucault and Latin America : appropriations and deployments of discoursive analysis / 
Women, science, and technology : a reader in feminist science studies / 
Home truths about domestic violence : feminist influences on policy and practice : a reader / 
The idiom adventure : fluency in speaking and listening / 
Duke Ellington's music for the theatre / 
Terror television : American series, 1970-1999 / 
Alias Jack the Ripper : beyond the usual Whitechapel suspects / 
Cut, print, and that's a wrap! : a Hollywood memoir / 
Living with multiple chemical sensitivity : narratives of coping / 
Sales management / 
The mutual fund wealth builder : a profit-building guide for the savvy mutual fund investor / 
Say it with charts : the executive's guide to visual communication / 
Radiation protection guidance for activities in low-earth orbit : 
Always we begin again : the Benedictine way of living / 
Celebrating the seasons : daily spiritual readings for the Christian year / 
The frontal lobes and neuropsychiatric illness / 
Children of the Gold Rush / 
Woldman's engineering alloys / 
Engineers' guide to technical writing / 
Write your own business contracts : what your attorney won't tell you / 
Adult leukemia : a comprehensive guide for patients and families / 
Knowing God in the real world : how to have an authentic faith in a faithless society / 
Molecular modelling : principles and applications / 
International human rights in context : law, politics, morals : text and materials / 
An atlas of osteoarthritis / 
British politics : continuities and change / 
Administrative law / 
The righteous of Switzerland : heroes of the Holocaust / 
The IFILM digital video filmmaker's handbook / 
Decentralizing development : the political economy of institutional change in Colombia and Chile / 
Half-track : a history of American semi-tracked vehicles / 
Criminology : a sociological understanding / 
Radio frequency and microwave electronics illustrated / 
Soul wilderness : a desert spirituality / 
The endangered promises : conflict in Mark / 
Fifth business / 
The many faces of Jesus Christ : intercultural christology / 
Qualitative spatial change / 
Cross currents : family law and policy in the United States and England / 
The challenge of revolution : contemporary Russia in historical perspective / 
Regulatory competition and economic integration : comparative perspectives / 
The Buddha : a very short introduction / 
Democratic consolidation in Eastern Europe / 
The reason's proper study : essays towards a neo-Fregean philosophy of mathematics / 
Aspects of the Belfast Agreement / 
Neuroscience : exploring the brain / 
A critical geography of Britain's state forests / 
A rhetoric for writing teachers / 
Gandhi : a very short introduction / 
How to say it for women / 
Enemy in the Fort / 
Rachid Ghannouchi : a democrat within Islamism  / 
Oracle SQL : the essential reference / 
La magia de las piedras y los cristales cómo usarla para mejorar tú vida / 
The essentials of aggression management in health care / 
Deviant behavior / 
The Aramaeans : their ancient history, culture, religion / 
Windows programming programmer's notebook / 
Real-world Linux security : intrusion, prevention, detection,and recovery / 
Hindu God, Christian God : how reason helps break down the boundaries between religions / 
The minstrel's melody / 
Negotiate with feng shui : enhance your skills in diplomacy, business, and relationships / 
Rimbaud / 
Spiritual abundance : the quest for the presence of God in daily life / 
Tell me what to eat to help prevent colon cancer : nutrition you can live with / 
Handbook of public and community health nursing practice : a health promotion guide / 
The Bostons / 
Thoreau on land : nature's canvas / 
Labrador / 
The wind done gone / 
The paintings of our lives / 
The log of a cowboy : a narrative of the old trail days / 
Carson McCullers : a life / 
Last places : a journey in the north / 
The coldest war : a memoir of Korea / 
Pearl Harbor / 
The weaver takes a wife / 
Savage ecstasy / 
Genius moves : 100 icons of graphic design / 
Thoreau on water : reflecting heaven / 
Accounting with QuickBooks Pro 2000 : for home builders and remodelers / 
Scheduling with Microsoft Project 2000 : unlocking the power for home builders / 
Fighting techniques of a Panzergrenadier, 1941-1945 : training, techniques, and weapons / 
Uncle Tom's cabin, or, Life among the lowly / 
An annotated Walt Whitman bibliography, 1976-1985 / 
Problems in privatization theory and practice in state and local governments / 
Tonality and atonality in Alban Berg's Four songs, op. 2 / 
European and national identities in Britain and Italy : Maastricht on television / 
A source book for strategic studies in Africa / 
A biography of E. Azalia Smith Hackley, 1867-1922, African-American singer and social activist / 
A study of the socialist commune at Ruskin, Tennessee / 
Nachdenklicher Leichtsinn : essays on Goethe and Goethe reception / 
Handbook of developmental cognitive neuroscience / 
Accident prevention manual for business & industry : administration & programs / 
Prayers that heal : faith-building prayers when you need a miracle / 
Tribulation / 
Valley of the shadow / 
Kingdom come : a novel / 
Native plants, native healing : traditional Muskogee way / 
The Latino experience in Omaha : a visual essay / 
Pillow pup / 
Sailor boy jig / 
Bad dog, Dodger! / 
Neurophilosophy of free will : from libertarian illusions to a concept of natural autonomy / 
Histories of the electron : the birth of microphysics / 
Working collages / 
Congenital diseases of the heart : clinical-physiological considerations / 
Bimini twists : a short fiction / 
Child of Venus / 
Quick escapes St. Louis : 25 weekend getaways from the Gateway City / 
The curse of Chalion / 
Deepsix / 
In search of Jesus : insider and outsider images / 
Kovels' bid, buy, and sell online : basic auction information and tricks of the trade / 
The last dream-0-rama : the cars Detroit forgot to build, 1950-1960 / 
Columbus Day / 
Europeanised politics? : European integration and national political systems / 
Gita on the green : the mystical tradition behind Bagger Vance / 
Copyright plain & simple / 
Flexibility in climate policy : making the Kyoto mechanisms work / 
Urban infrastructure in transition : networks, buildings, plans / 
The amenity value of the global climate / 
Electricity 4 : AC/DC motors, controls, and maintenance / 
One pot wonders / 
Strain solitons in solids and how to construct them / 
Paper plate mania / 
Milk carton mania / 
Diwali / 
Novel approaches in biosensors and rapid diagnostic assays / 
The intensive care manual / 
Pocket guide to fluid, electrolyte, and acid-base balance / 
Orthopaedic physical therapy / 
Practical stereology / 
The history and sedimentology of ancient reef systems / 
Molecular biology and physiology of water and solute transport / 
Operational radiation safety training : 
Information technology careers : the hottest jobs for the new millennium / 
Using dynamic general equilibrium models for policy analysis / 
Remaking the concept of aptitude : extending the legacy of Richard E. Snow / 
Managing the global enterprise / 
Social relations and chronic pain / 
Comprehensive handbook of psychopathology / 
Systems approaches to management / 
Advanced abnormal psychology / 
Strategic logistics management / 
The journal and major essays of John Woolman / 
The American renaissance in New England. Third series / 
From Baltimore to Bohemia : the letters of H.L. Mencken and George Sterling / 
Napoleon's Italy / 
The expectant mother's workbook / 
Regulating utilities : new issues, new solutions / 
Frontiers of evolutionary economics : competition, self-organization, and innovation policy / 
Organization and management in the embrace of government / 
Globalism, localism, and identity : fresh perspectives on the transition to sustainability / 
Management, work, and welfare in Western Europe : a historical and comtemporary analysis / 
The beyond / 
Metaplanetary : a novel of interplanetary civil war / 
The Holocaust and World War II almanac / 
The king of dreams / 
Miss Sedgewick and the spy / 
What are friends for? / 
The forest / 
The seven ages / 
The mask and the sorceress / 
Economic analysis for international trade negotiations : the WTO and agricultural trade / 
Millennial capitalism and the culture of neoliberalism / 
Alternative modernities / 
Enemy glory / 
On biblical narrative / 
No talk! No baby! / 
The Perseids : poems / 
Freedom from fibromyalgia : the 5-week program proven to conquer pain / 
Asian media productions / 
The relation of Christology to ethics in the first Epistle of John / 
The renaissance of American medicine : a century of new learning and caring / 
Zen in your garden / 
Beyond Isabella : secular women patrons of art in Renaissance Italy / 
A primer for beginning psychotherapy / 
Health and ethnicity / 
Special interest : a novel / 
Growing up : strange beginnings / 
The red letter plays / 
Prelude to a kiss and other plays / 
Exposed by the mask : form and language in drama / 
Private investigation, security science, and public service / 
John Updike's Rabbit tetralogy : mastered irony in motion / 
India's prisoner : a biography of Edward John Thompson, 1886-1946 / 
Windows & doors / 
Walls & ceilings / 
Christianity and the Roman Empire : background texts / 
Telling the untold stories : encounters with the resurrected Jesus / 
Dealing with the devil : East Germany, détente, and Ostpolitik, 1969-1973 / 
Winds of change : hurricanes & the transformation of nineteenth-century Cuba / 
Omaha Beach : a flawed victory / 
A nation for all : race, inequality, and politics in twentieth-century Cuba / 
Orchids / 
Washington, D.C. from the air / 
Vibrations : 
In search of York : the slave who went to the Pacific with Lewis and Clark / 
Jesus up close / 
Unshaken / 
Freedom's belle / 
Creative spirituality : the way of the artist / 
The country of memory : remaking the past in late socialist Vietnam / 
Questioning Ramayanas : a South Asian tradition / 
Remaking a world : violence, social suffering, and recovery / 
Epic encounters : culture, media, and U.S. interests in the Middle East, 1945-2000 / 
Inventing home : emigration, gender, and the middle class in Lebanon, 1870-1920 / 
Gypsy law : Romani legal traditions and culture / 
Islands in the city : West Indian migration to New York / 
Young, white, and miserable : growing up female in the fifties / 
Homosexuality & psychoanalysis / 
Skeptical music : essays on modern poetry / 
Getting it published : a guide for scholars and anyone else serious about serious books / 
Advocacy after Bhopal : environmentalism, disaster, new global orders / 
Savage energies : lessons of myth and ritual in ancient Greece / 
Two Jews on a train : stories from the old country and the new / 
Feminisms at a millennium / 
Sea soup : zooplankton / 
The illustrated history of the Vietnam War / 
Tractors / 
Philosophy & myth in Karl Marx / 
Freud and the politics of psychoanalysis / 
Conducting the experiential group : an introduction to group dynamics / 
Christian footings : creation, world religions, personalism, Revelation, and Jesus / 
After Watergate : Nixon and the newsweeklies / 
A rhetorical analysis of the NAFTA debate / 
Manual for the infant-toddler and family instrument (ITFI) / 
Fauré and French musical aesthetics / 
Stravinsky's late music / 
Theatre and war, 1933-1945 : performance in extremis / 
Jane and the prisoner of Wool House / 
Beyond world's end / 
English in Australia / 
Cast a road before me : a novel / 
The Odin field : a story / 
Aztecs / 
Child abuse on the internet : ending the silence / 
Identity and emotion : development through self-organization / 
Early childhood inclusion : focus on change / 
Art as language : access to thoughts and feelings through stimulus drawings / 
Understanding the tin man : why so many men avoid intimacy / 
A community reinforcement approach to addiction treatment / 
Disorders of voluntary muscle / 
Disorders of hemoglobin : genetics, pathophysiology, and clinical management / 
A concise guide to intraoperative monitoring / 
Tests and measurements in speech-language pathology / 
Primaeval history interpreted : the rewriting of Genesis 1-11 in the Book of Jubilees / 
Community and civil society / 
Smart couples finish rich : 9 steps to creating a rich future for you and your partner / 
Interdisciplinary food safety research / 
Applied calculus / 
A technical guide to IPSec virtual private networks / 
Tsunami : the underrated hazard / 
Probabilistic risk analysis : foundations and methods / 
Poultry meat processing / 
Brain drug targeting : the future of brain drug development / 
Conducting research in anaesthesia and intensive care medicine / 
Input and evidence : the raw material of second language acquisition / 
L. Annaeus Seneca Troades : introduction, text, and commentary / 
Medieval England / 
The Vietnam War / 
Forensic art and illustration / 
Tropical estuarine fishes : ecology, exploitation, and conservation / 
Modern statistics for engineering and quality improvement / 
Mars / 
Vorticity and incompressible flow / 
Geometry and topology for mesh generation / 
Careers in art and graphic design / 
Linguistic politeness in Britain and Uruguay : a contrastive study of requests and apologies / 
A guide to Old English / 
Investing in the new Europe / 
Mangoes and quince : a novel / 
The incredible Civil War / 
Learner English : a teacher's guide to interference and other problems / 
Russian culture / 
Neil Simon scenes : scenes from the works of America's foremost playwright / 
Barron's pass key to the ACT, American College Testing Program / 
Missouri evidentiary foundations / 
Inclusive middle schools / 
Politics after neoliberalism : reregulation in Mexico / 
Constitutional culture and democratic rule / 
Homocysteine in health and disease / 
Clinical applications of artificial neural networks / 
Calculations for veterinary nurses / 
Brewing yeast fermentation performance / 
Handbook of organic food processing and production / 
The ambient century : from Mahler to trance : the evolution of sound in the electronic age / 
Clever as a fox : what animal intelligence can teach us about ourselves / 
Continuous signals and systems with MATLAB / 
When Christians retire : finding new purpose in your bonus years / 
Interpreting the New Testament : essays on methods and issues / 
Beyond religion : 
HPLC : practical and industrial applications / 
Churchless Christianity / 
Dark : a novel / 
Venice's Mediterranean colonies : architecture and urbanism / 
The butcher's apron : new & selected poems, including "Greed: part 14" / 
Trust fund / 
The flaneur : a stroll through the paradoxes of Paris / 
A walk through Old Salem / 
Georgianna : a Virginia family saga / 
The big nap / 
Enquiries at the interface : philosophical problems of online education / 
Matrix theory and applications with MATLAB / 
The Mediterranean diet : constituents and health promotion / 
Numerical analysis / 
Food, consumers, and the food industry : catastrophe or opportunity? / 
Binomial distribution handbook for scientists and engineers / 
Signal detection theory / 
Crossroads : stories of Central Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts, 1912-2000 / 
Rare earths : poems / 
We're so famous / 
The Motivated sign : iconicity in language and literature 2 / 
Manuscripts in the library of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge / 
Globalization and the Kingdom of God / 
Legislative labyrinth : Congress and campaign finance reform / 
Honest talk about eating disorders / 
Barron's guide to the most competitive colleges / 
Games you canʼt lose : a guide for suckers / 
We remember C.S. Lewis : essays & memoirs / 
The forever people : living today in the light of eternity / 
Formation of the heart and its regulation / 
Collaborative care : interprofessional, interagency and interpersonal / 
Andor Weininger : works in the Busch-Reisinger Museum / 
All about Eve : ten selected women of the Bible / 
God's top ten list : a prescription for positive living / 
Telling it like it was : preaching in the first person / 
Conversations with the Savior : dialogues and children's sermons for Lent and Easter / 
The practice of macro social work / 
I never knew I had a choice : explorations in personal growth / 
The crossword connection / 
Death dines at 8:30 / 
1200 / 
The Romans / 
Ancient Greece / 
Kent in the twentieth century / 
The geometry of the group of symplectic diffeomorphisms / 
Geometric algebra with applications in science and engineering / 
Radiation dosimetry : instrumentation and methods / 
Computer aided design, engineering, and manufacturing : systems techniques and applications / 
Introduction to probability with Mathematica / 
Acupuncture : visible holism : an original interpretation of acupuncture from root to tip / 
The emporium of the world : maritime Quanzhou, 1000-1400 / 
The changing earth : exploring geology and evolution / 
The light of Thy countenance : science and knowledge of God in the thirteenth century / 
The conquest of the soul : confession, discipline, and public order in Counter-Reformation Milan / 
Karate : a step-by-step guide to shotokan karate / 
Freddy Bear / 
Critter sitters / 
Turkey hunting tactics : 
Kids gone fishin' : 
Modern tribology handbook / 
Theories of the world from antiquity to the Copernican Revolution / 
Run for the Wall : remembering Vietnam on a motorcycle pilgrimage / 
Christianity, social change, and globalization in the Americas / 
Foreign investment and privatization in Eastern Europe / 
Understanding European foreign policy / 
Beyond the bottom line : the search for dignity at work / 
The annotated arch : a crash course in the history of architecture / 
Cryptography decrypted / 
Stage makeup / 
Cognitive psychology / 
ASM ready reference. Electrical and magnetic properties of metals / 
Business organizations for paralegals / 
Basic contract law for paralegals / 
The ABCs of the UCC : Revised article 9, Secured transactions  / 
Autumn is for apples / 
Hermeneutic dialogue and social science : a critique of Gadamer and Habermas / 
Marketing and social construction : exploring the rhetorics of managed consumption / 
Higher education and lifelong learners : international perspectives on change / 
101 investment tools for buying low and selling high / 
Crossing the unknown sea : work as a pilgrimage of identity / 
Seeds of grace : a nun's reflections on the spirituality of Alcoholics Anonymous / 
Life after death : a novel / 
Anthropology : contemporary perspectives / 
Autonomy and normativity : investigations of truth, right, and beauty / 
A Yale papyrus (P Yale III 137) in the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library III / 
Dimension stone cladding : design, construction, evaluation, and repair / 
Trigonometry : graphs & models / 
The house that Jack built : my life story as a trailblazer in broadcasting and entertainment / 
Assessment of blue-green algal toxins in raw and finished drinking water / 
Socioeconomic impacts of water conservation / 
Changing conceptions of psychoanalysis : the legacy of Merton M. Gill / 
Enhancing coagulation with calcium addition / 
The price of citizenship : redefining the American welfare state / 
Afterimage : a novel / 
Housebroken : three novellas / 
The web of women's leadership : recasting congregational ministry / 
What is ADR? : a guide for the IP lawyer / 
Option pricing and portfolio optimization : modern methods of financial mathematics / 
Black box classical groups / 
Cocycles of CCR flows / 
The spectrum of a module category / 
The visual in social theory / 
Quantum linear groups and representations of GLn (Fq) / 
Seven wonders of the ancient world / 
Soldier boys / 
First & Second Thessalonians / 
Painted warriors and wild lions : travels in Africa / 
Motherhood in the balance : children, career, me, and God  / 
Parenting with Scripture : a topical guide for teachable moments / 
How claims spread : cross-national diffusion of social problems / 
On numbers and games / 
Beverly Cleary / 
Building community capacity / 
Transition to twins : your first multi-engine rating / 
Perseverance without doctrine : Adorno, self-critique, and the ends of academic theology / 
European tort law : liber amicorum for Helmut Koziol / 
Botswana : the future of the minority languages / 
Further essays on Seneca / 
Enlightenment and romance : gender and agency in Smollett and Scott / 
A study of ancient Roman amphibious and offensive sea-ground task force operations / 
The book of African fables / 
The managerial network in a multinational enterprise / 
The breast health cookbook: fast and simple recipes to reduce the risk of cancer / 
Paul Nash : writings on art / 
Japan's new economy : continuity and change in the twenty-first century / 
The realms of verse, 1830-1870 : English poetry in a time of nation-building / 
Politics in the vernacular : nationalism, multiculturalism, and citizenship / 
Designing Europe : comparative lessons from the federal experience / 
Territory : the claiming of space / 
Mole and Shrew have jobs to do / 
Squeak : object-oriented design with multimedia applications / 
Infants and toddlers / 
Hungry! Hungry! Hungry! / 
Cranbrook / 
Competitiveness and cohesion in EU policies / 
The scarecrow's hat / 
Pi-shu, the little panda / 
American roots : readings on U.S. cultural history / 
Ten seeds / 
A mirror on the Rhine? : the Nouvelle revue germanique, Strasbourg 1829-1837 / 
Law enforcement career starter / 
Biomedical ethics and Jewish law / 
Perspectives on uncertainty and risk : the PRIMA approach to decision support / 
Reliabilities of consecutive-k systems / 
Physics and modelling of wind erosion / 
Stellar astrophysics : proceedings of the Pacific Rim Conference held in Hong Kong, 1999 / 
Non-crystalline chalcogenides / 
Code optimization techniques for embedded processors : methods, algorithms, and tools / 
Multivariate statistical analysis : a high-dimensional approach / 
Materials for lithium-ion batteries / 
Interconnects in VLSI design / 
Developing models in science education / 
Optimality conditions : abnormal and degenerate problems / 
Probabilistic constrained optimization : methodology and applications / 
Mountain biking / 
Sophocles : the complete plays / 
Augusta, gone : a true story / 
The seventh telling : the Kabbalah of Moshe Katan / 
The winds of havoc : a memoir of adventure and destruction in deepest Africa / 
The tin collectors : a novel / 
Buckminster Fuller : anthology for the new millennium / 
Cell polarity and subcellular RNA localization / 
Formability of metallic materials : plastic anisotropy, formability testing, forming limits / 
Regular and chaotic oscillations / 
Acute Leukemias VIII : prognostic factors and treatment strategies / 
Leaf by leaf : autumn poems / 
Marsupial Sue / 
The Edison mystery / 
Erie Maritime Museum and U.S. brig Niagara : Pennsylvania trail of history guide / 
All shook up : music, passion, and politics / 
Remembering the "Forgotten War" : the Korean War through literature and art / 
Hunting and the American imagination / 
An archaeology of Elmina : Africans and Europeans on the Gold Coast, 1400-1900 / 
Anuran communication / 
Concrete masonry designer's handbook / 
Feasting the heart : fifty-two commentaries for the air / 
Ask a nurse : from home remedies to hospital care / 
Emerson, Thoreau, and the role of the cultural critic / 
Engagement and indifference : Beckett and the political / 
Fear and loathing in America : the brutal odyssey of an outlaw journalist, 1968-1976 / 
Practical manual for musculoskeletal trauma / 
Clinical decision making in fluency disorders / 
Esophageal motility testing made easy / 
User's guide to the Bluebook / 
Your pain is real : free yourself from chronic pain with breakthrough medical treatments / 
Primrose past : the 1848 journal of young Lady Primrose / 
Traditions of the Swamp Fox : William W. Boddie's Francis Marion / 
How schools change : lessons from three communities revisited / 
The strawberry season / 
Thunder on the Sierra / 
A master course in feng-shui / 
Secret of the Vajra world : the Tantric Buddhism of Tibet / 
Making friends with death : a Buddhist guide to encountering mortality / 
The pocket Buddha reader / 
Awakening to Zen : the teachings of Roshi Philip Kapleau / 
Math for all seasons : mind-stretching math riddles / 
Uncle Blubbafink's seriously ridiculous stories / 
The Sail book of common sense cruising / 
The modern invention of information : discourse, history, and power / 
Raid at Red Mill / 
The Korean language / 
Bud, sweat, and tees : a walk on the wild side of the PGA Tour / 
All we are saying : the last major interview with John Lennon and Yoko Ono / 
The day I went missing / 
While innocents slept : a story of revenge, murder, and SIDS / 
Waiting for my cats to die : a morbid memoir / 
Shakespeare behind bars : the power of drama in a women's prison / 
Black Lotus / 
Endless honeymoon / 
Evan can wait : a Constable Evans mystery / 
Ticket home / 
The me I knew I could be / 
French fried : the culinary capers of an American in Paris / 
The girl in the face of the clock / 
Death of a hired man / 
The gripping beast / 
Hitler : profile of a dictator / 
Regionalism and globalization : theory and practice / 
Sport in the city : the role of sport in economic and social regeneration / 
Living with environmental change : social vulnerability, adaptation and resilience in Vietnam / 
International law in the post-Cold War world : 
Virtual gender : technology, consumption, and identity / 
Econometric analysis of the real estate market and investment / 
A handbook for action research in health and social care / 
The Cambridge controversies in capital theory : a study in the logic of theory development / 
Education, reform, and the state : twenty-five years of politics, policy, and practice / 
Learning for a diverse world : using critical theory to read and write about literature / 
Colloquial Icelandic : the complete course for beginners / 
The Taming of the shrew : critical essays / 
Complex inequality : gender, class, and race in the new economy / 
Dance with demons : the life of Jerome Robbins / 
The Arabian nights : tales from a Thousand and one nights / 
I want the cross! : living a radical faith / 
Fight back & win : 
Looking after your body : 
The practice of nursing research : conduct, critique & utilization / 
The science of liquids & solids / 
It's what he would've wanted : a novel about secrets, suicide, and bad weather / 
Confessions of a boatbuilder / 
Uphill with Archie : a son's journey / 
Where vultures feast : shell, human rights, and oil in the Niger Delta / 
The chimpanzees I love : saving their world and ours / 
Essays on item response theory / 
Fundamentals of modern statistical methods : substantially improving power and accuracy / 
Learning language in logic / 
Advances in software engineering : comprehension, evaluation, and evolution / 
Best approximation in inner product spaces / 
Sequential Monte Carlo methods in practice / 
Landscape ecology in theory and practice : pattern and process / 
Principles of convective heat transfer / 
The red heifer : a novel / 
Probability and statistics in experimental physics / 
The technological arsenal : emerging defense capabilities / 
Racing and (e)racing language : living with the color of our words / 
Unholy dying / 
The evening light : poems / 
Organize your business travel! : simple ways to manage your work while you're out of the office / 
Love letters of a lifetime : romance in America / 
House of light : novel / 
Irish wedding traditions : using your heritage to  create the perfect wedding / 
A heart for the Master : 120 devotional readings / 
Africa [microform] : 1995-1997 : supplement / 
Confidential U.S. State Department central files. Cuba, 1960-January 1963 [microform] : 
How to make money in coins right now / 
Economic trends in US agriculture and food systems since World War II / 
Inside Chinese business : a guide for managers worldwide / 
My mom's sweet influence / 
The hunter / 
Help, my little girl's growing up / 
Phillips' awesome collection of quips and quotes / 
Stories to feed your soul / 
Controlling your emotions, before they control you / 
Jesus loves me lullabies and prayers / 
True revival / 
Moms make a difference / 
Can we know for certain we are going to heaven? / 
Reasoning from the scriptures with Masons / 
Men are like waffles, women are like spaghetti / 
Faith that pleases God / 
Future wave / 
My dad made a difference / 
The little wing giver / 
Little Dinosaur / 
Rock it, sock it, number line / 
Humphrey's corner / 
American philosophy of technology : the empirical turn / 
Pain imaging / 
The child with headache : diagnosis and treatment / 
Parkinson's disease : methods and protocols / 
Singular electromagnetic fields and sources / 
Intuiting artistic genius : Carl Siembab as photographic curator / 
Beautiful boat crafts : decorating ideas and projects for onboard / 
First ladies of the White House / 
Our presidents : their lives and stories / 
Methods for electromagnetic field analysis / 
Java 2 weekend crash course / 
Red Hat Linux 7 bible / 
The riddle of the compass : the invention that changed the world / 
The discipline of surrender : biblical images of discipleship / 
The message of the Resurrection : Christ is risen! / 
New dictionary of biblical theology / 
The shape of practical theology : empowering ministry with theological praxis / 
Jesus and the logic of history / 
Hear, my son : teaching and learning in Proverbs 1-9 / 
The message of Matthew : the kingdom of heaven / 
Christ, our righteousness : Paul's theology of justification / 
Neither poverty nor riches : a biblical theology of material possessions / 
Original sin : illuminating the riddle / 
Long wandering prayer : an invitation to walk with God / 
The message of the living God : his glory, his people, his world / 
Invitation to theology / 
The singer : a classic retelling of cosmic conflict / 
This is my name forever : the Trinity & gender language for God / 
6 modern myths about Christianity & Western civilization / 
Unapologetic apologetics : meeting the challenges of theological studies / 
Slave of Christ : a New Testament metaphor for total devotion to Christ / 
Chicken soup for the gardener's soul : 101 stories to sow seeds of love, hope, and laughter / 
Lightning strikes / 
The far horizon / 
Kitchen confidential : adventures in the culinary underbelly / 
The war wagon / 
The deadly amigos / 
The case of the perjured parrot / 
Terror in Eagle Basin / 
Gunfight at the O.K. Corral / 
The 30-minute fitness solution : a four-step plan for women of all ages / 
Return to reason / 
Personalizing crises / 
For the love of a dog : a memoir / 
The dinosaurs meet Dr. Clock / 
Environmental information systems in industry and public administration / 
Telecommuting and virtual offices : issues and opportunities / 
Direct from Dell : strategies that revolutionized an industry / 
Return from heaven : beloved relatives reincarnated within your family / 
A voyage for madmen / 
Who's afraid of Virginia ham? / 
The last report on the miracles at Little No Horse / 
Inner gardening : four seasons of cultivating the soil and the spirit / 
New essays on the precritical Kant / 
Breaking apart : a memoir of divorce / 
The competitive edge III : gravity, balance, and kinetics of the horse and rider / 
The Ringering Site and the Archaic-Woodland transition in the American Bottom / 
Editorial peer review : its strengths and weaknesses / 
Merleau-Ponty's later works and their practical implications : the dehiscence of responsibility / 
Nietzsche's prophecy : the crisis in meaning / 
The immorality of promising / 
The trial and death of Socrates : Euthyphro, Apology, Crito, death scene from Phaedo / 
Modern Naples : a documentary history, 1799-1999 / 
The great bear / 
A therapist's guide to Growing free : a manual for survivors of domestic violence / 
Growing free : a manual for survivors of domestic violence / 
The body bears the burden  : trauma, dissociation, and disease / 
Metes and bounds / 
The work of a gay college chaplain : becoming ourselves in the company of others / 
Being gay and lesbian in a Catholic high school : beyond the uniform / 
Psychosocial aspects of the Asian-American experience : diversity within diversity / 
Evaluating HIV/AIDS treatment programs : innovative methods and findings / 
Managing organizations for sport and physical activity : a systems perspective / 
Divided we stand : teaching about conflict in U.S. history / 
Ritual thinking : sexuality, death, world / 
Oprah Winfrey / 
Parallel lies / 
The wrinkle cure : unlock the power of cosmeceuticals for supple, youthful skin / 
Reversing diabetes / 
What is occultism? / 
The snow queen / 
Colorado's canyon country : a guide to hiking & floating BLM wildlands / 
International sports medicine directory / 
Dendritic cell protocols / 
Advanced marathoning / 
Kinetic anatomy / 
Active living every day / 
Life span motor development / 
Evolve! : succeeding in the digital culture of tomorrow / 
China's emerging private enterprises : prospects for the new century / 
Bisexuality in the lives of men : facts and fictions / 
Visionseeker : shared wisdom from the place of refuge / 
Political competition : theory and applications / 
KDE 2/QT programming bible / 
Misconception / 
Love climbs in / 
Bloody river blues : a location scout mystery / 
The Prometheus deception / 
Abduction / 
Remembering Charles Kuralt / 
The opinions of Grotius as contained in the Hollandsche consultatien en advijsen / 
Pathology of laboratory rodents & rabbits / 
Parasitic diseases of wild mammals / 
Infectious diseases of wild mammals / 
Letters to friends / 
Indiana's favorite restaurants : with a recipe sampler / 
Jesse Owens : an unauthorized biography / 
George Lucas : an unauthorized biography / 
A matter of self-esteem and other stories / 
Release the potential : a practical guide to myofascial release for horse & rider / 
Life in a three-ring-circus / 
Bubblegum delicious : poems / 
Good Queen Bess : the story of Elizabeth I of England / 
Father Fox's pennyrhymes / 
Tightrope / 
Resolving infertility / 
Preschool motor speech evaluation & intervention / 
Modern dictionary for the legal profession / 
Not in front of the children : "indecency," censorship and the innocence of youth / 
The Hindu Temple : deification of eroticism / 
June-tree : new and selected poems, 1974-2000 / 
A group of one / 
We rode the orphan trains / 
Separate sisters / 
Decorative painting / 
Smart but stuck : emotional aspects of learning disabilities and imprisoned intelligence / 
Dappled apples / 
Ronald Reagan : the great communicator / 
Racing the antelope : what animals can teach us about running and life / 
Driving digital : Microsoft and its customers speak about thriving in the e-business era / 
Longaberger : an American success story / 
The 30-second golf swing : how to train your brain to improve your game / 
Readings in medieval political theory : 1100-1400 / 
Healthcare marketing, sales, and service : an executive companion / 
Oracle 8i and Microsoft SQL Server 2000 integration / 
The secret road / 
Let the glory out : my South and its politics / 
Girls got game : sports stories and poems / 
Lewis and Clark and me : a dog's tale / 
Unlovable / 
Cat in the manger / 
The wonders of Donal O'Donnell : a folktale of Ireland / 
A houseful of Christmas / 
Hicks, tribes & dirty realists : American fiction after postmodernism / 
Journey on the James : three weeks through the heart of Virginia / 
The shirt off his back : a novel / 
Medical privacy legislation : implications for workers' compensation / 
Webster's New World compact school and office dictionary / 
Adenauer : the father of the new Germany / 
Practical statistics and experimental design for plant and crop science / 
Key words for the Crowley tarot / 
Metamorphosis and identity / 
Touched by kindness : true stories of people blessed by compassion / 
Designing arcade computer game graphics / 
Quiet moments for grandmothers / 
The broke diaries : the completely true and hilarious misadventures of a good girl gone broke / 
The Duke of Havana : baseball, Cuba, and the search for the American dream / 
Essential atlas of heart diseases / 
Essential atlas of gynecology / 
Summer Island : a novel / 
The history of the Sacramento Kings / 
The history of the Orlando Magic / 
The history of the New York Knicks / 
The history of the Minnesota Timberwolves / 
The history of the New Jersey Nets / 
The history of the San Antonio Spurs / 
The history of the Portland Trail Blazers / 
The history of the Utah Jazz / 
The history of the Memphis Grizzlies / 
The history of the Washington Wizards / 
The history of the Phoenix Suns / 
The history of the Philadelphia 76ers / 
The history of the Charlotte Hornets / 
The history of the Cleveland Cavaliers / 
The history of the Detroit Pistons / 
The history of the Chicago Bulls / 
The history of the Denver Nuggets / 
The history of the Dallas Mavericks / 
The history of the Toronto Raptors / 
The history of the Golden State Warriors / 
The history of the Seattle SuperSonics / 
The history of the Houston Rockets / 
The history of the Indiana Pacers / 
The history of the Los Angeles Clippers / 
The history of the Miami Heat / 
End of life nursing care / 
Favorite Sherlock Holmes detective stories / 
International futurism in arts and literature / 
The safekeepers : a memoir of the arts at the end of World War II / 
The problem of Christianity / 
The sources of religious insight / 
On the virtues / 
World as word : philosophical theology in Gerard Manley Hopkins / 
Pillar of fire : a historical novel / 
All things restored : confirming the authenticity of LDS beliefs / 
Foundations for practice in occupational therapy / 
The spirit woman / 
N-person game theory : concepts and applications / 
A book of Irish verse / 
Serving on a jury : a true book / 
Here comes trouble / 
Food safety / 
Game day / 
Money trouble / 
Messy Bessey's closet / 
The messy lot / 
Get out of my chair / 
A bottomless grave and other Victorian tales of terror / 
Native American tales and legends / 
Native Americans in the Carolina Borderlands : a critical ethnography / 
William's turn / 
Silly questions / 
The center of things / 
The breath of parted lips : voices from the Robert Frost Place / 
Sexual healing through yin and yang / 
Feng shui : harmonizing your inner & outer space / 
In search of deep time : beyond the fossil record to a new history of life / 
Icarus : a thriller / 
Listen to me / 
Sugar / 
Apples / 
Peanuts / 
Grains / 
Daysprings : meditations for the weekdays of Advent, Lent, and Easter / 
Speaking of sin : the lost language of salvation / 
Christian social witness / 
Ice cream / 
The coin counting book / 
Underwater counting : even numbers / 
Red Riding Hood's math adventure / 
Mary Stuart / 
The lightning discharge / 
The Fermi solution : essays on science / 
The width of the sea / 
Glenna's seeds / 
What the CEO wants you to know : how your company really works / 
One day at Wood Green Animal Shelter / 
Piggy and Dad / 
The diary of a political idiot : normal life in Belgrade / 
Secrets of reflexology / 
On the waterfront : a play / 
Nursing leadership, management, and professional practice for the LPN/LVN / 
Birds of North America. Eastern region / 
Birds of North America : Western region / 
Coaching successfully / 
Andrew Grove / 
Moving to E-business / 
Understanding accounts / 
Marketing effectively / 
The cancer patient's workbook : everything you need to stay organized and informed / 
The golf instruction manual / 
I am : I am a dancer / 
David gets his drum / 
Wales / 
Oscar fever : the history and politics of the Academy Awards / 
Flash ActionScript / 
CorelDRAW for Linux / 
MCSE migrating from NT 4 to Windows 2000 / 
Photoshop 6 visual insight / 
Bhutan / 
After Prohibition : an adult approach to drug policies in the 21st century / 
The voice of the butterfly : a novel / 
American exorcism : expelling demons in the land of plenty / 
Commercial electrical wiring / 
The book of pirates / 
Uncertain voyage / 
The fisher king : a novel / 
The British Empire as a world power / 
Current dermatologic diagnosis & treatment / 
Algebraic statistics : computational commutative algebra in statistics / 
The Atlantis blueprint : unlocking the ancient mysteries of a long-lost civilization / 
The elements of journalism : what newspeople should know and the public should expect / 
Turn south at the next magnolia : directions from a lifelong southerner / 
Schooling / 
Leadership, type and culture : perspectives from across the globe / 
Barns / 
The little drummer boy / 
Thanksgiving mice! / 
Kazakhstan / 
Manual of pediatric anesthesia / 
Neurology and general medicine / 
Obstetrics : normal and problem pregnancies / 
Abject loyalty : nationalism and monarchy in Ireland during the reign of Queen Victoria / 
Handbook of global social policy / 
Statistical methods for clinical trials / 
Tap water as a hydraulic pressure medium / 
Cytokine inhibitors / 
The chemical process industries infrastructure : function and economics / 
The way of escape / 
Candles : fast & fabulous projects / 
Ornaments : fast & fabulous projects / 
Birthday treats : recipes and crafts for the whole family / 
Critical thinking for working students / 
To the ends of the earth : 
The Dragonhead : the true story of the godfather of Chinese crime--his rise and fall / 
Carolina Bays : an annotated and comprehensive bibliography, 1844-2000 / 
As long as she needs me / 
Essentials of New Jersey real estate / 
Mastering real estate principles / 
Krúdy's chronicles : turn-of-the-century Hungary in Gyula Krúdy's journalism / 
Sephardic flavors : Jewish cooking of the Mediterranean / 
Low-fat cooking to beat the clock : delicious, inspired meals in 15 minutes / 
Chemistry : an introduction to general, organic, and biological chemistry / 
Conamara blues : poems / 
The U.S. Secret Service / 
Anna's scrapbook : journal of a sister's love / 
Walt Disney's The ugly duckling / 
Be our guest : perfecting the art of customer service / 
Being humans : anthropological universality and particularity in transdisciplinary perspectives / 
Defense lawyers / 
Your life in your hands : understanding, preventing and overcoming breast cancer / 
Parity of the sexes / 
Hail, Holy Queen : the Mother of God in the word of God / 
Explaining NATO enlargement / 
Fences, walls & gates : 
Dear world / 
The code of ethics for the health education profession : a case study book / 
The ties that divide : ethnic politics, foreign policy, and international conflict / 
Gendering world politics : issues and approaches in the post-Cold War era / 
Austin Leslie's creole-soul : New Orleans' cooking with a soulful twist / 
The huddled masses : the immigrant in American society, 1880-1921 / 
Rolling stone : the decades of rock & roll / 
The wildlife of Star Wars : a field guide / 
How to really, really write those boring police reports! / 
The unknown errors of our lives : stories / 
Mission-critical active directory / 
Data mining explained : a manager's guide to customer-centric business intelligence / 
Data quality : the field guide / 
Microsoft data mining : integrated business intelligence for e-Commerce and knowledge management / 
Behind closed doors : the art of Hans Bellmer / 
Taxonomy and distribution of the calanoid copepod family Heterorhabdidae / 
Storied land : community and memory in Monterey / 
The river stops here : saving Round Valley, a pivotal chapter in California's water wars / 
The new Tibetan-English dictionary of modern Tibetan / 
The third woman : the secret passion that inspired The end of the affair / 
The twilight years : Paris in the 1930s / 
The food lover's guide to the best ethnic eating in New York City / 
Magic / 
Kansas limited liability company : forms and practice manual / 
You think you hear / 
String of pearls : on the news beat in New York and Paris / 
American chica : two worlds, one childhood / 
Terrorism versus democracy : the liberal state response / 
Cold steel rain / 
My mom is a beekeeper / 
Let's go to a fair / 
My dad works on a farm / 
My grandmother works in a dress shop / 
Let's get ready for Thanksgiving / 
My grandfather works in a bakery / 
Concise guide to psychiatry and law for clinicians / 
Textbook of administrative psychiatry : new concepts for a changing behavioral health system / 
Life's intrinsic value ; science, ethics, and nature / 
The Gawgon and The Boy / 
CCNP support / 
Flash 5 : graphics, animation, and interactivity / 
Cape Cod Wampanoag cookbook : Wampanoag Indian recipes, images & lore / 
Citrus cookbook : tantalizing food & beverage recipes from around the world / 
Cityscapes : a history of New York in images / 
The great divide : religious and cultural conflict in American party politics / 
Mambo montage : the Latinization of New York / 
The change monster : the human forces that fuel or foil corporate transformation and change / 
The book of Q : a novel / 
Beauty feng shui : Chinese techniques for unveiling your inner beauty / 
Mac OS 9.1 black book / 
Greetings from Orlando : a historic tour in picture postcards, 1900-1930 / 
GoLive 5 visual insight / 
Flash 5 f/x and design / 
Louis' children : American jazz singers / 
Great Donald Ross golf courses you can play / 
Basic concrete engineering for builders / 
The big tee ball game / 
United States of America / 
The big, beautiful, brown box / 
The noodle game / 
The sparkle thing / 
Labor Day / 
Mathematical aspects of numerical solution of hyperbolic systems / 
El ratoncito pequeño = The little mouse : a nursery rhyme in Spanish and English / 
Continuum glossary of religious terms / 
The career coach : winning strategies for getting ahead in today's job market / 
Yiddish wisdom for parents = Yiddishe khokhme far eltern / 
Electric power system applications of optimization / 
Quantitative chromatographic analysis / 
A+ exam prep / 
Introduction to programmable logic controllers / 
The story of the Amistad / 
Beauty and the beast and other fairy tales / 
The federalization of Spain / 
Grenada / 
Keeping the books : basic recordkeeping and accounting for the successful small business / 
China's son : growing up in the Cultural Revolution / 
Surface characteristics of fibers and textiles / 
Electromagnetic compatibility : principles and applications / 
Aging power delivery infrastructures / 
Modern digital halftoning / 
Airway remodeling / 
Green tea : health benefits and applications / 
Scaling relations in experimental ecology / 
Larkin's jazz : essays and reviews, 1940-84 / 
On post-colonial futures : transformations of colonial culture / 
Dress through the ages / 
Integrated flow modeling / 
Yeast  hybrid technologies / 
Imagery and text : a dual coding theory of reading and writing / 
Media lost and found / 
British and Irish dramatists since World War II. Second series / 
The queen's necklace / 
Touch the top of the world / 
The lobster war / 
The one kingdom / 
Hammerfall / 
The lift-your-spirits quote book / 
Bat conservation / 
Vampire bats-- / 
Bats that eat insects-- / 
The yellow-eyed penguins / 
The crested penguins / 
The little penguins / 
The banded penguins / 
The brush-tailed penguins / 
Bat basics-- / 
Bats that drink nectar-- / 
Economic transition in Vietnam : trade and aid in the demise of a centrally planned economy / 
The Gospel of Matthew in current study : studies in memory of William G. Thompson, S.J. / 
The dynamics of the eco-efficient economy : environmental regulation and competitive advantage / 
Dimensions of competitiveness : issues and policies / 
The economic structure of the law / 
The imprisoned guest : Samuel Howe and Laura Bridgman, the original deaf-blind girl / 
Foreign in a domestic sense : Puerto Rico, American expansion, and the Constitution / 
Economic efficiency in law and economics / 
Finance, governance and economic performance in Pacific and South East Asia / 
Mimbres mythology : tales from the painted clay / 
Classical Greek civilization, 800-323 B.C.E. / 
Galveston : lore, legend, and downright lies / 
Véro and Philippe / 
Do the hokey pokey / 
Rivka's way / 
Metaphor in American Sign Language / 
The grooves of change : Eastern Europe at the turn of the millennium / 
Reminiscences of Levi Coffin, the reputed president of the Underground Railroad / 
Four seasons with the bread machine baker / 
TSCA CFRs made easy / 
Bistros of Paris / 
Advanced pulverized coal injection technology and blast furnace operation / 
Electrochemical reactions and mechanisms in organic chemistry / 
Equations of state for fluids and fluid mixtures / 
Consider a cylindrical cow : more adventures in environmental problem solving / 
Medical ethics in the ancient world / 
Love's death / 
Houston : city in motion / 
Archaeological studies of gender in the southeastern United States / 
Army regulars on the western frontier, 1848-1861 / 
A new world : the history of immigration into the United States / 
A few months to live : different paths to life's end / 
The politics of breast cancer / 
Downtowns : revitalizing the centers of small urban communities / 
China urban : ethnographies of contemporary culture / 
The art of teaching the Bible : a practical guide for adults / 
The growth of service industries : the paradox of exploding costs and persistent demand / 
Caught between the dog and the fireplug, or, How to survive public service / 
Improving governance : a new logic for empirical research / 
Beyond cloning : religion and the remaking of humanity / 
Talking shop : authentic conversation and teacher learning / 
Quantum theory, deformation, and integrability / 
Marine science on file / 
Transportation of hazardous materials : a practical guide to compliance / 
Strange fruit : the biography of a song / 
Cackle Cook's monster stew / 
A narrative of events since the first of August, 1834 / 
A psychological approach to ethical reality / 
A treatise on poetry / 
Global marketing : a market-responsive approach / 
Prayer has spoiled everything : possession, power, and identity in an Islamic town of Niger / 
Anorexia / 
Legal research via the Internet / 
Toxic faith : experiencing healing from painful spiritual abuse / 
Second Peter & Jude / 
Live long and die laughing / 
Fireside stories of faith, family, and friendship / 
Crime and the American dream / 
The best business stories of the year : 2001 edition / 
The Hauerwas reader / 
Cat in a leopard spot : a Midnight Louie mystery / 
Is the Holocaust unique? : perspectives on comparative genocide / 
Living fearlessly : telling the truth, facing your fears, finding His peace / 
If you want to walk on water, you've got to get out of the boat / 
The Christian travelers guide to France / 
Boundless love : devotions to celebrate God's love for you / 
Hosea, Amos, Micah : the NIV application commentary from biblical text--to contemporary life / 
Make your own teddy bears & bear clothes! / 
Live God loud / 
Sydney won't swim / 
Islamic art and literature / 
Into the shadows : radical vigilantes in Khatami's Iran / 
No swimming on Sunday : stories of a lifetime in church / 
Of children : an introduction to child and adolescent development / 
Three wings for the Red Baron : Von Richthofen, strategy, tactics, and airplanes / 
Inside Nürnberg : military justice for Nazi war criminals / 
Richard Wright's travel writings : new reflections / 
Mississippi liberal : a biography of Frank E. Smith / 
Blues mandolin man : the life and music of Yank Rachell / 
The press and race : Mississippi journalists confront the movement / 
Dictionary of colloid and interface science / 
Personal relationships : implications for clinical and community psychology / 
Computational dynamics / 
Spirit body healing : using your mind's eye to unlock the medicine within / 
Commodity market reforms : lessons of two decades / 
Secret harvest : a novel / 
Wooden boats : in pursuit of the perfect craft at an American boatyard / 
My brother's ghost / 
The Florabama Ladies' Auxiliary & Sewing Circle / 
Married for better, not worse : the fourteen secrets to a happy marriage / 
ESO : how you and your lover can give each other hours of extended sexual orgasm / 
Flesh and blood : erotic tales of crime and passion / 
Extreme management : what they teach at Harvard Business School's Advanced Management Program / 
If not now, when? : reclaiming ourselves at midlife / 
The ill-made mute / 
Golfing : a duffer's dictionary / 
Ice sheets and Late Quaternary environmental change / 
Behavioral finance / 
CDMA : access and switching : for terrestrial and satellite networks / 
Structural design for fire safety / 
Model validation : perspectives in hydrological science / 
The molecular basis of skeletogenesis / 
Principles and practice of clinical parasitology / 
A vision for the future : in conversation with financial strategists / 
River of sorrows / 
Java collections : an introduction to abstract data types, data structures, and algorithms / 
Agent technology for communication infrastructures / 
Physics of ionized gases / 
The nitro group in organic synthesis / 
Introduction to diffraction in materials, science, and engineering / 
Write the perfect book proposal : 10 that sold and why / 
The power : 11 ways women gain unhealthy weight and how you can take charge of them / 
WAP servlets : professional developer's guide / 
Wireless Internet enterprise applications : a Wiley tech brief / 
Palm enterprise applications applications : a Wiley tech brief / 
Daring missions of World War II / 
The universal history of computing : from the abacus to the quantum computer / 
Computational collective intelligence / 
The amateur astronomer / 
Building type basics for research laboratories / 
The Russian way of war : operational art, 1904-1940 / 
The phantom cat of the opera / 
Pure immanence : essays on a life / 
We signed away our lives : how one family gave everything for the Gospel / 
Circles of blessing / 
The picture of Dorian Gray / 
The Psalms : a commentary / 
Stepping-stones : a garden path / 
Inelastic analysis of structures under variable loads : theory and engineering applications / 
Nonlinear assignment problems : algorithms and applications / 
Knowledge discovery and data mining : the info-fuzzy network (IFN) methodology / 
International banking regulation : law, policy, and practice / 
Love to mamá : a tribute to mothers / 
Clinical neuroanatomy for medical students / 
Essays on the sublime : analyses of French writings on the sublime from Boileau to La Harpe / 
"A hard saying" : the Gospel and culture / 
Prerational intelligence : adaptive behavior and intelligent systems without symbols and logic / 
Surgery : scientific principles and practice / 
Ethics at work / 
Governance in modern society : effects, change and formation of government institutions / 
The idealist illusion and other essays / 
Side bias : a neuropsychological perspective / 
The soft budget constraint : the emergence, persistence, and logic of an institution / 
Best books for your Bible study library / 
Beyond nationalism? : sovereignty and citizenship / 
The new nature of maps : essays in the history of cartography / 
Workplace plus, living and working in English 1 / 
The eurogang paradox : street gangs and youth groups in the U.S. and Europe / 
Time and the metaphysics of relativity / 
Temperate fruit crops in warm climates / 
Teaching for effective learning in higher education / 
Education for mathematics in the workplace / 
Geometry of pseudo-Finsler submanifolds / 
Identities of Christian traditions : an alternative for essentialism / 
Zora Hurston y el arbol sonador / 
Are you a bee? / 
Are you a dragonfly? / 
First number book / 
Raising a child with autism : a guide to applied behavior analysis for parents / 
Existe la reencarnación? / 
Silver's spells for love / 
St. Thérèse of Lisieux : a transformation in Christ / 
The philosophy of Aikido / 
Customer once, client forever : 12 tools for building lifetime business relationships / 
A time for choosing : the rise of modern American conservatism / 
Debating the past : music, memory, and identity in the Andes / 
Happy birthday, Kit! : a springtime story, 1934 / 
Cleaning up in your service business / 
River stories : growing up on the Wisconsin : stories about Dace Chamberlain / 
For the love of the binding : studies in bookbinding history presented to Mirjam Foot / 
Homilies for the major feasts, Christmas, Easter, weddings, and funerals / 
A family-focused approach to serious mental illness : empirically supported interventions / 
Mastering written English : the comp-lab exercises / 
The contemporary writer / 
The exact location of the soul : new and selected essays / 
The lecturer's tale / 
Farewell, summer / 
Strategic management : cases / 
Studying health and disease / 
Facing the facts / 
Introduction to the Old Testament : a liberation perspective / 
The Sepulchrum Domini through the ages : its form and function / 
Readings in macroeconomics / 
A dream unfinished : theological reflections on America from the margins / 
The global third way debate / 
Black Knights : the story of the Tuskegee airmen / 
The ultimate selling guide / 
Feather and fur! : what makes cats purr? / 
Explore and discover mammals / 
Core python programming / 
Bluetooth : connect without cables / 
The complete guide to client/server computing / 
Strategic management : concepts & cases / 
Computer confluence : exploring tomorrow's technology. Business edition / 
The paralegal's guide to family law and practice / 
The happiest days / 
Collecting spatial data : optimum design of experiments for random fields / 
Mars : the mystery unfolds / 
Saving lives : poems / 
A social history of wet nursing in America : from breast to bottle / 
The invention of secrecy / 
Animal tracks and signs / 
The hand guide to the birds of New Zealand / 
Culture, landscape, and the environment / 
Managing quality : an integrative approach / 
Kleinians : psychoanalysis inside out / 
Essential design for Web professionals / 
Paper shadows : memoir of a past lost and found / 
Cognition : the thinking animal / 
Honeymoon in purdah : an Iranian journey / 
ʻUmar ibn al-Fāriḍ : 
Principles of sedimentology and stratigraphy / 
Internet telephony : call processing protocols / 
The spiritual path of Caryll Houselander / 
Protein-protein recognition / 
Integrated cancer care : holistic, complementary, and creative approches / 
Technology and the rest of culture / 
SAP hardware solutions : servers, storage, and networks for mySAP.com / 
Geomodeling / 
Debbie Travis' painted house living & dining rooms : 60 stylish projects to transform your home / 
Sound and light / 
Print culture and music in sixteenth-century Venice / 
Bidding and estimating procedures for construction / 
Financial structure and stability / 
Social security and solidarity in the European Union : facts, evaluations, and perspectives / 
Inequality and poverty in China in the age of globalization / 
Human geography : issues for the 21st century / 
Changing education : a sociology of education since 1944 / 
Accelerating customer relationships : using CRM and relationship technologies / 
Readings in microeconomics / 
Not quite Scaramouche / 
Smart business for contractors : a guide to money and the law / 
The China threat : how the People's Republic targets America / 
Evolution and the problem of natural evil / 
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire / 
Merely magic / 
The vision is fulfilled / 
Dangerous diversions / 
Marigold / 
Shakespeare's trollop / 
The squire's tale / 
The stranger beside me / 
Service of all the dead / 
Teen fathers today / 
Sickle cell disease / 
The belly gunner / 
Assault from the sky : airborne infantry of World War II / 
A Gāndhārī version of the Rhinoceros Sūtra : British Library Kharoṣṭhī fragment 5B / 
A year in Lapland : guest of the reindeer herders / 
Land in the American West : private claims and the common good / 
The wooden sea / 
Fundamentals of health at work : the social dimensions / 
9226 Kercheval : the storefront that did not burn / 
Soul barnacles : ten more years with Ray / 
War in a changing world / 
Against amnesia : contemporary women writers and the crises of historical memory / 
The Trotula : a medieval compendium of women's medicine / 
Harlem in Montmartre : a Paris jazz story between the great wars / 
Gender in Amazonia and Melanesia : an exploration of the comparative method / 
The queen's mirror : fairy tales by German women, 1780-1900 / 
Hallelujah lads & lasses : remaking the Salvation Army in America, 1880-1930 / 
Faulkner's county : the historical roots of Yoknapatawpha / 
Grandparents song / 
The two princesses of Bamarre / 
Big Jimmy's Kum Kau Chinese take out / 
Cobweb Christmas / 
This book is haunted / 
Russell and Elisa / 
Rip-roaring Russell / 
Nora and Mrs. Mind-Your-Own-Business / 
Amelia Bedelia 4 mayor / 
The natural west : environmental history in the Great Plains and Rocky Mountains / 
Barker's grub : easy, wholesome home cooking for your dog / 
A dangerous silence / 
No-brainer's guide to the Bible / 
The promise : a novel / 
Libby's story / 
The October War : a retrospective / 
Archaeological perspectives on the American Civil War / 
A history of navigation on Cypress bayou and the lakes / 
Risky behavior among youths : an economic analysis / 
Pullman porters and the rise of protest politics in Black America, 1925-1945 / 
Unwelcome Americans : living on the margin in early New England / 
Consuming grief : compassionate cannibalism in an Amazonian society / 
Reel knockouts : violent women in the movies / 
A century of Philadelphia sports / 
Honeymoon and other stories / 
Life's matrix : a biography of water / 
Pioneers, peddlers & tsadikim : the story of Jews in Colorado / 
Institutions and investments : foreign direct investment in China during an era of reforms / 
Seeking passage ; post-structuralism, pedagogy, ethics / 
Building the global fiber optics superhighway / 
Neighborhood self-management : experiments in civil society / 
Cultures, communities, competence, and change / 
Getting started in entrepreneurship / 
Polymers from the inside out : an introduction to macromolecules / 
Essentials of MMPI-2 assessment / 
Cost accounting : a comprehensive guide / 
The EVA challenge : implementing value-added change in an organization / 
Delivering Internet connections over cable : breaking the access barrier / 
Crazy Jack / 
A Texas sky / 
Gathering blue / 
Brian's return / 
A game of chance / 
Meely LaBauve / 
The special prisoner / 
True justice / 
The savage damsel and the dwarf / 
The squire, his knight & his lady / 
Traveling Route 66 / 
Up for grabs : a trip through time and space in the Sunshine State / 
Trainers guide : Enhancing the lives of adults with disabilities / 
Quetzalcoatl and the irony of empire : myths and prophecies in the Aztec tradition / 
The search for life in the universe / 
Topics in empirical international economics : a festschrift in honor of Robert E. Lipsey / 
Machiavelli's new modes and orders : a study of the Discourses on Livy / 
Shamanism / 
Tyranny of reason : the origins and consequences of the social scientific outlook / 
De vuelta a casa / 
The Cassandra Complex / 
The crown of silence / 
Falling stars / 
Jupiter / 
Approaches to teaching Woolf's To the lighthouse / 
Jonas Salk : polio pioneer / 
Indoor air quality handbook / 
C.H. Guenther & Son at 150 years : the legacy of a Texas milling pioneer / 
Anatomy of the moving body : a basic course in bones, muscles, and joints / 
Color for the decorative painter / 
Buried alive : the terrifying history of our most primal fear / 
Earth : portrait of a planet / 
Civil War Navies, 1855-1883 / 
Fact and value : essays on ethics and metaphysics for Judith Jarvis Thomson / 
Infinity and perspective / 
The nature of truth : classic and contemporary perspectives / 
Urban transportation planning : a decision-oriented approach / 
Fundamentals of aerodynamics / 
Psychology : frontiers and applications / 
Methods of theoretical psychology / 
The intact and sliced brain / 
Technologies of power : essays in honor of Thomas Parke Hughes and Agatha Chipley Hughes / 
Pediatric nurse practitioner certification review / 
Questions & answers in magnetic resonance imaging / 
Thoracic imaging : case review / 
Hard times : an authoritative text, contexts, criticism / 
Esthetic dentistry : a clinical approach to techniques & materials / 
Geology underfoot in central Nevada / 
Selling to builders  / 
The Easter story : from the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John / 
Chevy & GMC truck performance handbook / 
Mustang, 1964 1/2-1973 / 
I am not going to school today / 
The question of meter in biblical Hebrew poetry / 
Living the life God has planned : a guide to knowing God's will / 
The Norton anthology of theory and criticism / 
Painted chairs : 25 fresh and fun projects / 
Creating with paint : new ways, new materials / 
Jack Ruby's kitchen sink : offbeat travels through America's Southwest / 
Simple elegance : furnishing with fabric / 
The Egyptian box / 
Rubber stamp extravaganza/ 
Clinical manual of urology / 
Counting my blessings : toddler prayers / 
The Six Sigma handbook : a complete guide for greenbelts, blackbelts, and managers at all levels / 
Flight research : problems encountered and what they should teach us / 
Coccidia (Apicomplexa:Eimeriidae) of the mammalian order Insectivora / 
Fighting techniques of a US Marine, 1941-1945 : training, techniques, and weapons / 
Dead north : an Alaska mystery / 
Economics of development / 
Psychological research : the ideas behind the methods / 
Michel Foucault and the freedom of thought / 
Liszt the progressive / 
Canadian Anglicanism at the dawn of a new century / 
The life of Karl Anton (1867-1956) / 
Anglo-Saxon remedies, charms, and prayers from British Library Ms Harley 585 : the Lacnunga / 
From Hagedorn to Süskind : essays on German literature / 
History and autobiography in contemporary Spanish women's testimonial writings / 
Handbook of geriatric care management / 
The Four agreements companion book : using the four agreements to master the dream of your life / 
101 ways to improve your pharmacy worklife / 
The law of lawyering / 
Systems engineering principles and practice / 
Strategies for success in the new telecommunications marketplace / 
How to run successful projects in Web time / 
EW 101 : a first course in electronic warfare / 
The automated law firm : a complete guide to software and systems / 
Secure messaging with PGP and S/MIME / 
Nocturnes : on listening to dreams / 
Advanced topics in microelectronics and system design / 
Nineteenth century Southern political leaders [microform] / 
The ophthalmology examinations review / 
A clinical approach to medicine / 
Aliens, ghosts, and cults : legends we live / 
Your brain is a muscle too : how student athletes succeed in college and in life / 
The certified quality manager handbook / 
The handbook of applied acceptance sampling : plans, principles, and procedures / 
How I find her : a mother's dying and a daughter's life / 
Paralegal litigation : forms and procedures / 
Object modeling and user interface design / 
Discovering Indiana / 
First landing / 
The United States intervention in North Russia, 1918, 1919 : the Polar Bear odyssey / 
Zambia and the decline of Kaunda, 1984-1998 / 
Poor George / 
Trekking / 
Sea kayaking / 
Mountain biking / 
Compass card : one hundred villanelles / 
Ego's eye and other poems / 
Lost children : poems / 
Everything is its opposite and other poems / 
Childhood psychotherapy : a bioenergetic approach / 
Transforming higher education : a comparative study / 
OSHA compliance management : a guide for long-term health care facilities / 
An introduction to human disease : pathology and pathophysiology correlations  / 
Agricultural science policy : changing global agendas / 
Education and the Industrial Revolution / 
Silly & sillier : read aloud tales from around the world / 
Cash rules : learn & manage the 7 cash-flow drivers for your company's success / 
Coaching youth soccer / 
Trace elements in soil : bioavailability, flux, and transfer / 
What's cooking in children's literature / 
Electricity and magnets / 
Power of the midheaven : the astrology of self realization / 
Contact the other side : 7 methods for afterlife communication / 
Bud, blossom & leaf : the magical herb gardener's handbook / 
Gastrointestinal functions / 
Applied therapeutics : the clinical use of drugs / 
Advances in crystal growth inhibition technologies / 
Microsurgery / 
Product design for modularity / 
HIV & HTLV-I associated malignancies / 
Lippincott's cancer chemotherapy handbook / 
Pediatric primary care : well-child care / 
Spirituality and art therapy : living the connection / 
The Orvis pocket guide to fly fishing for bonefish and permit / 
Copyright for schools : a practical guide / 
From the mouths of babes : the criminal trial of a Sunday school teacher / 
The new covenant ministry of the Holy Spirit / 
At the side of torture survivors : treating a terrible assault on human dignity / 
High performance : the culture and technology of drag racing, 1950-2000 / 
Cases & problems in criminal procedure : the police / 
Cases & problems in criminal procedure : the courtroom / 
Rheumatoid arthritis / 
Information-based manufacturing : technology, strategy, and industrial applications / 
Claws, coats, and camouflage : the ways animals fit into their world / 
It's fall! / 
How to design programs : an introduction to programming and computing / 
Profiting in bull or bear markets / 
Called to greatness : becoming a lifeline for those who need hope / 
Complex demonstratives : a quantificational account / 
A publication history of the rival transcriptions of Montaigne's Essays / 
Post colonial stories by Roger Dorsinville : In the shadow of Conrad's Marlow / 
Miracle stories in the biblical book Acts of the Apostles / 
Modern art and America : Alfred Stieglitz and his New York galleries / 
Social representations : explorations in social psychology / 
Gas stations coast to coast / 
The siege of Thebes / 
Willmaker8 : users' manual / 
The shattered self : the end of natural evolution / 
The big book of dates / 
The contented little baby book : the simple secrets of calm, confident parenting / 
We the people : an introduction to American politics / 
The old man and the flea / 
Buckingham Palace & the crown jewels : travels in England / 
Heart : stories of learning to love again / 
Porsche 911 / 
The bronze horseman : a novel / 
Storybook parties : 45 parties based on children's favorite stories / 
Fabrication : essays on making things and making meaning / 
Toasts for every occasion / 
Gods, heroes, and men of ancient Greece / 
The sailing navy, 1775-1854 / 
Vestiges of war : the Philippine-American War and the aftermath of an imperial dream, 1899-1999 / 
Think like a trader, invest like a pro / 
Ford farm tractors of the 1950s / 
Matthew Calbraith Perry : antebellum sailor and diplomat / 
Healing grief : reclaiming life after any loss / 
Alzheimer's disease : a compendium of current theories / 
Book repair : a how-to-do-it manual / 
Minnesota place names : a geographical encyclopedia / 
Benjamin Banneker : mathematician and stargazer / 
Collecting stock car racing memorabilia / 
By the sea / 
Crossroads : art and religion in American life / 
Cure : stories of healing mind and body / 
A history of information storage and retrieval / 
Flying tigers over Cambodia : an American pilot's memoir of the 1975 Phnom Penh airlift / 
Boeing 747 classic / 
The blue bedspread : a novel / 
Six figures / 
Two moons : a novel / 
Rails under my back : a novel / 
Scandalmonger : a novel / 
Knick knack paddy whack : a novel / 
Hugs for grads : stories, sayings, and scriptures to encourage and inspire the [heart] / 
Third grade stinks! / 
Don't bug me! / 
John & Abigail Adams : an American love story / 
Geographical data acquisition / 
Lysistrata / 
I love you because you're you / 
Camera basics : 
Building high-performance teams / 
Life, the science of biology / 
Knowledge management : best practices in Europe / 
Historical dictionary of the Holiness movement / 
Passing the word : writers on their mentors / 
Unguarded : my forty years surviving in the NBA / 
Bone cancer therapy / 
Coco makes music / 
Coco's surprise / 
Coco the koala / 
Essex conversations : visions for lifespan religious ecducation / 
An hour before daylight : memories of a rural boyhood / 
On the study of Greek poetry / 
Emanuel Swedenborg : essays for the new century edition on his life, work, and impact / 
Birth of the cool : beat, bebop, and the American avant-garde / 
Scribe of heaven : Swedenborg's life, work, and impact  / 
Women's soccer : techniques, tactics & teamwork / 
Woodcarver's problem solver : tricks, tips & shortcuts / 
Constructing bathrooms / 
Constructing kitchens / 
Little giant encyclopedia of Mensa mind teasers / 
Whodunit math puzzles / 
Zany rainy days : indoor ideas for active kids / 
Beading for the first time / 
The beaded object : making gorgeous flowers & other decorative accents / 
Tattered treasures : stylish decor with flea market finds / 
Bowling for beginners : simple steps to strikes & spares / 
The making of the European Union : contributions of the social sciences / 
Unemployment in open economies : a search theoretic analysis / 
Purinergic and pyrimidinergic signalling / 
Mathematical models and methods for ab initio quantum chemistry / 
Carbon nanotubes : synthesis, structure, properties, and applications / 
Analysis and visualization tools for constraint programming : constraint debugging / 
Weaving China's past : the Amy S. Clague collection of Chinese textiles / 
Syndromes of the head and neck / 
Logique et métaphysique dans l'Organon d'Aristote : actes du colloque de Dijon / 
L'homme et son langage / 
Take back the Word : a queer reading of the Bible / 
Women & Christianity / 
Keiretzu economy, new economy? : Japan's multinational enterprises from a postmodern perspective / 
The making and breaking of the Soviet system : an interpretation / 
Northern Ireland : the politics of war and peace / 
Strategic planning for the family business : parallel planning to unify the family and business / 
Winging it : meditations of a young adult / 
Caribbean barrier : U.S. Atlantic command support of counterdrug operations, 1989-1997 / 
Neuroanatomical basis of clinical neurology / 
Globalization and European welfare states : challenges and change / 
The fairest fowl : portraits of championship chickens / 
Epitope mapping : a practical approach / 
Protein purification applications : a practical approach / 
Los truenos no me asustan! / 
Voting / 
Fun and games : things to make and do / 
Thomas Hardy : the novels / 
Public policy under Blair / 
Physics / 
The real-for-sure story of Raggedy Ann / 
Personal computer hardware and troubleshooting / 
Miller/Hull : architects of the Pacific Northwest / 
Semiotics, marketing, and communication : beneath the signs, the strategies / 
Approaches to understanding visual culture / 
Gifted tongues : high school debate and adolescent culture / 
Learning and expectations in macroeconomics / 
Men in wonderland : the lost girlhood of the Victorian gentleman / 
Goodness & advice / 
The monochrome society / 
With listening hearts : understanding the voices of lesbian and gay Catholics / 
La chaîne sur l'Exode / 
Applied hydrogeology / 
Capitalism and social progress : the future of society in a global economy / 
Marketing and the internet / 
Africa's challenge to international relations theory / 
Mental health policy in Britain / 
Social care and social exclusion : a comparative study of older people's care in Europe / 
Rewriting history in soviet Russia : the politics of revisionist historiography, 1956-1974 / 
Marlowe : the plays / 
Keats, Hunt, and the aesthetics of pleasure / 
Warfare in the nineteenth century / 
From Versailles to Pearl Harbor : the origins of the Second World War in Europe and Asia  / 
An introduction to eighteenth-century fiction : raising the novel / 
On being 100 : 31 centenarians share their extraordinary lives and wisdom / 
Children in society : contemporary theory, policy, and practice / 
Knowledge and liberation in classical Indian thought / 
International business partnership : issues and concerns / 
Philip II / 
Felicia Hemans : reimagining poetry in the nineteenth century / 
Feminism and emotion : readings in moral and political philosophy / 
Diplomatic theory from Machiavelli to Kissinger / 
The Northern Ireland peace process : ending the troubles? / 
Ruskin and modernism / 
Sociology of education today / 
The soldier and the state in South America : essays in civil-military relations / 
The colour of disease : syphilis and racism in South Africa, 1880-1950 / 
Making local governance work : networks, relationships, and the management of change / 
Protein purification techniques : a practical approach / 
Becoming a critical thinker : a user friendly manual / 
Program generators with XML and Java / 
Issues in oceanography / 
Integrated operations management : adding value for customers / 
Illustrated principles of exercise physiology / 
Cognitive dimensions of social science / 
In the houses of the Holy : Led Zeppelin and the power of rock music / 
Into the green : a reconnaissance by fire / 
Nursing as caring : a model for transforming practice / 
The shine man : a Christmas story / 
The 1800s / 
Readings on Oliver Twist / 
Gravity's angels / 
The tale of the allergist's wife, and other plays / 
Johan Padan and the discovery of the Americas / 
The princess and the pea / 
Von : the life and films of Erich von Stroheim / 
Muddy coast dynamics and resource management / 
Kitchens / 
Bummer & Lazarus : San Francisco's famous dogs / 
Illustrating evolutionary computation with Mathematica / 
Enabling communication in children with autism / 
Nonverbal learning disabilities at home : a parent's guide / 
Bach flower remedies for beginners : 38 essences that heal from deep within / 
Faith, reason, and political life today / 
Living peace : a spirituality of contemplation and action / 
Expository discourse : a genre-based approach to social science research texts / 
The lotus and the stars : the way of astro-yoga / 
Bats that eat fruit / 
Oprah Winfrey : entertainer, producer, and businesswoman / 
Solitary raven : the selected writings of Bill Reid / 
The wreck of the Sv. Nikolai / 
World of sociology / 
Colin Powell : U.S. general and Secretary of State / 
Psychological biblical criticism / 
Encyclopedia of nationalism / 
Scientific irrationalism : origins of a postmodern cult / 
German studies in the post-Holocaust age : the politics of memory, identity, and ethnicity / 
The large penguins / 
Good times at Green Lake : recipes for Washington's favorite park / 
Inspecting a house / 
Building the Cold War : Hilton International hotels and modern architecture / 
Out of the closet, into our hearts : celebrating our gay family members / 
International police cooperation : a world perspective / 
Stop the violence! : educating ourselves to protect our youth / 
International taxation of electronic commerce / 
Chakras para principiantes : una guía para equilibrar la energía de sus chakras / 
Kindness : a treasury of Buddhist wisdom for children and parents / 
A personal devil / 
Those famous fairy tales, what really happened? / 
Late mowing : poems and essays / 
A line in the sand : the Alamo in blood and memory / 
British rhetoricians and logicians, 1500-1660. First series / 
A farm under poplars : poems / 
Pesticide regulation deskbook / 
Satchel Sez : the wit, wisdom, and world of Leroy "Satchel" Paige / 
Statistical thinking : improving business performance / 
Cracking the genome : inside the race to unlock human DNA / 
Kid's spaces / 
Digital TV over broadband : harvesting bandwidth / 
Against normalization : writing radical democracy in South Africa / 
Paper bullets : a fictional autobiography / 
Spooky campfire stories / 
Funny trail tales / 
Appaloosa zebra : a horse lover's alphabet / 
Amber was brave, Essie was smart : 
The class artist / 
The stable rat, and other Christmas poems / 
Inspired by nature / 
American short-story writers since World War II. Third series / 
When this cruel war is over / 
Red mesa / 
American West : twenty new stories / 
Conspiracy.com / 
The fifth horseman : a novel of biological disaster / 
Red moon / 
The sweet trade / 
Combat / 
Proof positive / 
Song of the axe / 
Domain / 
The fury and the terror / 
Hunger / 
Badger boy / 
The long journey home / 
Krondor : tear of the gods / 
Time at Emar : the cultic calendar and the rituals from the diviner's archive / 
Black roots : a beginner's guide to tracing the African American family tree / 
Irish love : a Nuala Anne McGrail novel / 
The ballad of Pinewood Lake / 
Franklin Delano Roosevelt : U.S. president / 
Principles of food science / 
Offray treasures for baby : exquisite nursery decorations and handmade ribbon keepsakes / 
The intrigue of ethics : a reading of the idea of discourse in the thought of Emmanuel Lévinas / 
Reconceiving Black adolescent childbearing / 
Power and persuasion : ideology and rhetoric in communist Yugoslavia, 1944-1953 / 
Western public lands and environmental politics / 
The fields of Athenry : a journey through Irish history / 
Educational computing : learning with tomorrow's technologies / 
Write or be written : early modern women poets and cultural constraints / 
The all-in-one guide to ADD & hyperactivity / 
The photographer's assistant / 
The AACRAO guide to staging a graduation ceremony / 
Landscape design : a cultural and architectural history / 
The osteoporosis remedy : designing a personal prevention program / 
Knowledge discovery for business information systems / 
Next generation wireless networks / 
Evolving concepts in sepsis and septic shock / 
Waiting to inhale : the politics of medical marijuana / 
Clerical errors : a novel / 
Little Mouse, Biddle mouse / 
The selected poetry of Robinson Jeffers / 
Bare bones children's services : tips for public library generalists / 
Forgiveness is a choice : a step-by-step process for resolving anger and restoring hope / 
The house in the high wood : a story of Old Talbotshire / 
The return of epidemics : health and society in Peru during the twentieth century / 
My first picture book about God / 
Wood structures : a global forum on the treatment, conservation, and repair of cultural heritage / 
The seven capital sins / 
The best mud pie / 
See the city / 
Landscaping with roses / 
Landscaping with perennials : flowering plants & shrubs for home gardens / 
Natural gardens  / 
Garden pools, fountains & watercourses : exciting new ideas for home water gardens / 
Far Appalachia : following the New River north / 
In search of a homeland : the story of The Aeneid / 
Spyhole secrets / 
High availability networking with Cisco / 
Kohn on music licensing / 
Differential geometry and symmetric spaces / 
Number theoretic density and logical limit laws / 
The Jini specifications / 
XSLT : working with XML and HTML / 
Tales of God : a treasury of great short stories for the Catholic family / 
Psychosocial interventions for cancer / 
B2B application integration : e-business--enable your enterprise / 
E-business 2.0 : roadmap for success / 
Guide to joining the military / 
Images of Africa : stereotypes & realities / 
Subsurface drainage for slope stabilization / 
Scope and standards of pediatric oncology nursing practice / 
Ad hoc networking / 
Ken Griffey, Jr. / 
Someone very special / 
Casebook for integrating family therapy : an ecosystemic approach / 
Could you ever become a Catholic? / 
The authoritative word : preaching truth in a skeptical age / 
Apatosaurus / 
e-Business readiness : a customer-focused framework / 
An illustrated guide to electrical safety / 
Who cares for planet Earth? : the CON in conservation / 
A house divided : bridging the generation gaps in your church / 
Surface engineering for corrosion and wear resistance / 
Criminology : explaining crime and its context / 
Killing Pablo : the hunt for the world's greatest outlaw / 
Winning ways for your mathematical plays / 
His hands, his tools, his sex, his dress : lesbian writers on their fathers / 
Controversies in white-collar crime / 
The curve shortening problem / 
The bombing of Hiroshima / 
The voice of Bugle Ann / 
Osteopathic medicine : philosophy, principles, and practice / 
Women's sexual health / 
Acupuncture : techniques for successful point selection / 
Intervale : new and selected poems / 
Radio, radio : poems / 
Falling from silence : poems / 
Jacques-Felix Lelievre's New Louisiana gardener / 
Race against time : culture and separation in Natchez since 1930 / 
SQ : connecting with our spiritual intelligence / 
Biomechanical systems : techniques and applications / 
Fuzzy learning and applications / 
The South Pole : an account of the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition in the Fram, 1910-1912 / 
Nonlinear analysis and its applications to differential equations / 
Hermann Weyl's Raum-Zeit-Materie and a general introduction to his scientific work / 
Genes and mechanisms in vertebrate sex determination / 
CRC materials science and engineering handbook / 
Handbook for critical cleaning / 
Oceanographic processes of coral reefs : physical and biological links in the Great Barrier Reef / 
Wind walker / 
Concepts and patterns of service in the later Middle Ages / 
Investing in IPOs : version 2.0 / 
The wisdom of the wise : the presence and function of Scripture within 1 Cor. 1:18-3:23 / 
The last man / 
Seduction by design / 
A dying art / 
Guilds and the parish community in late medieval East Anglia, c. 1470-1550 / 
Dress codes : meanings and messages in American culture / 
International accounting standards explained / 
Donaldson + Warn : crossing midfield / 
Parallel lines : printmakers, painters, and photographers in nineteenth-century France / 
Diabetes in the new millennium / 
Chemical process technology / 
International textbook of obesity / 
Failure analysis of paints and coatings / 
The forgotten soldier / 
Gangster / 
In a Brazilian village / 
Field manual for powerline workers / 
In an Indian village / 
Introducing Christian doctrine / 
African American female speech communities : varieties of talk / 
Knowing good schools : a guide to rating public high schools / 
Healing in community : medicine, contested terrains, and cultural encounters among the Tuareg / 
Biblical preaching : the development and delivery of expository messages / 
Mexican memoir : a personal account of anthropology and radical politics in Oaxaca / 
A-game golf : the complete starter kit for golfers from Tiger Woods' amateur instructor / 
Infinite desire : a guide to modern guilt / 
Playing like a girl : transforming our lives through team sports / 
Venus on the fairway : creating a swing--and a game--that works for women / 
The fighting nun : my story / 
Practical endocrinology and diabetes in children / 
Sweden / 
Poland / 
Watching the tree : a Chinese daughter reflects on happiness, tradition, and spiritual wisdom / 
The Jewish dialogue with Greece and Rome : studies in cultural and social interaction / 
From the corner of his eye / 
Scene of crime / 
In the forest of harm / 
The Little Ice Age : how climate made history, 1300-1850 / 
A faith for all seasons ; historic Christian belief in its classical expression / 
Special kids need special parents : a resource for parents of children with special needs / 
Labor unions, partisan coalitions and market reforms in Latin America / 
The greatest player who never lived : a golf story / 
Galois theories / 
Crustal heat flow : a guide to measurement and modelling / 
Crop responses to environment / 
Measurement of human locomotion / 
The avionics handbook / 
The finite element method in heat transfer and fluid dynamics / 
Air conditioning engineering / 
Northwest arid lands : an introduction to the Columbia Basin shrub-steppe / 
Transmission lines and wave propagation / 
Women's wicked wit : from Jane Austen to Roseanne Barr / 
Anonymous Rex : 
Thunderation! : folk play with song and dance = Alle Wetter! : Volksstück mit Gesang und Tanz / 
Women in ancient Rome / 
Women in medieval times / 
The presidents, first ladies, and vice presidents : White House biographies, 1789-2001 / 
David : a king under construction / 
Philo of Alexandria : an annotated bibliography, 1987-1996 : with addenda for 1937-1986 / 
Hans J. Morgenthau : an intellectual biography / 
The contemporary American short-story cycle : the ethnic resonance of genre / 
Wallace Stevens and the seasons / 
What if God were the sun : a novel / 
Searching for Paul : a novel / 
Real estate handbook : land laws of Alabama / 
Architectural guide Basel 1980-2000 : a guide through the trinational city / 
Plane networks and their applications / 
Oyster culture / 
The Orvis pocket guide to fly fishing for striped bass and bluefish / 
Air sampling and industrial hygiene engineering / 
Oxidants and antioxidants in cutaneous biology / 
Mahalia : a life in gospel music / 
Handbook of pragmatics. [1999 installment / 
Associated Press guide to photojournalism / 
Evolutionary computation : a unified approach / 
The NASDAQ investor / 
Legal forms for starting & running a small business / 
Naming New York : Manhattan places & how they got their names / 
Hood ornaments / 
Understanding race, class, gender, and sexuality : a conceptual framework / 
Essentials of corporate finance / 
Macmillan encyclopedia of weather / 
The molecular basis of dementia / 
Troubleshooting your Web page / 
Troubleshooting Microsoft Windows / 
All of me : a voluptuous tale / 
Efficient and accurate parallel genetic algorithms / 
Public decision-making processes and asymmetry of information / 
Computational subsurface hydrology : reactions, transport, and fate / 
Perceptual metrics for image database navigation / 
Principles of public policy practice / 
Functionally graded materials in the 21st century : a workshop on trends and forecasts / 
Handbook of environmentally conscious manufacturing / 
Suture self : a bed-and-breakfast mystery / 
Associated Press broadcast news handbook / 
Radical journalists, generalist intellectuals, and U.S.-Latin American relations / 
Keys to painting trees & foliage / 
The case of the red hot possum / 
The big bike mystery / 
Designing solutions with COM+ technologies / 
Troubleshooting Microsoft Access databases : covers Access 97 and Access 2000 / 
Troubleshooting Microsoft outlook / 
The Northern Cemetery of Cairo / 
From flea market to fabulous / 
The Master and the Devil : a study of Mikhail Bulgakov / 
Troubleshooting Microsoft Excel spreadsheets : covers Excel 97 and Excel 2000 / 
Simulations of machines using MATLAB and Simulink / 
A grammar of classical Arabic / 
Baggage check / 
Red Hat Linux 7 server / 
Trails of tears, paths of beauty / 
Scholars teaming to alleviate racism in society (STARS) / 
Novell's ZENworks for Desktops 3 administrator's handbook / 
Navigating the maze of nursing research : an interactive learning adventure / 
Troubleshooting your PC / 
Mountain bike! Florida : a guide to the classic trails / 
James Clarence Mangan, Edward Walsh, and nineteenth-century Irish literature in English / 
Dracula / 
Maggie, a girl of the streets, and other New York writings / 
The phenomenological argument for the existence of God / 
Risking the terror : resurrection in this life / 
Arroyo : a novel / 
One Bible only? : examining exclusive claims for the King James Bible / 
Written upon the heart : the Ten commandments for today's Christian / 
Calm in my chaos : encouragement for a mom's weary soul / 
Unmasking Satan : understanding Satan's battle plan and biblical strategies for fighting back / 
The lost religion of Jesus : simple living and nonviolence in early Christianity / 
Properties of complex inorganic solids 2 / 
Comics & ideology / 
Body composition assessment in children and adolescents / 
Nuclear oncology : diagnosis and therapy / 
The fortunes of the novel : a study in the transposition of a genre / 
British rule and rural protest in southern Ghana / 
Re/constructing elementary science / 
Clinical calculations made easy : solving problems using dimensional analysis / 
William Marshal, medieval England's greatest knight / 
Types of drama : plays and contexts / 
Puccini the thinker : the composer's intellectual and dramatic development / 
Science fiction curriculum, cyborg teachers, & youth culture(s) / 
A very present help in trouble : the autobiography of the fire-priest / 
The engineer in history / 
Assessment practice in student affairs : an applications manual / 
Over the walls of Wall Street with Mrs. O / 
Tale of the gator : the story of Craig Bodzianowski, the boxer who wouldn't stay down / 
Information organization and databases : foundations of data organization / 
Evaluation and decision models : a critical perspective / 
Delivering MPEG-4 based audio-visual services  / 
Intelligent strategies for meta multiple criteria decision making / 
Genetics of diabetes mellitus / 
Microsystem design / 
Characteristics and functions of direct quotes in Hispanic fiction : a linguistic analysis / 
Critical theory and the human condition : founders and praxis / 
China's anti-American boycott movement in 1905 : a study in urban protest / 
Performing identity/performing culture : hip hop as text, pedagogy, and lived practice / 
Complementary modes of representation in Keats, Novalis, and Shelley / 
Black family (dys)function in novels by Jessie Fauset, Nella Larsen, & Fannie Hurst / 
Critical politics of teachers' work : an Australian perspective / 
Kidworld : childhood studies, global perspectives, and education / 
Peripheral neuropathy : a practical approach to diagnosis and management / 
Passions of the earth in human existence, creativity, and literature / 
Navigational rights and freedoms, and the new law of the sea / 
The law of arbitration in Israel / 
Digital radio systems on a chip : a systems approach / 
Radiowave propagation and smart antennas for wireless communications / 
IS-LM and modern macroeconomics / 
Defects in SiO₂ and related dielectrics : science and technology / 
Isis magic : cultivating a relationship with the goddess of 10,000 names / 
Bernelly & Harriet : the country mouse and the city mouse / 
Believing it all : what my children taught me about trout fishing, jelly toast, and life / 
Catholic schools : private and social effects / 
Crisis, stabilization, and growth : economic adjustment in transition economies / 
Analysis of queueing networks with blocking / 
The heart of a child : what families need to know about heart disorders in children / 
Practical home care medicine : a natural approach / 
Graphs on surfaces / 
Aromaterapia esencial / 
Beginning research in the arts therapies : practical guide / 
Developing E-business systems & architectures : a manager's guide / 
Seven weeks for the soul : a reflective journey for Lent or other times of renewal / 
Song of the hammer and drill : the Colorado San Juans, 1860-1914 / 
Point of dreams / 
Winter's heart / 
The octagonal raven / 
Limit of vision / 
Borrowed tides / 
Bouncing off the moon / 
Return to the whorl / 
Solutions in philosophy, religious history, literature, and linguistics / 
Speak to the rock : the Azusa Street revival : its roots and its message / 
Before the masora / 
Shakespeare's secret schemers : the study of an early modern dramatic device / 
The staging of drama in the medieval church / 
Young Hickory : the making of Andrew Jackson / 
Behind enemy lines : Civil War spies, raiders, and guerrillas / 
The young eagle : the rise of Abraham Lincoln / 
A gardener's guide to Florida's native plants / 
D.H. Lawrence, desire, and narrative / 
Shakespeare and Italy : the city and the stage / 
In confidence : Moscow's ambassador to six Cold War Presidents / 
Performing the literary interview : how writers craft their public selves / 
A handbook on Deuteronomy / 
Those of my blood : constructing noble families in medieval Francia / 
"Marilyn, are you sure you can cook?" he asked : a memoir / 
Through the darkness / 
DoOon mode / 
The premillennial faith of James Brookes : reexamining the roots of American dispensationalism / 
Bioarchaeology of Spanish Florida : the impact of colonialism / 
Florida's fragile wildlife : conservation and management / 
Rhode Island politics and government / 
Solomon Maimon : an autobiography / 
Sacred narratives / 
The energy of nature / 
International taxation and multinational activity / 
White waters and black / 
Forget colonialism? : sacrifice and the art of memory in Madagascar / 
The underneath of things : violence, history, and the everyday in Sierra Leone / 
Here, our culture is hard : stories of  domestic violence from a Mayan community in Belize / 
A beauty that hurts : life and death in Guatemala / 
Rock of ages, sands of time / 
A survey of the history and mysteries of freemasonry / 
Night shield / 
Liberty and slavery : southern politics to 1860 / 
A darkness more than night : a novel / 
Tough trip through paradise, 1878-1879 / 
A passion for planning : financials, operations, marketing, management, and ethics / 
Developing teachers : fifth year programs for outstanding students / 
The philosophical significance of immortality in Thomas Aquinas / 
Freedom as motion / 
Set us free : what the church needs to know from survivors of abuse / 
Necessary factual truth / 
The publisher : Paul Block : a life of friendship, power, and politics / 
Women after communism : the East German experience / 
Big fish : a novel of mythic proportions / 
Not a day goes by / 
Principles of ear acupuncture : microsystem of the auricle / 
Color atlas of genetics / 
Minimally invasive abdominal surgery : laparoscopic and thoracic surgery / 
The fugitive's Gibraltar : escaping slaves and abolitionism in New Bedford, Massachusetts / 
The spirit of the garden / 
American foreign policy and the utopian imagination / 
American popular music : new approaches to the twentieth century / 
Pilaf, pozole, and pad thai : American women and ethnic food / 
Getting at the author : reimagining books and reading in the age of American realism / 
France and Algeria : a history of decolonization and transformation / 
Spiritual economies : female monasticism in later medieval England / 
'57, Chicago : a novel / 
The ivory leg in the ebony cabinet : madness, race, and gender in Victorian America / 
Ethnicities : children of immigrants in America / 
Under the medical gaze : facts and fictions of chronic pain / 
Women writing opera : creativity and controversy in the age of the French Revolution / 
The public city : the political construction of urban life in San Francisco, 1850-1900 / 
Shylock's children : economics and Jewish identity in modern Europe / 
The vacant throne : a tale of the Band of Four / 
Wizardborn / 
Seeking community in a global city : Guatemalans and Salvadorans in Los Angeles / 
Experientialist ethics : a comparative study / 
L'affaire Papin : stylisation du fait divers / 
Hiding in the shadows / 
Murder in the Lincoln bedroom : an Eleanor Roosevelt mystery / 
George Washington Carver : inventor and naturalist / 
When hope springs new / 
The vault / 
The hills of hope / 
Mysterious Monday / 
Jamesian centers of consciousness as readers and tellers of stories / 
Ethcaste : PanAfrican communalism and the Black middleclass / 
Deadly closets : the fiction of Charles Jackson / 
The LDS worldview : a new interpretation of Christianity / 
American legal and constitutional history : cases and materials / 
Art and culture in the eighteenth century : new dimensions and multiple perspectives / 
Envisioning the worst : representations of "Hottentots" in early-modern England / 
Mistress of Manifest Destiny : a biography of Jane McManus Storm Cazneau, 1807-1878 / 
Pasta! : authentic recipes from the regions of Italy / 
The babysitter survival kit : a guide for parents and sitters / 
Savoring Tuscany : recipes and reflections on Tuscan cooking / 
Complete grilling cookbook / 
La tarea de relatar = The task of telling : poems / 
Poppies : a guide to the poppy family in the wild and in cultivation / 
Outdoor projects : deck, lawn & garden / 
That others may live : the true story of the PJs, the real-life heroes of the Perfect storm / 
Taking Haiti : military occupation and the culture of U.S. imperialism, 1915-1940 / 
Gettysburg--the first day / 
Learning to win : sports, education, and social change in twentieth-century North Carolina / 
Night riders in Black folk history / 
The many legalities of early America / 
Torching the fink books and other essays on vernacular culture / 
Law and sexuality : the global arena / 
Human rights in Chinese foreign relations : defining and defending national interests / 
For the love of money / 
Sometimes I dream in Italian / 
Iron shoes / 
Out of the shadows / 
Martin Luther : the great reformer / 
The Amber Room / 
Web of intrigue / 
Business communication : building critical skills / 
Current issues in nursing / 
Recording a vanishing legacy : the historic American buildings survey in New Mexico, 1933-today / 
One bowl : a guide to eating for body and spirit / 
The complete arbitrage deskbook / 
Hey, that's not what the Bible says too! / 
Bruce & Stan's God said it-- and bang! it happened : 
Heal your heartbreak : how to live and love again / 
The best short stories of Fyodor Dostoevsky / 
Five quarters of the orange / 
The siege of Isfahan / 
Inventions of farewell : a book of elegies / 
Fury : a novel / 
W.R. Trivett, Appalachian pictureman : photographs of a bygone time / 
A Dictionary of quotations and proverbs about cats and dogs / 
The intimate Charlie Chaplin / 
Knowledge, possibility, and consciousness / 
Logic primer / 
The liberating power of symbols : philosophical essays / 
The postnational constellation : political essays / 
The digital divide : facing a crisis or creating a myth? / 
Global e-commerce strategies for small businesses / 
Materials matter : toward a sustainable materials policy / 
Supreme Court of the United States : a bibliography / 
Understanding flight / 
Flashing before my eyes : 50 years of headlines, datelines & punchlines / 
Benigna's Chimayó : cuentos from the old plaza / 
Flag lore of all nations / 
Handbook of small electric motors / 
The detective is dead / 
The beaten path : field notes on getting wise in a wisdom-crazy world / 
The letters of George Santayana / 
QSPR/QSAR studies by molecular descriptors / 
Killing sub-Saharan Africa with aid / 
VIP, PACAP, GLUCAGON, and related peptides : Fourth International Symposium / 
Childbirth and pain relief : an anesthesiologist explains your options / 
Water chemistry / 
Open channel hydraulics / 
Crystal lattice defects and dislocation dynamics / 
The song of Roland / 
Tess of the D'Urbervilles : a pure woman / 
Mars learning : the Marine Corps development of small wars doctrine, 1915-1940 / 
Killer pics : a collection of images from a pro-wrestling legend / 
Wannsee house and the Holocaust / 
Silent stars speak : interviews with twelve cinema pioneers / 
Writing the sacred into the real / 
Letters of direction : thoughts on the spiritual / 
The history of English in a social context : a contribution to historical sociolinguistics / 
Processes and paradigms in word-formation morphology / 
Analogy, levelling, markedness : principles of change in phonology and morphology / 
Textualization of oral epics / 
Modern applications to group work / 
Tales of Narcissus : the looking glass of economic science / 
Early implications of welfare reform in the Southeast / 
The woman who watches over the world : a native memoir / 
Racism : a bibliography with indexes / 
Symbolic calculus semilinear hyperbolic progressing waves / 
Ecologically sound integrated regional energy planning / 
Heart : a personal journey through its myths and meanings / 
Federal contracting made easy / 
How we heal : nutritional, emotional, and psychospiritual fundamentals / 
The dream of reason : a history of western philosophy from the Greeks to the Renaissance / 
Mapping the private geography : autobiography, identity, and America / 
Doctors in the movies : boil the water and just say Aah / 
Nine-story pagodas and double-decker buses : travels in Hong Kong / 
Greek art : from prehistoric to classical : a resource for educators / 
The God you can know / 
Teachers at the center : a memoir of the early years of the National Writing Project / 
The great psychotherapy debate : models, methods, and findings / 
1921 / 
Armed and dangerous : memoirs of a Chicago policewoman / 
Chemical pink / 
Breast cancer : diagnosis and management / 
Afro-Cuban jazz / 
Easy to remember : the great American songwriters and their songs / 
Biographical dictionary of American Indian history to 1900 / 
Renaissance in the classroom : arts integration and meaningful learning / 
Paddling northern California / 
Classic rock climbs, no. 28 : Red Rocks, Nevada / 
East & southern Africa : the backpacker's manual / 
The quest of the historical Jesus / 
Discerning Prometheus : the cry for wisdom in our technological society / 
Handbook of transport modelling / 
BKSTS illustrated dictionary of moving image technology / 
Topological algebras / 
Rock formations and unusual geologic structures : exploring the earth's surface / 
Plate tectonics : unraveling the mysteries of the earth / 
Tim Berners-Lee : inventor of the World Wide Web / 
Jane Goodall : animal behaviorist and writer / 
Rachel Carson : writer and biologist / 
The spike : how our lives are being transformed by rapidly advancing technologies / 
Laura Ingalls Wilder : teacher and writer / 
And sometimes why / 
Biographical dictionary of Hispanic Americans / 
Atlas of African-American history / 
Productions of the Irish theatre movement, 1899-1916 : a checklist / 
Don't count on Dracula / 
The Grove Press reader, 1951-2001 / 
Everyday people / 
Changes : a true story about Oscar Turtle and Amazon Red / 
Never leave me / 
A house for Mr. Biswas / 
A reader's guide to Raymond Chandler / 
Student companion to Mark Twain / 
Romantic days and nights in Santa Fe : romantic diversions in and around the city / 
Inside the privet hedge / 
Snow ghost / 
Close to a father's heart / 
The earl's wife / 
Into the blue / 
The way home / 
Cromwell, the Lord Protector / 
Understanding Jane Eyre : a student casebook to issues, sources, and historical documents / 
Imagining Africa : landscape in H. Rider Haggard's African romances / 
Student companion to Edgar Allan Poe / 
Guide to the cinema(s) of Canada / 
The Harlem group of Negro writers / 
Images at war : Mexico from Columbus to Blade Runner (1492-2019) / 
Income maintenance policy / 
Income distribution / 
Atlas of Hispanic-American history / 
Marketing masculinities : gender and management politics in marketing work / 
Academic staff in Europe : changing contexts and conditions / 
Innovation, economic progress and the quality of life / 
Privatisation and corporate performance / 
The choice modelling approach to environmental valuation / 
Religious fundamentalism in developing countries / 
Choice of law for American courts : a multilateralist method / 
New regional development paradigms / 
Diplomats without a country : Baltic diplomacy, international law, and the Cold War / 
International perspectives on homelessness / 
Petroleum geology of the South Caspian Basin / 
The world's great battleships : from the Middle Ages to the present / 
Prisoners of myth : the leadership of the Tennessee Valley Authority, 1933-1990 / 
How to enter China : choices and lessons / 
Along the ramparts of the Tetons : the saga of Jackson Hole, Wyoming / 
Sportsex / 
The ultimate personality guide / 
Path of life / 
What the Negro wants / 
The economics of welfare / 
Sun circles and human hands : the southeastern Indians art and industries / 
Hiking New Hampshire / 
Notary Public handbook : a guide for New York / 
Gangs / 
Imre Lakatos and the guises of reason / 
Take your partners : Orion, the consortium banks and the transformation of the Euromarkets / 
As time goes by : from the industrial revolutions to the information revolution / 
Phonological knowledge : conceptual and empirical issues / 
Sinitic grammar : synchronic and diachronic perspectives / 
Common ground : reimagining American history / 
Watch by moonlight : a novel / 
Adam Bede / 
Managing distributed applications : troubleshooting in a heterogeneous environment / 
A history of private law in Scotland / 
Human rights and legal history : essays in honour of Brian Simpson / 
The Japanese tax system / 
Free to succeed : designing the life you want in the new free agent economy / 
Weekend getaways in Mississippi / 
The warlord's beads / 
Apollonius Rhodius / 
The third option / 
Bad connection / 
The hunted / 
Station to station : the history of rock 'n' roll on television / 
The New Yorker book of literary cartoons / 
Tilting at windmills / 
Dr. Sanjiv Chopra's liver book : a comprehensive guide to diagnosis, treatment, and recovery / 
In fidelity : a novel / 
Silicon follies : a dot.comedy / 
Natural hormone balance for women : look younger, feel stronger, and live life with exuberance / 
Modern industrial electronics / 
Political and social issues in British women's fiction, 1928-1968 / 
Using Communication technology : creating knowledge organizations / 
The politics of Europe : monetary union and class / 
God / 
International business : European dimensions / 
Local governance in Britain / 
Implementing and auditing the internal control system / 
Taxes and business strategy : a planning approach / 
Approaching democracy / 
Resources of the earth : origin, use, and environmental impact / 
Decision modeling with Microsoft Excel / 
Rethinking the normative content of critical theory : Marx, Habermas, and beyond / 
Judicial independence and the rule of law in Hong Kong / 
It's great to be Catholic! / 
God made something out of nothing to do-- and so can you! / 
Brothers at war : making sense of the Eritrean-Ethiopian war / 
After the TRC : reflections on truth and reconciliation in South Africa / 
Disarming Iraq : monitoring power and resistance / 
Hitler's secret pirate fleet : the deadliest ships of World War II / 
Spiritual questions for the twenty-first century : essays in honor of Joan D. Chittister / 
A sky so close / 
Object-relational database development : a plumber's guide / 
Apache Web server administration & e-commerce handbook / 
Handbook of financial analysis, forecasting, and modeling / 
The Caspian pipeline dilemma : political games and economic losses / 
Women and men police officers : status, gender, and personality / 
Crumbling empire : the German defeat in the East, 1944 / 
Cicero on the ideal orator / 
Choosing mercy : a mother of murder victims pleads to end the death penalty / 
Hero of heroes : seeing Christ in the Beatitudes / 
What are they saying about the Pastoral epistles? / 
Whose America? : the war of 1898 and the battles to define the nation / 
The revolt of the primitive : an inquiry into the roots of political correctness / 
Evolutionary theory and ethnic conflict / 
The volatility machine : emerging economies and the threat of financial collapse / 
Tattooed bodies : subjectivity, textuality, ethics, and pleasure / 
The Violence against Women Act of 1994 : an analysis of intent and perception / 
100 decisive battles : from ancient times to the present / 
Adobe Illustrator 9 : advanced digital illustration / 
Buddhist learning and textual practice in eighteenth-century Lankan monastic culture / 
Sister crazy / 
Lying : man's second nature / 
The referendum : the people decide public policy / 
A companion to the United States Constitution and its amendments / 
The fratricidal global village : the theory of hypertrophic group formation / 
The paradox of empowerment : suspended power and the possibility of resistance / 
An introduction to igneous and metamorphic petrology / 
Contemporary engineering economics / 
Keys to engineering success / 
Business communication in context : principles and practice / 
Rethinking pastoralism in Africa : gender, culture & the myth of the patriarchal pastoralist / 
Roofing design and practice / 
Photographic guide to the butterflies of Britain and Europe / 
Real food for people with diabetes / 
External liberalization, economic performance, and social policy / 
A potful of recipes / 
The Bounty mutiny / 
The archaeology of Punic Malta / 
The art of modern conjuring : for wizards of all ages / 
The big book of blues : a biographical encyclopedia / 
Problem solving methods : understanding, description, development, and reuse / 
Comparative wood anatomy : systematic, ecological, and evolutionary aspects of dicotyledon wood / 
Chiral environmental pollutants : trace analysis and ecotoxicology / 
Pervasive computing handbook / 
Model identification and adaptive control : from windsurfing to telecommunications / 
Astronomy with small telescopes up to 5-inch, 125mm / 
Geometry and topology of configuration spaces / 
Issues in agent communication / 
Hegde's pocketGuide to treatment in speech-language pathology / 
Intraocular lenses in cataract and refractive surgery / 
Laboratory tests and diagnostic procedures / 
Canine and feline theriogenology / 
Until today! : daily devotions for spiritual growth and peace of mind / 
The third freedom : ending hunger in our time / 
Joe DiMaggio : the hero's life / 
Religious therapeutics : body and health in Yoga, Āyurveda, and Tantra / 
The theory of difference : readings in contemporary continental thought / 
The discourse of enclosure : representing women in Old English literature / 
Deracination : historicity, Hiroshima, and the tragic imperative / 
Auditory neuropathy : a new perspective on hearing disorders / 
Cancer and pregnancy / 
Textbook of bunion surgery / 
The poet / 
Weetamoo, heart of the Pocassets / 
Gnosticism and later platonism : themes, figures, and texts / 
The affectionate shepherd : celebrating Richard Barnfield / 
Black lace / 
Swedenborg's dream diary / 
International economics / 
Challenges to equality : poverty and race in America / 
Readings on the rhetoric of social protest / 
The angelus bell / 
Landlords' rights & duties in Florida : with forms / 
Screening for hearing loss and otitis media in children / 
Fundamentals of veterinary ophthalmology / 
Otologic surgery / 
Dancing in the empty spaces : meditations / 
Rock troubadours / 
Splendor in the ordinary : your home as a holy place / 
Development physiology of silkworms / 
Living in New England / 
Beyond love : will mankind be tough enough to survive the 21st century? / 
Translating Israel : contemporary Hebrew literature and its reception in America / 
Running with Pheidippides : Stylianos Kyriakides the miracle marathoner / 
Under the spell of Arabia / 
Irresistible dictation : Gertrude Stein and the correlations of writing and science / 
Servants of globalization : women, migration and domestic work / 
Gynecologic decision making / 
Nurses and the law : a guide to principles and applications / 
Atlas of canine and feline cytology / 
Medical insurance made easy : a worktext / 
Hypertensive disorders in women / 
Russia in space : the failed frontier? / 
Transmission electron microscopy and diffractometry of materials / 
Language constructs for describing features : proceedings of the FIREworks workshop / 
Personality and the soul : sixteen women show us the connection / 
Dog bites man, city shocked! : a novel / 
Deck the halls / 
Without vodka : adventures in wartime Russia / 
College accounting. Chapters 1-16 / 
Lick Creek : a novel / 
Deficits and desires : economics and sexuality in twentieth-century literature / 
Faux pas / 
The ambivalence of creation : debates concerning innovation and artifice in early China / 
Land of hope / 
Hairy Maclary, sit / 
After you / 
Hello / 
I'm sorry / 
Please / 
No, thank you / 
Thank you / 
Land of dreams / 
Gnostic return in modernity / 
Medieval formal logic : obligations, insolubles, and consequences / 
Central Europe towards monetary union : macroeconomic underpinnings and financial reputation / 
Theoretical methods in condensed phase chemistry / 
Inverse and crack identification problems in engineering mechanics / 
Network synthesis problems / 
Scaling up : the Institution of Chemical Engineers and the rise of a new profession / 
Sustainable solid waste management in the southern Black Sea region / 
The evolution of the Milky Way / 
Practical performance modeling : application of the MOSEL language / 
High-accuracy CMOS smart temperature sensors / 
World forests from deforestation to transition? / 
The mesoscopic theory of polymer dynamics / 
Organizations and strategies in astronomy / 
Preventive medicine between obligation and aspiration / 
Mountain geoecology and sustainable development of the Tibetan Plateau / 
The eastern enlargement of the EU / 
Electromagnetic and quantum measurements : a bitemporal neoclassical theory / 
Labor market policies in Canada and Latin America  : challenges of the new millennium / 
New dimensions in bioethics : science, ethics, and the formulation of public policy / 
The juvenile offender : theory, research, and applications / 
Policy uncertainty and risk : conceptual developments and approaches / 
Therapeutic exercise: techniques for intervention / 
The 5-minute patient advisor / 
Unification of tort law : damages / 
The plant cell cycle / 
Activity-based cost and environmental management : a different approach to ISO 14000 compliance / 
Principles of mobile communication / 
In search of health care compliance 2001 / 
Aaron Rose : photographs / 
Coptic Egypt : the Christians of the Nile / 
Minus equals plus / 
A consumer's guide to drinking water / 
The Frederic Remington Art Museum collection / 
The Zimbabwe culture : origins and decline of southern Zambezian states / 
The Bible and homosexual practice : texts and hermeneutics / 
Journeying through Lent with Luke : daily meditations / 
Relative/outsider : the art and politics of identity among mixed heritage students / 
The atlas of ancient Egypt / 
Modeling the supply chain / 
Powers of good and evil : moralities, commodities, and popular belief / 
Relative points of view : linguistic representation of culture / 
Human nature and the French Revolution : from the Enlightenment to the Napoleonic Code / 
Expanding suburbia : reviewing suburban narratives / 
Causality in macroeconomics  / 
Russian politics : challenges of democratization / 
Understanding statistics in the behavioral sciences / 
The need for speed / 
On the nature of things : contemporary American landscape architecture / 
The John Zink combustion handbook / 
The sustainable management of vertisols / 
Handbook of phytochemical constituents of GRAS herbs and other economic plants / 
Handbook of ayurvedic medicinal plants / 
Handbook of nuts / 
Foundations of cryptography / 
Mary Somerville : science, illumination, and the female mind / 
Beyond Pluto : exploring the outer limits of the solar system / 
The Cambridge encyclopedia of the sun / 
Plant engineer's handbook / 
Thermochemical processes : principles and models / 
Hurray for Rosa! / 
The calling / 
Put your bodies upon the wheels : student revolt in the 1960s / 
Treasure hunt / 
The Kettles get new clothes / 
My grandma is coming to town / 
The secret ingredient murders : a Eugenia Potter mystery / 
Paradise park : a novel / 
Mary and O'Neil / 
Lubrication and reliability handbook / 
Compressor performance : aerodynamics for the user / 
Reliability, maintainability, and risk : practical methods for engineers / 
Bramwell's helicopter dynamics / 
HVAC engineer's handbook / 
Solid-liquid separation / 
Handbook of edible weeds / 
Handbook of medicinal herbs / 
Handbook of medicinal mints (aromathematics) : phytochemicals and biological activities / 
Horse-drawn carriage catalog, 1909 / 
Veterinary toxicology / 
Managing a health care alliance : improving community cancer care / 
Eating disorders : time for change / 
Modern control technology : components and systems / 
Rethinking risk and the precautionary principle / 
Reflecting God / 
Swine nutrition / 
Ship stability notes & examples / 
Development of a decision process for prioritization of emerging pathogens research / 
Symmetry in mechanics : a gentle, modern introduction / 
Earth lab : exploring the earth sciences / 
Safety and security at sea : a guide to safer voyages / 
The cosmic laws of golf (and everything else) / 
Casebook in abnormal psychology / 
ISO 9001:2000 in brief / 
Lighting fires : how the passionate teacher engages adolescent writers / 
Real ePublishing, really publishing! : how to create digital books by and for all ages / 
Women of the pleasure quarters : the secret history of the geisha / 
Journey of hope : the story of Irish immigration to America : an interactive history / 
My first book of prayers / 
My first day of school / 
Confederate commando and fleet surgeon : Dr. Daniel Burr Conrad / 
The Nibelungenlied / 
My dream dog / 
Aces in command : fighter pilots as combat leaders / 
A transition to advanced mathematics / 
Writer's online marketplace : how & where to get published online / 
Geography in British schools, 1850-2000 : making a world of difference / 
Selected papers of Richard Feynman : with commentary / 
Time traders II / 
The spheres of heaven / 
The Roman world : a sourcebook / 
The birth of modern science / 
Murder in the West Wing / 
What you wish for / 
In a heartbeat / 
When I wake / 
A conventional corpse : [a Claire Malloy mystery] / 
100+ winning answers to the toughest interview questions / 
Vantage / 
The story of the good Samaritan / 
The beginner's guide to the gift of prophecy / 
Public sentiments : structures of feeling in nineteenth-century American literature / 
Good night, Princess Pruney Toes / 
Hill country backroads : showing the way in Comal County / 
Stars fell on Alabama / 
The United States and decolonization in West Africa, 1950-1960 / 
Loving Pedro Infante : a novel / 
Talleyrand / 
The man who stayed behind / 
Encyclopedia of African-American heritage / 
Shakespeare's flowers / 
Plant viruses as molecular pathogens / 
Water quality in the Sacramento River Basin / 
Water quality in the Upper Colorado River Basin, 1996-98 / 
Water quality in South Central Texas, Texas, 1996-98 / 
Water quality in the Puget Sound basin, Washington and British Columbia, 1996-98 / 
Water quality in the Long Island-New Jersey coastal drainages, New York and New Jersey, 1996-98 / 
Water quality in the Santee River Basin and coastal drainages, North and South Carolina, 1995-98 / 
Water quality in southern Florida : Florida, 1996-98 / 
Water quality in the Lower Illinois River Basin, 1995-98 / 
Water quality in the eastern Iowa basins, Iowa and Minnesota, 1996-98 / 
Jesus and the fundamentalism of his day / 
The Psalms : an introduction / 
Liturgical works / 
The Gospel of Mark : a socio-rhetorical commentary / 
The Protestant ethic and the spirit of punishment / 
Tippy Towers & boo blankets : 
Toward rational exuberance : the evolution of the modern stock market / 
Nutrition and fish health / 
Readings on Flannery O'Connor / 
Last stand of the tallgrass prairie / 
Wax apple / 
One man died on base / 
Friends and enemies : a Mellingham mystery / 
The love game / 
Life cycle engineering of plastics : technology, economy, and the environment / 
Noninvasive electrocardiology in clinical practice / 
Decisions, computers, and medicines : the informatics of pharmacotherapy / 
Encyclopedia of allergies / 
DNA typing  protocols : molecular biology and forensic analysis / 
Acoustics and psychoacoustics / 
Comparative history and legal theory : Carl Schmitt in the first German democracy / 
Regulating the future : broadcasting technology and governmental control / 
Daily news, eternal stories : the mythological role of journalism / 
Henry Ford, industrialist / 
International finance / 
Bernard Herrmann's Vertigo : a film score handbook / 
The new Jewish wedding ; revised and updated / 
Beaver's lodge / 
The history of Canada / 
Noir, now and then : film noir originals and remakes, (1944-1999) / 
Catholic women writers : a bio-bibliographical sourcebook / 
Fathers and daughters in Shakespeare and Shaw / 
Affirmative action : a documentary history / 
Atlas of Asian-American history / 
Stern : a novel / 
Keepers of the gate / 
Tender / 
The Sammy Davis, Jr. reader / 
Two murders in my double life / 
Fixer Chao / 
Hegel on tragedy / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
Creative camera control / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
Adventures in the atomic age : from Watts to Washington / 
The lady tasting tea : how statistics revolutionized science in the twentieth century / 
Decanter centrifuge handbook / 
A nurse's story, and others / 
Conversations with Wole Soyinka / 
Jesus and the Sweet Pilgrim Baptist Church : a fable / 
Modern Japan : a historical survey / 
Exiting the whirlpool : U.S. foreign policy toward Latin America and the Caribbean / 
Racquetball today / 
Ecuador gender review : 
Análisis de género en el Ecuador : 
Education and health in Sub-Saharan Africa : a review of sector-wide approaches / 
Learn SQL in three days / 
I died laughing : funeral education with a light touch / 
The waning of the Renaissance, 1550-1640 / 
Dante : a life in works / 
Hanging together : unity and diversity in American culture / 
Lichens of North America / 
Joining the club : a history of Jews and Yale / 
You only die twice : a novel / 
Doing well and doing good : money, giving, and caring in a free society / 
Oncology nursing / 
The T-factor diet / 
K-12 teachers in the midst of reform : common thread cases / 
Economic botany : plants in our world / 
Vermeer and the Delft school / 
Pop art : U.S./U.K. connections, 1956-1966 / 
Real men or real teachers? : contradictions in the lives of men elementary school teachers / 
Kangaroos and the outback : travel in Australia / 
The Tarzan novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs : an illustrated reader's guide / 
The optical properties of materials / 
Wisdom from Dorothy Day : a radical love / 
Colonial America : essays in politics and social development / 
Psalms and practice : worship, virtue, and authority / 
Wrestling with doubt : theological reflections on the journey of faith / 
God dwells with us : temple symbolism in the Fourth Gospel / 
The United States Marine Corps in books and the performing arts / 
Beyond outcomes : assessment and instruction within a university writing program / 
Fighting poverty in developing countries : principles for economic policy / 
The science of life : Maurice Blondel's philosophy of action and the scientific method / 
Aspects of sustainable economic development / 
Potential impacts of crop biotechnology in developing countries / 
The mode of parody : an essay at definition and six studies / 
The little book of money spells / 
Totally absurd inventions : America's goofiest patents / 
St. Ignatius of Loyola : in God's service / 
Introduction to law for paralegals : a critical thinking approach / 
Theory, method, and practice in computer content analysis / 
Social justice in world cinema and theatre / 
Questions that work : how to ask questions that will help you succeed in any business situation / 
The e-commerce arsenal : 12 technologies you need to prevail in the digital arena / 
The first measured century : an illustrated guide to trends in America, 1900-2000 / 
The employee recruitment and retention handbook / 
Fundamentals of securities regulation / 
Large deviations / 
Partial differential equations in several complex variables / 
Fear and polemic in seventeenth-century England : Richard Baxter and antinomianism / 
The law of electronic commerce / 
Research on educational innovations / 
Teaching science in the block / 
Anne of Green Gables / 
Just ask Iris / 
Electronic medical records : a guide for clinicians and administrators / 
The world awaits : how to travel far and well / 
Modern C++ design : generic programming and design patterns applied / 
In pursuit of gender : worldwide archaeological approaches / 
Practical gynecology : a guide for the primary care physician / 
The good fight : how World War II was won / 
Life after the American Revolution / 
Shel Silverstein / 
R.L. Stine / 
Antarctica / 
Rooted in rock : new Adirondack writing, 1975-2000 / 
Feed the children first : Irish memories of the Great Hunger / 
Java look and feel design guidelines / 
Thank heaven for little girls : a celebration in words and pictures / 
The visual guide to writing : with readings / 
Contempt of court : the turn-of-the-century lynching that launched 100 years of federalism / 
Electronic trading masters : secrets from the pros / 
Nursing : concepts of practice / 
Digital game-based learning / 
Kingsblood royal / 
Inviscid incompressible flow / 
Painting with water-soluble oils / 
Current protocols on magnetic resonance imaging / 
Taking technical risks : how innovators, executives, and investors manage high-tech risks / 
Legends of the track : great moments in stock car racing / 
Primary care for physician assistants / 
Clinician's guide to mental illness / 
The whisperer and other voices / 
Flyfisher's guide to Minnesota / 
Wild nights : nature returns to the city / 
Discover the joy of acrylic painting / 
Transducing the genome : information, anarchy, and revolution in the biomedical sciences / 
Clinician's guide to the twelve step principles / 
Learning to live the love we promise : for people who believe in commitment and wonder why / 
Brave new church : what the future holds / 
The creation of the modern world : the untold story of the British Enlightenment / 
Memos to the president : management advice from the nation's top CEOs / 
O.K. Bouwsma's commonplace book--remarks on philosophy and education / 
Armenians and Russia, 1626-1796 : a documentary record / 
Letters from nineteenth-century children to Robert Merry's museum magazine / 
Saved race / 
Volunteer opportunities for seniors away from home / 
The great radio heroes / 
Quotations on the Vietnam War / 
Women, music, and faith in central Appalachia / 
Moose / 
The magic of ordinary days / 
Entrepreneurial marketing : lessons from Wharton's pioneering MBA course / 
Building a profitable online accounting practice / 
The Jewish immigrant in England, 1870-1914 / 
Nature, design, and science : the status of design in natural science / 
A guide for Wisconsin nonprofit organizations / 
Land of promise / 
Holding patterns : temporary poetics in contemporary poetry / 
Poems by Robert Frost / 
Queer airwaves : the story of gay and lesbian broadcasting / 
Aural rehabilitation : serving children and adults / 
Syndrome identification for audiology : an illustrated pocket guide / 
Circles of care : how to set up quality home care for our elders / 
Combinatorial data analysis : optimization by dynamic programming / 
Girl of the Manzanos / 
Reproductive strategy of marine bivalves and echinoderms / 
The school choice wars / 
Scholastic encyclopedia of animals / 
Artists in their gardens / 
The encyclopedia of aging : a comprehensive resource in gerontology and geriatrics / 
John Quincy Adams : policymaker for the Union / 
The confessions of St. Augustine / 
Unseen rain : quatrains of Rumi / 
Huguenot heritage : the history and contribution of the Huguenots in Britain / 
The law of damages in Wisconsin / 
The ring of myths : the Israelis, Wagner, and the Nazis / 
Science now / 
Ocean / 
Technology and communications / 
The three questions / 
Electro-optical imaging : system performance and modeling / 
Invisible stars : a social history of women in American broadcasting / 
Memory makers wedding idea book : 
Employment policy in transition : the lessons of German integration for the labor market / 
Luigi Pirandello : 
The school story / 
Candyland : a novel in two parts / 
Bone house : a novel / 
Foreign policy decision-making in Nigeria / 
A boy at war : a novel of Pearl Harbor / 
Surgical neuroangiography / 
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy in multiple sclerosis / 
Building a medical vocabulary : with Spanish translations / 
Case studies in rehabilitation / 
A macroeconomic model of West German unemployment : theory and evidence / 
Encyclopedia of food mycotoxins / 
Make-to-order assembly management / 
Solid-state lasers for materials processing : fundamental relations and technical realizations / 
European Monetary Union and exchange rate dynamics : new approaches and application to the Euro / 
Gorenstein dimensions / 
Sustainable land use in deserts / 
Temperature regulation in humans and other mammals / 
Measuring calcium and calmodulin inside and outside cells / 
From the sun to the great attractor : 1999 Guanajuato lectures on astrophysics / 
Deformation and fracture behavior of polymers / 
Thermodynamic basis of crystal growth : P-T-X phase equilibrium and non-stoichiometry / 
The rhizosphere : biochemistry and organic substances at the soil-plant interface / 
EMI filter design / 
Supercritical fluids : molecular interactions, physical properties, and new applications / 
Drug residues in foods : pharmacology, food safety, and analysis / 
Surgical pathology of the head and neck / 
At the Earth's core / 
The best book of volcanoes / 
The best book of big cats / 
The wing on a flea : a book about shapes / 
The art and politics of college teaching : a practical guide for the beginning professor / 
What does it mean to be human? : a new interpretation of freedom in world history / 
The academic study of religion during the Cold War : East and West / 
Narrative based evaluation : wording toward the light / 
Women's studies : an interdisciplinary anthology / 
Owning culture : authorship, ownership, and intellectual property law / 
Bloodborne pathogens / 
The Internet & Web design for teachers : a step-by-step guide to creating a virtual classroom / 
Otolith function and disorders / 
First aid and CPR / 
First aid and CPR / 
An introduction to theory and reasoning in nursing / 
Gifted origins to graced fulfillment : the soteriology of Julian of Norwich / 
Naturally dangerous : surprising facts about food, health, and the environment / 
Helping college students succeed : a model for effective intervention / 
Fort Benning blues : a novel / 
A slender thread : escaping disaster in the Himalaya / 
Travels with myself and another / 
Death and the afterlife in ancient Egypt / 
Talmud for everyday living : employer-employee relations / 
Rough living / 
Against the odds / 
Women in Pacific Northwest history / 
Growing great vegetables in the heartland / 
The death of Crazy Horse : a tragic episode in Lakota history / 
Cultural memory : reconfiguring history and identity in the postcolonial Pacific / 
Partisans : marriage, politics, and betrayal among the New York intellectuals / 
Practical guide to psychic self-defense : strenghten your aura / 
Growing up in Kenya : rural schooling and girls / 
John Macmurray : critical perspectives / 
Performing and processing The Aeneid / 
Naughty! / 
How I wonder what you are / 
Dialectic in Karl Barth's doctrine of God / 
Empresses and power in early Byzantium / 
Practical projects from fine woods / 
Residential exposure assessment : a sourcebook / 
Molecular adhesion and its applications : the sticky universe / 
Intimate partner violence : societal, medical, legal, and individual responses / 
Handbook of justice research in law / 
Race and morality : how good intentions undermine social justice and perpetuate inequality / 
Communicating the environment : environmental communication for sustainable development / 
Studies on John and gender : a decade of scholarship / 
The ethics of electronic patient records / 
Assessing attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder / 
Globalization and the postcolonial world : the new political economy of development / 
Archaeology at the millennium : a sourcebook / 
The bread of God : nurturing a Eucharistic imagination / 
Sammy Keyes and the Hollywood mummy / 
The successful paralegal ; job search guide / 
Foundations of American education : purpose and promise / 
Uganda's recovery : the role of farms, firms, and government / 
College physics / 
Never let it end : poems of a lifelong love / 
Sunlight at midnight : St. Petersburg and the rise of modern Russia / 
Writing for an endangered world : literature, culture, and environment in the U.S. and beyond / 
Only you / 
The Salem witch trials / 
The lost colony of Roanoke / 
The winter at Valley Forge / 
The Boston Tea Party / 
Day of reckoning : Columbine and the search for America's soul / 
The Calvinistic concept of culture / 
A family of faith : an introduction to evangelical Christianity / 
Couples in treatment : techniques and approaches for effective practice / 
Eyecare business : marketing and strategy / 
Critical thinking about critical periods / 
Which came first, the chicken or the egg? / 
Training your beagle / 
Snakes / 
Penguins / 
PC, M.D. : how political correctness is corrupting medicine / 
Severed trust : why American medicine hasn't been fixed / 
Coffee : recent developments / 
Barron's how to prepare for the AP computer science advanced placement examination / 
Worship-centered youth ministry : a compass for guiding youth into God's story / 
Modern child custody practice / 
Arbitration practice in construction contracts / 
The bad girl's guide to getting what you want / 
The principle of duty : an essay on the foundations of the civic order / 
A grand delusion : America's descent into Vietnam / 
Signs of life : how complexity pervades biology / 
Computational intelligence in manufacturing handbook / 
Structure and function in agroecosystem design and management / 
Fundamental food microbiology / 
Biotic stress and yield loss / 
Repairing your outdoor power equipment / 
Recipes for car care : the consumer's guide to auto health / 
Precision framing / 
Medieval ghost stories : an anthology of miracles, marvels, and prodigies / 
A southern tapestry : Marshall County, Mississippi, 1835-2000 / 
The inaugural addresses of President Thomas Jefferson, 1801 and 1805 / 
Stranded in the land of transients : poems / 
Glancing back : a pictorial history of Amherst, New York / 
4 guys and trouble / 
Pro/ENGINEER 2000i² : includes Pro/NC and Pro/SHEETMETAL / 
Differential equations with Maple : an interactive approach / 
Stochastic analysis and related topics VII : proceedings of the seventh Silivri workshop / 
New York sawed in half : an urban historical / 
In the knees of the gods : poems / 
If you had a tail / 
Generation ex : tales from the second wives club / 
Understanding crime prevention / 
How to administer an estate : a step-by-step guide for families and friends / 
The 100 greatest albums in Christian music / 
Taking flight from the empty nest / 
Minute meditations for couples / 
Perfect peace / 
State and economy in Republican China : a handbook for scholars / 
The making of Japanese Manchuria, 1904-1932 / 
Stretching lessons : the daring that starts from within / 
The great divorce : a dream / 
The Screwtape letters ; with, Screwtape proposes a toast / 
The problem of pain / 
Miracles : a preliminary study / 
Insatiable : the compelling story of four teens, food, and its power / 
Master class : scenes from a fiction workshop / 
Slammerkin / 
Spirit : chapter six of Hegel's Phenomenology of spirit / 
Proslogion : with the replies of Gaunilo and Anselm / 
River town : two years on the Yangtze / 
Ten poems to change your life / 
The secret knowledge of grown-ups : the second file / 
Sacred animals / 
Sheep asleep / 
The Easter bunny that overslept / 
Biscuit goes to school / 
I get wet / 
Night marshal / 
Murder, she wrote : a palette for murder / 
Dying to remember / 
The gods return / 
Dark secret / 
Rubout at the Onyx / 
Heart of the sea / 
Aging and developmental disability : current  research, programming, and practice implications / 
From the ground up : creating a culture of inquiry / 
A case of curiosities / 
Presidential inaugurations / 
The confessions of Mycroft Holmes : a paper chase / 
Songs without rhyme : prose by celebrated songwriters / 
Organize your start-up! : simple methods to help you start the business of your dreams / 
The complete letters of Oscar Wilde / 
Painbuster : a breakthrough 4-step program for ending pain / 
4 1/2 friends and the disappearing bio teacher / 
Robin's room / 
Be my valentine / 
The germ busters / 
880-02 Tou dai zhi ying kui / 
880-02 Tou dai zhi ruan jin / 
880-02 Quan qiu bian qian yu bian qian quan qiu : huan jing she hui xue de shi ye / 
880-02 Ming dai zheng zhi zhi du / 
880-01 Guo ji gong si li cai = 
880-02 Wai Menggu gai kuang yu guan guang jian jie / 
880-02 Xin li xue gai yao : han jie shi ming ci / 
880-02 Taiwan dian zi bao / 
880-02 Zhongguo wei ren ci miao shi lian cong hua : nei han dao jiao zhu shen / 
880-03 Hong ye huo yong cheng yu dian / 
880-02 She hui xue yu yi hu xian xiang / 
880-02 Yu men ting zheng : Man yu dui hua xuan cui / 
880-02 Gu shi yu min su / 
880-02 Dang dai Zhongguo da lu Menggu yu yan xue wen zi xue yan jiu gai shu / 
Kellogg on marketing / 
Cryptography and e-commerce : a Wiley tech brief / 
Divorce rules for men : a man to man guide for managing your split and saving thousands / 
Learn AutoCAD LT 2000 for architects / 
Pennsylvania / 
Washington / 
Mississippi / 
Alaska / 
Minnesota / 
Kansas / 
Indiana / 
Wisconsin / 
Colorado / 
Litigation and trial practice for the legal assistant / 
Introduction to legal nurse consulting / 
Essentials of torts / 
Fast-talking dames / 
The prime minister of taste : a portrait of Horace Walpole / 
Martin Frobisher : Elizabethan privateer / 
American public school law / 
Asegurando el futuro en una economía globalizada / 
Water quality modeling : a guide to effective practice / 
The island of Cuba : a political essay / 
Walking for fun and fitness / 
Principles of neuropsychology / 
Union blue : the history of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States / 
Civil rights and public accommodations : the Heart of Atlanta Motel and McClung cases / 
Conservation trusts / 
The virtues of vengeance / 
Famous first facts about American politics / 
Move to strike / 
Perish twice / 
Intensive short-term dynamic psychotherapy : 
Serpent in the bosom : the rise and fall of Slobodan Milošević / 
Money and success / 
The keys to a lifelong love / 
Finding God's will for your life / 
Love must be tough / 
Emotions : friend or foe? / 
Getting along with your parents / 
Mind siege : the battle for truth in the new millennium / 
The wounded spirit / 
Trusting God when life goes wrong / 
The island of Heavenly Daze / 
Daily splashes of joy / 
The melanocytic proliferations : a comprehensive textbook of pigmented lesions / 
Psychology and psychiatry : integrating medical practice / 
Sieur de la Salle / 
In the days of the pharaohs : a look at ancient Egypt / 
Francisco Coronado / 
Experiments with a hand lens / 
Fearsome fangs / 
Bites and stings / 
A companion to Heidegger's Introduction to metaphysics / 
Seaside : a novella / 
Then comes marriage : a novella / 
Fresh power : experiencing the vast resources of the spirit of God / 
Webster's New World compact desk dictionary and style guide / 
The desegregated heart : a Virginian's stand in time of transition / 
Antique American tractor and crawler value guide / 
Resource wars : the new landscape of global conflict / 
Facility design and management handbook / 
New animal discoveries / 
Paintbox knits : more than 30 designs for kids  / 
Color moves : transfer paints on fabric / 
Quilting more memories : creating projects with image transfers / 
Bill Grogan's goat / 
Data munging with Perl / 
Maternal subjectivity in the works of Stendhal / 
Teaching English through principled practice / 
Internet telephony / 
The dream drugstore : chemically altered states of consciousness / 
The landscape poetry of Antonio Machado : a dialogical study of Campos de Castilla / 
The legend of the three trees / 
Clinician's guide to holistic medicine / 
Secrets of RF circuit design / 
Clinican's guide to pediatric chronic illness / 
Library of Congress motion pictures, broadcasting, recorded sound : 
Nelson speaks : Admiral Lord Nelson in his own words / 
Craft and anti-craft in Chaucer's Canterbury tales / 
The philosophy of science and communication theory / 
Echos de la Réforme dans la littérature de langue française de 1520 à 1620 / 
The character of Britomart in Spenser's The faerie queene / 
Problems and solutions in urban schools / 
Why government succeeds and why it fails / 
Subject matter : technology, the body, and science on the Anglo-American frontier, 1500-1676 / 
The new angiotherapy / 
Preventive nutrition : the comprehensive guide for health professionals / 
Coaching youth softball / 
Coaching youth soccer / 
Closed kinetic chain exercise : a comprehensive guide to multiple joint exercise / 
When wishes were horses / 
Trouble at Sugar Dip Well / 
Borrowed coats / 
Drive through the blue cylinders / 
Wreckage / 
Shiner / 
The history of the invitation : new & selected poems (1963-2000) / 
Air carrier MRO handbook : maintenance, repair, and overhaul / 
A walk down the aisle : notes on a modern wedding / 
I, Roger Williams : a fragment of autobiography / 
Yellow : stories / 
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of introduction to psychology / 
Community by design : new urbanism for suburbs and small communities / 
Mental health professionals in medical settings : a primer / 
All the finest girls : a novel / 
Power supply cookbook / 
365 ways to connect with your kids : no matter what their age (or yours) / 
Reading between the numbers : statistical thinking in everyday life / 
Reflections on multiliterate lives / 
Names, titles, and characters by literary writers--Shakespeare, 19th and 20th century authors / 
Novell's CNA study guide for Netware 5.1 / 
Coaching youth baseball / 
Worship sketches 2 perform / 
The hungry hummingbird / 
Judgment in death / 
Rhode Island blues / 
A love to treasure / 
God help me through today : Psalm 23 revisited / 
Textbook of neonatal dermatology / 
The 1960s : rebels / 
Foundations of bilingual education and bilingualism / 
Guía para padres y maestros de niños bilingües / 
Insect facts and folklore / 
Footnotes : dancing the world's best-loved ballets / 
C++ in plain English / 
Veterinary clinical trials from concept to completion / 
The Stonewall Kitchen cookbook : favorite pantry recipes / 
Pattern bugs / 
Clinican's guide to substance abuse / 
Spectrum and network measurements / 
Holding the line : U.S. defense alternatives for the early 21st century / 
Acute coronary syndromes / 
Foundations of cardiac arrhythmias : basic concepts and clinical approaches / 
Asthma and respiratory infections / 
Coatings technology handbook / 
Near-infrared applications in biotechnology / 
How the stock market works / 
On the court with-- Kobe Bryant / 
How to do things with tears / 
The Irwin handbook of telecommunications management / 
An analysis of the position and status of sound ratio in contemporary society / 
The three musketeers / 
The development of the epyllion genre through the Hellenistic and Roman periods / 
Teaching in the middle and secondary schools / 
Clinician's guide to spirituality / 
Her infinite variety / 
Rain / 
Law and the rise of capitalism / 
Quaker women prophets in England and Wales, 1650-1700 / 
My war / 
Byron Herbert Reece (1917-1958) and the southern poetry tradition / 
Post-war cinema and modernity : a film reader / 
Tales of solutions : a collection of hope-inspiring stories / 
The desert experience : personal reflections on finding God's presence and promise in hard times / 
Essential readings in world politics / 
Klondike tales / 
Translation and nation : towards a cultural politics of Englishness / 
The interpreter's resource / 
The IDEA survival guide / 
St. Francis in San Francisco / 
An introduction to engineering mechanics / 
Emotional impact : passionate leaders and corporate transformation / 
Investing in Africa / 
Learning WML & WMLScript / 
Managing a smooth transition from aid dependence in Africa / 
Letter perfect : the art of modernist typography, 1896-1953 / 
Cointegration analysis in a German monetary system / 
Notes from the hyena's belly : an Ethiopian boyhood / 
What your unborn baby wants you to know : a complete guide to a healthy pregnancy / 
The tale of Bluebeard in German literature : from the eighteenth century to the present / 
Nature and understanding : the metaphysics and method of science / 
Shenoute & the women of the White Monastery : Egyptian monasticism in late antiquity / 
Trellix Web : Web site creation kit / 
Modern engineering mathematics / 
Modulation and coding : for wireless communications / 
Promoting the health of older people : the next step in health generation / 
Literacy learning in the early years / 
Adults learning / 
Drug delivery : engineering principles for drug therapy / 
Brave new brain : conquering mental illness in the era of the genome / 
The cardiovascular system. Volume 1, The heart / 
Feminism and "race" / 
Rescue for the dead : the posthumous salvation of non-Christians in early Christianity / 
The voice of modern hatred : tracing the rise of neo-fascism in Europe / 
Burying Caesar : the Churchill-Chamberlain rivalry / 
To the Hermitage / 
Fuddy meers / 
About books : five talks from the Jerusalem International Book Fair / 
Freddy and the space ship / 
Freddy goes to the North Pole / 
The book of Leviathan / 
Public and private roles in health care systems : reform experience in seven OECD countries / 
Physical children, active teaching : investigating physical literacy / 
Reading at university : a guide for students / 
Cooking secrets my mother never taught me / 
Amnesiac selves : nostalgia, forgetting, and British fiction, 1810-1870 / 
Reasonable use : the people, the environment, and the state, New England, 1790-1930 / 
The millennium atlas of butterflies in Britain and Ireland / 
Differential diagnosis in neuro-oncology / 
Animal evolution : interrelationships of the living phyla / 
Cisco certification : bridges, routers, and switches for CCIEs / 
E-commerce logistics and fulfillment : delivering the goods / 
Essential Flash 5 for Web professionals / 
Consumer behavior : buying, having, and being / 
Textiles / 
Fashion from concept to consumer / 
Handbook of trial strategies / 
Reconstructing professionalism in university teaching : teachers and learners in action / 
The politics and experience of ritual abuse : beyond disbelief / 
Understanding white collar crime / 
Character and personality types / 
The politics of sickle cell and thalassaemia / 
Developing community nursing practice / 
Ancient environments and the interpretation of geologic history / 
CCNP 2.0 routing / 
Houdini's box : the art of escape / 
I see Satan fall like lightning / 
Dancing the self : personhood and performance in the Pāṇḍav līlā of Garhwal / 
The demon in the teahouse / 
Kazakstan 1993-2000 : independent advisors and the IMF / 
Yankees on the doorstep : the story of Sarah Morgan / 
Optoelectronics and photonics : principles and practices / 
The essential guide to knowledge management : e-business and CRM applications / 
Windows 2000 kernel debugging / 
Philosophies for living / 
Concise anthology of American literature / 
The Kynoch Press : the anatomy of a printing house, 1876-1981 / 
Data structures and software development in an object-oriented domain / 
Electronic techniques : shop practices and construction / 
Spoken language processing : a guide to theory, algorithm, and system development / 
Hired! : the job-hunting/career-life planning guide / 
Fundamentals of math : with career applications / 
Schooling the boys : masculinities and primary education / 
A kid just like me : a father and son overcome the challenges of ADD and learning disabilities / 
A survey of classical and modern geometries : with computer activities / 
The big U / 
Jazz cats / 
Contemporary approaches to the study of hysteria  / 
Mick Mannock, fighter pilot : myth, life, and politics / 
Oldest ghosts : St. Augustine haunts / 
Antonia's island / 
Fishing adventures in Florida / 
Seasons of the sea / 
Paynes Prairie : a history of the great savanna / 
Catholic social thought : twilight or renaissance? / 
Franz Kafka : aspects d'une poétique du regard / 
Earth's materials : minerals and rocks / 
Haunting sunshine / 
Electric motor drives : modeling, analysis, and control / 
Getting a grip on diabetes : quick tips & techniques for kids and teens / 
The everything hot careers book : get the in-depth insider info on some really cool careers! / 
Diabetes travel guide / 
Chemicals and materials from renewable resources / 
Driven no more : finding contentment by letting go / 
Financial and process metrics for the new economy / 
Abelard and his legacy / 
Organoboranes for syntheses / 
The customer differential : the complete guide to implementing customer relationship management / 
Practical guide to transfusion medicine / 
Simply safari / 
Major ion toxicity in membrane concentrate / 
Empty cities of the full moon / 
Oxidative delignification chemistry : fundamentals and catalysis / 
Electrostatic ignitions of fires and explosions / 
Beyond the writers' workshop : new ways to write creative nonfiction / 
The writer as activist : South Asian perspectives on Ngugi Wa Thiong'o  / 
Introduction to functional magnetic resonance imaging : principles and techniques / 
The Victorian parlour / 
Ward ethics : dilemmas for medical students and doctors in training / 
The politics of the urban poor in early twentieth-century India / 
French philosophy in the twentieth century / 
Rising life expectancy : a global history / 
The future of eMarkets : multi-dimensional market mechanisms / 
Application servers for e-business / 
Walk across the sea / 
Double Dutch / 
The sweep of the second hand / 
Heaven & beyond : conversations with souls in transition / 
Wisdom of the animals : communication between animals and the people who love them / 
God is my CEO : following God's principles in a bottom-line world / 
Heartwarmers of love : award winning stories of love, romance, friends, and family / 
Personal foul : Coach Joe Moore vs. the University of Notre Dame / 
Democracy and coercive diplomacy / 
Granny D : walking across America in my ninetieth year / 
Revelation space / 
H.A. Rey / 
Julia Roberts / 
Jim Carrey / 
Brazil / 
Financial and economic optimization of water main replacement programs / 
International trade and the environment / 
The economics of sustainability / 
Legal and ethical issues in human reproduction / 
Personality psychology in the workplace / 
Competence, condemnation, and commitment : an integrated theory of mental health law / 
The last river rat : Kenny Salwey's life in the wild / 
Custer and the Little Bighorn : the man, the mystery, the myth / 
Edinburgh pocket guide / 
The parrot who owns me : the story of a relationship / 
Professional Photoshop 6 : the classic guide to color correction / 
Sair Linux and GNU certification level I : networking / 
International economics : theories, themes, and debates / 
Civil service systems in Asia / 
The anatomy and evolution of industries : technological change and industrial dynamics / 
Proof : a play / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
Interwoven lives : adolescent mothers and their children / 
The environment : opposing viewpoints / 
Common sense for board members : 40 essays about board service / 
Technology and the future of European employment   / 
International migration into the 21st century : essays in honour of Reginald Appleyard / 
Transition and growth in post-communist countries : the ten-year experience / 
Supply chain cybermastery : building high performance supply chains of the future / 
Totem poles / 
Discovering careers for your future. 
The photojournalist's guide to making money / 
Marketing in the digital age / 
Miracles : wonders Jesus worked / 
Media effects and society / 
Opera : a research and information guide / 
For the love of Mike : more of the best of Mike Royko / 
Becoming Mae West / 
Stealing shadows / 
When breaks the dawn / 
No such thing as a bad day : a memoir / 
Katrina / 
The bells of San Juan : western stories / 
The nighttime is the right time : a collection of stories / 
Northern Haida master carvers / 
Naturally--- South Texas : nature notes from the coastal bend / 
Toward a sustainable whaling regime / 
Hopi stories of witchcraft, shamanism, and magic / 
Rape / 
Violence : opposing viewpoints / 
Mountain biking Portland / 
Credit, interest rates, and the open economy : essays on horizontalism / 
Lili : a novel of Tiananmen / 
Biblical Hebrew for students of modern Israeli Hebrew / 
The Genesis trilogy / 
A boy's passage : celebrating your son's journey to maturity / 
Betrayal of Palestine : the story of George Antonius / 
The astrology of family dynamics / 
Prayer's apprentice : a year with great the  spiritual mentors / 
Games 3 for youth groups / 
The beginner's guide to fasting / 
Second language acquisition : an introductory course / 
Rowan and the Travelers / 
My car / 
Crocodile listens / 
Grace / 
Western civilization : original and secondary source readings / 
Quakertown / 
The burning point / 
English isn't crazy! : the elements of our language and how to teach them / 
Singsation / 
Trattorias of Rome, Florence, and Venice : a guide to classic eating, drinking, and snacking / 
Learn AutoCAD LT 2000i / 
The edge of town / 
Two truths and a lie / 
Jim the boy / 
Conversations with Lee Smith / 
Autobiography / 
Flowers are for love : a bouquet of inspirational stories / 
The crucified God in the Carolingian era : theology and art of Christ's passion / 
Observations upon experimental philosophy / 
Unemployment in the new Europe / 
British Romanticism and the science of the mind / 
Democracy, bureaucracy, and the study of administration / 
An introduction to Latin American politics and development / 
Aid and reform in Africa : lessons from ten case studies / 
Paul and the Mosaic law / 
Preventing sibling rivalry : six strategies to build a jealousy-free home / 
The hidden face of God : how science reveals the ultimate truth / 
Understanding soil change : soil sustainability over millennia, centuries, and decades / 
Performing television : contemporary drama and the media culture / 
The Cambridge history of Western music theory / 
Literary modernism and musical aesthetics : Pater, Pound, Joyce, and Stein / 
Medical assisting-- a commitment to service : clinical competencies / 
Water quality in the central Arizona basins, 1995-98 / 
Mississippi quilts / 
The dream behind bars : the story of the prisoners of Zion from Ethiopia / 
The state of the global economy : trends, data, rankings, charts / 
Computerized accounting with Peachtree 8.0 / 
In search of more productive schools : a guide to resource allocation in education / 
Contemporary models in vocational psychology : a volume in honor of  Samuel H. Osipow / 
Rise and spread of Islam, 622-1500 / 
The new nursing homes : a 20-minute way to find great long-term care / 
The school trip / 
Justice Lewis F. Powell, Jr. / 
Grandma & me & her secret recipe / 
Escape to the Hawaiian Islands / 
Roman Republic and Empire, 264 B.C.E.-476 C.E. / 
Looking for Pa : a Civil War journey from Catlett to Manassas, 1861 / 
Monkey for sale / 
Discovering the essential universe / 
From Peirce to Skolem : a neglected chapter in the history of logic / 
Visions of spaceflight : images from the Ordway collection / 
Guide to houseplants / 
Hokusai : the man who painted a mountain / 
Neural plasticity and regeneration / 
Handbook of energy engineering / 
Improving teamwork in organizations : applications of resource management training / 
Diseases of globalization : socioeconomic transitions and health / 
Assessment of language disorders in children / 
The illusion of progress : unsustainable development in international law and policy / 
Biodiversity and ecological economics : participation, values, and resource management / 
The GAAP gap / 
Solitary travelers : nineteenth-century women's travel narratives and the scientific vocation / 
Orchid of the Bayou : a deaf woman faces blindness / 
Intertextual loops in modern drama / 
The miracle visas / 
Gas chromatography-olfactometry : the state of the art / 
Rockbuster / 
A LM IA ceramic kiln in south-central Crete : function and pottery production / 
How can you tell if you're really in love? : / 
PCI-X system architecture / 
The eloquent oboe : 
Saints' lives and women's literary culture c. 1150-1300 : virginity and its authorizations / 
Death, art, and memory in medieval England : the Cobham family and their monuments, 1300-1500 / 
Peace agreements and human rights / 
The plays and fragments / 
Access to land, rural poverty, and public action / 
Essential IDL : interface design for COM / 
Women's sports medicine and rehabilitation / 
Proving and pricing construction claims / 
Iran / 
George W. Bush / 
Creative exposure control : how to get the exposure you want every time / 
The sacrifice / 
Bad news : where the press goes wrong in the making of the president / 
Heartbreakers : baseball's most agonizing defeats / 
Once more around the park : a baseball reader / 
Rendezvous with destiny / 
Marriage and morals among the Victorians : essays / 
Fanny & Adelaide : the lives of the remarkable Kemble sisters / 
Handbook of thin plate buckling and postbuckling / 
Analysis of time series structure : SSA and related techniques / 
A contingency table approach to nonparametric testing / 
Topological quantum field theories from subfactors / 
Polymer modifiers and additives / 
Toxicology testing handbook : principles, applications, and data interpretation / 
Nondestructive food evaluation : techniques to analyze properties and quality / 
Corporate information factory / 
PKI : a Wiley tech brief / 
Bridge accounting : procedures, systems, and controls / 
Fundamentals of materials science and engineering : an interactive etext / 
Trading in the zone : maximizing performance with focus and discipline / 
Environment, construction and sustainable development / 
A whosoever church : welcoming lesbians and gay men into African American congregations / 
The children's story Bible / 
Participating in God : a pastoral doctrine of the Trinity / 
Biancabella and other Italian fairy tales / 
Elementary quantum chemistry / 
Perfect recall : new stories / 
Lighting for glamour / 
Lighting for still life / 
The Nikon flash guide : the definitive speedlight reference / 
The complete Nikon system : an illustrated equipment guide / 
Historical dictionary of Islam / 
Reinventing the woman : a novel / 
The pickle clowns : new American circus comedy / 
Embodied rhetorics : disability in language and culture / 
10 herbs for a happy, healthy cat / 
John A. Logan, stalwart Republican from Illinois / 
Popular science : 
Giving thanks : the 1621 harvest feast / 
World's tallest disaster : poems / 
Veterinary pediatrics : dogs and cats from birth to six months / 
Double jeopardy : addressing gender equity in special education / 
Professional portraiture / 
Printing special effects / 
Futures : of Jacques Derrida / 
Soundproof room : Malraux's anti-aesthetics / 
Code, custom, and legal practice in China : the Qing and the Republic compared / 
Otters / 
Bighorn sheep / 
Red foxes / 
Pronghorns / 
Worlds of music : an introduction to the music of the world's peoples / 
Women, work, and pensions  : international issues and prospects / 
Experiencing Reggio Emilia : implications for pre-school provision / 
Critical moments--death and dying in intensive care / 
The globalizing learning economy / 
Regulation and risk : occupational health and safety on the railways / 
Short-term capital flows and economic crises / 
Fragmentation : new production patterns in the world economy / 
The management of international acquisitions / 
Values and ethics in the practice of psychotherapy and counselling / 
Markets and power : the 21st century command economy / 
Nursing care planning guides : for adults in acute, extended and home care settings / 
Como manejar su propio dinero / 
Rumbo al sur, deseando el norte / 
Islands of resistance : Puerto Rico, Vieques, and U.S. policy / 
Gustav Stickley's Craftsman Farms : the quest for an arts and crafts utopia / 
880-02 Xiao gu shi da zhe li / 
880-02 Taiwan chuan tong ban yin / 
880-02 Taiwan bo li wen wu xin shang / 
880-02 Gu nong ju jiu shi qing / 
880-01 Gu gong, shu fa, Zhuang Yan / 
880-02 Zhong Mei Ying san guo jiao yu jing fei cai yuan yu fen pei zhi du zhi bi jiao yan jiu / 
880-02 Jiao yu zheng ce yu xing zheng : zhi biao fa zhan yu ying yong / 
880-02 Zhongguo shu fa li lun ti xi / 
880-01 Da xue li nian yu shi jian / 
The conquest of the Illinois / 
Intimate reading : the contemporary women's memoir / 
Half-human / 
Terapia : una novela / 
The Motley Fool investment guide : how the fool beats Wall Street's wise men and how you can too / 
Life strategies for teens / 
Death by demonstration / 
End over end : a novel / 
My world of color / 
Go! / 
Yoko's paper cranes / 
Democratizing the World Trade Organization / 
Truth on trial : the lawsuit motif in the fourth Gospel / 
An IEEE guide : how to find what you need in the Bluetooth Spec / 
Introduction to laser technology / 
Methods in electromagnetic wave propagation / 
Software radio technologies : selected readings / 
Computer-aided method engineering : designing CASE repositories for the 21st century / 
Information security management : global challenges in the new millennium / 
Internet commerce and software agents : cases, technologies, and opportunities / 
Devices and desires : a history of contraceptives in America / 
Multicultural behavior and global business environments / 
The witness stand : a guide for clinical social workers in the courtroom / 
CORC : new tools and possibilities for cooperative electronic resource description / 
Couples therapy / 
Strategic information technology : opportunities for competitive advantage / 
Zen 24/7 : all Zen all the time / 
A matter of profit / 
The vendetta defense / 
Stuart at the fun house / 
The major league baseball book of fabulous facts and awesome trivia / 
If the Gods had meant us to vote they would have given us candidates / 
All things bright and beautiful / 
Part-time dog / 
Common sense about uncommon wisdom : ancient teachings of Vedanta / 
Let me count the ways : stories of the most wonderful adventure of the human heart / 
The first weeks of school : laying a quality foundation / 
Strategies for playbuilding : helping groups translate issues into theatre / 
Unwinding the clock : 10 thoughts on our relationship to time / 
America's undeclared war : what's killing our cities and how to stop it / 
The peppered moth / 
Before time could change them : 
Allegiance : Fort Sumter, Charleston, and the beginning of the Civil War / 
The hunters : two short novels / 
Marijuana medicine : a world tour of the healing and visionary powers of cannabis / 
Rice market liberalization and poverty in Viet Nam / 
Senior fitness test manual / 
Tibetan ayurveda : health secrets from the roof of the world / 
A month of Sundays : making sense of things / 
You can't help but listen : user-friendly oral communication / 
Frontiers of legal theory / 
Tree of origin : what primate behavior can tell us about human social evolution / 
Sensing the self : women's recovery from bulimia / 
Pathways to language : from fetus to adolescent / 
Profit from the core : growth strategy in an era of turbulence / 
The seven stories of love : and how to choose your happy ending / 
The dream shop / 
Equity and efficiency in the reform of price subsidies : a guide for policymakers / 
Freud and the seduction theory : a brief love affair / 
The alchemist's diary / 
Yes, your teen is crazy! : loving your kid without losing your mind / 
Boat navigation for the rest of us : finding your way by eye and electronics / 
40,000 miles in a canoe and Sea Queen / 
Brazil : a guide for businesspeople / 
Emotional recovery after natural disasters : how to get back to normal life / 
Being enough : the answers we seek are all around us / 
Reading the Bible again for the first time : taking the Bible seriously but not literally / 
The woman's guide to navigating the Ph.D. in engineering & science / 
IEEE 100 : 
Gene knockout protocols / 
Communication and development : the Freirean connection / 
Englishes in contact : Anglophone Caribbean students in an urban college / 
Ghana : economic development in a democratic environment / 
[Russkie poėty XX veka : antologii︠a︡ dli︠a︡ studentov / 
880-02 Huo zhe hui lai : Ri zhi shi qi, Taiwan te bie zhi yuan bing di hui yi / 
880-02 Lugang Long shan si, Tian hou gong mu diao yi shu gai lan / 
880-02 Zhong hua gui bao zhi duo shao / 
880-02 Li Denghui lu xian : qian jin guo jia xin shi ji / 
880-01 Dian ying ci dian / 
880-02 Zhan guo ce di ming kao shi / 
880-02 Beinan yu can kao yu fa / 
880-02 Taiwan da di zhen / 
880-02 Xinjiapo Hua ren you yi bian yi de wo qun guan : yu qun, guo jia she qun yu zu qun / 
880-02 Riben dang qian zheng qing, 1989-1999 / 
880-02 Nü xing yi xue 100 wen / 
880-02 Hanguo yu yu yan xue gai lun / 
880-02 Taiya yu can kao yu fa / 
880-02 Ha luo, Zhang Zhaoxiong / 
880-02 Kejia ren shen zu pai de chuan shuo / 
880-01 Kan ke yu rong yao : Dong wu da xue jian xiao bai nian ji nian wen ji / 
880-02 Zhong gong de she Tai jue ce yu liang an guan xi fa zhan / 
880-01 Li Tianlu yi shi zhui si zhuan kan / 
The catsitters : a novel / 
A Mulligan for Bobby Jobe / 
Levinas and the philosophy of religion / 
Angola : from Afro-Stalinism to Petro-diamond capitalism / 
Claiming sacred ground : pilgrims and politics at Glastonbury and Sedona / 
Once intrepid warriors : gender, ethnicity, and the cultural politics of Maasai development / 
"Happiness is not my companion" : the life of General G.K. Warren / 
On Germans & other Greeks : tragedy and ethical life / 
Nurse on trial / 
New drugs for asthma, allergy, and COPD / 
Nutrition and brain / 
Tet! : the turning point in the Vietnam War / 
Attracting & managing volunteers : a parish handbook / 
The seven gifts of the Holy Spirit / 
A laboratory course in Java / 
Pediatric cardiology / 
The literary legacy of a "poor devil" : the life and work of Robert Reitzel (1849-1898) / 
Gadamer, history, and the classics : Fugard, Marowitz, Berkoff and Harrison rewrite the theatre / 
Challenge and change in the Euro-Mediterranean region : case studies in educational innovation / 
Narrative and the nature of worldview in the Clare Savage novels of Michelle Cliff / 
The book of Amos as composed and read in antiquity / 
Educational psychology : disrupting the dominant discourse / 
Sans voix ou sans moi : Islam et islamisme / 
Rainer Maria Rilke : autobiography, fiction, and therapy / 
Blaise Pascal's quest for the ineffable / 
Environment in the 21st century and new development patterns / 
Photosynthesis : photobiochemistry and photobiophysics / 
Government institutions : effects, changes and normative foundations / 
Natur und Geist : Vorlesungen, Sommersemester 1927 / 
Assessment methods for soil carbon / 
A course in mathematical and statistical ecology / 
Applied geomorphology for mitigation of natural hazards / 
Modern trends in magnetostriction study and application / 
Principles of ethical economy / 
Changing the U.S. health care system : key issues in health services, policy, and management / 
Prions : a challenge for science, medicine and public health system / 
Outcome-based massage / 
Handbook of obstetric and gynecologic emergencies / 
Witches' night of fear / 
Interpreting remote sensing imagery : human factors / 
Kundalini for beginners / 
Introduction to community-based nursing / 
Ageing studies and lifetime extension of materials / 
On the edge of mystery : towards a spiritual hermeneutic of the urban margins / 
One grain of sand : a lullaby / 
The many faces of time / 
Basics of software engineering experimentation / 
Internet programming with OmniMark / 
ICT law and internationalisation : a survey of government views / 
New trends in quantum systems in chemistry and physics : Paris, France, 1999 / 
The administration of justice from Homer to Aristotle / 
Keeping your baby healthy / 
Garden walls, fences, and hedges / 
Gel candles : creative & beautiful candles to make / 
Promoting a global community through multicultural children's literature / 
Teaching TV production in a digital world : integrating media literacy / 
Science to go : fact and fiction learning packs / 
Library evaluation : a casebook and can-do guide / 
Shiftwork in the 21st century : challenges for research and practice / 
Suzanne's diary for Nicholas : a novel / 
Exercises in constructive imagination / 
To know God : small-group exercises for spiritual formation / 
Exploring spellcraft : how to create and cast effective spells / 
Last minute meetings / 
Last minute speeches and toasts / 
How to help your child excel in math : an A to Z survival guide / 
Fit and fabulous after 40 : a 5-part program for turning back the clock / 
Bones and muscles / 
Handbook of technical textiles / 
Sampling theory and methods / 
Mechanics / 
A course in distribution theory and applications / 
Fire retardant materials / 
Vehicle dynamics / 
Ethics, tools, and the engineer / 
Interactions between agroecosystems and rural communities / 
The laboratory mouse / 
The heart / 
The lungs / 
The brain / 
Minding a sacred place / 
Arabic morphology and phonology : based on the Marāḥ al-arwāḥ by Aḥmad b. ʻAlī b. Masʻud / 
Midnight clear : a Callahan Garrity mystery / 
Genre by example : writing what we teach / 
Ladies with options / 
Temple restoration in early Achaemenid Judah / 
The next deal : the future of public life in the information age / 
How to succeed in law school / 
Cheetahs / 
Spiders / 
Sharks / 
Computer architecture : software aspects, coding, and hardware / 
Modelling and simulation of engineering systems through bondgraphs / 
Vector spaces and matrices in physics / 
Geometric symmetry in patterns and tilings / 
A first book of quantum field theory / 
Mechanical vibration practice with basic theory / 
Impact behaviour of fibre-reinforced composite materials and structures/ 
Solution of ordinary differential equations by continuous groups / 
Shape analysis and classification : theory and practice / 
In situ hybridization in electron microscopy / 
Energy audit of building systems : an engineering approach / 
The Blackwell reader in Judaism / 
All loves excelling / 
Natural language semantics / 
800 / 
The power of the arts : creative strategies for teaching exceptional learners / 
Darwin's God : evolution and the problem of evil / 
Seeing and believing ; how to teach media literacy in the English classroom / 
Evangelical dictionary of Christian education / 
Reinventing English : teaching in the contact zone / 
Finite mathematics and applied calculus / 
He was here : those who knew Jesus speak / 
Gift & giver : the Holy Spirit for today / 
Group consensus and minority influence : implications for innovation / 
A companion to analytic philosophy / 
Monitoring plant and animal populations / 
Algebra and trigonometry / 
Community health care nursing / 
Physics meets philosophy at the Planck scale : contemporary theories in quantum gravity / 
Symbiosis and ambivalence : Poles and Jews in a small Galician town / 
Nathan's secret / 
Tongues of flame / 
Conversations with Nelson Algren / 
To keep the ball rolling : the memoirs of Anthony Powell / 
A colonel in the armored divisions : a memoir, 1941-1945 / 
Swimming / 
Francis Haar : a lifetime of images / 
The basis for gene therapy / 
Dynamics of regenerative heat transfer / 
Reconciling environment and trade / 
African grey parrots : everthing about history, care, nutrition, handling, and behavior / 
Barefoot doctor's handbook for modern lovers : a spiritual guide to truly amazing love and sex / 
Breakthrough intuition : how to achieve a life of abundance by listening to the voice within / 
Internet jobs for the rest of us : they're not just for geeks anymore / 
Crisis and renewal in France, 1918-1962 / 
Awakening love : the universal mission : spiritual healing in psychology and medicine / 
Keys to parenting the gifted child / 
Women escaping violence : empowerment through narrative / 
Man made : a memoir of my body / 
The social reality of crime / 
Labor in the modern South / 
Reading problems : assessment and teaching strategies / 
Consultation : creating school-based interventions / 
Claiming knowledge : strategies of epistemology from theosophy to the New Age / 
Harnessing AutoCAD 2000i / 
The metamorphoses. Book 1 : Latin text, notes, vocabulary / 
Manifold : space / 
A comprehensive guide to Wheelock's Latin : newly revised for Wheelock's 6th edition / 
The mind game / 
Diplomatic immunity / 
Nebraska / 
American beetles / 
Fundamentals of network security / 
Workflow modeling : tools for process improvement and application development / 
WCDMA : towards IP mobility and mobile internet / 
Concise guide to cross-cultural psychiatry / 
Treatments of psychiatric disorders / 
Magnetic sensors and magnetometers / 
SIP : understanding the Session Initiation Protocol / 
Mobile antenna systems handbook / 
Canadian labour and employment law for the U.S. practitioner / 
The spiritual dimensions of self-esteem / 
Crawling at night / 
Blood bank regulations, A to Z / 
Simple scrapbooks : 25 fun & meaningful memory books you can make in a weekend / 
Joseph Heller's Catch-22 / 
The design and evaluation of physical protection systems / 
Degrees of restructuring in Creole languages / 
Memory and representation : constructed truths and competing realities / 
Stability, variation, and change of word-order patterns over time / 
The songcatcher : a ballad novel / 
Fearless living : live without excuses and love without regret / 
Life on the other side : a psychic's tour of the afterlife / 
Eritrea / 
Feeding the wolf : John B. Rayner and the politics of race, 1850-1918 / 
The new Left : a history / 
The United States : a brief narrative history / 
Inventing the American woman : an inclusive history / 
Hippolyte's island / 
The invisible art : the legends of movie matte painting / 
Office kama sutra : being a guide to delectation & delight in the workplace / 
Time-series forecasting / 
Essential statistics / 
An invariant approach to statistical analysis of shapes / 
The dental assistant / 
Ammonius and the seabattle : texts, commentary, and essays / 
Heaven and Earth, law and love : studies in biblical thought / 
Wisdom as a woman of substance : a socioeconomic reading of Proverbs 1-9 and 31:10-31 / 
Pediatric epilepsy : diagnosis and therapy / 
Heavenly errors : misconceptions about the real nature of the universe / 
Through Cougar's eyes : life lessons from one man's best friend / 
Raising the bar : the championship years of Tiger Woods / 
I-CAR professional automotive collision repair / 
Windows admin scripting little black book / 
Data modeling essentials  / 
C++ black book / 
The secret file of Joseph Stalin : a hidden life / 
Post-revolutionary politics in Iran : religion, society, and power / 
The paradoxes of unintended consequences / 
Unified teacher preparation programs for general and special educators : emerging practices / 
On Aristotle's "Categories 5-6" / 
Human anatomy laboratory manual with cat dissections / 
More Daytona Beach in picture postcards / 
A cat's life : Dulcy's story / 
Let's go on a picnic / 
Let's get ready for Halloween / 
My aunt works in a cheese shop / 
The pink poodle / 
The tri-state gardener's guide / 
Robert Burns Woodward : architect and artist in the world of molecules / 
Teaching by the Spirit / 
The handicapper's condition book : an advanced treatment of thoroughbred class / 
Modern pace handicapping : an advanced treatment of pace analysis / 
California real estate principles / 
Modern real estate practice in Ohio / 
The tsunami of 1946 and 1960 and the devastation of Hilo Town / 
LPI general Linux I / 
Illustrator 9 visual insight / 
A wise, blue autumn : a novel about fathers, daughters, and remembering / 
A year in Van Nuys / 
Physician assistant's guide to research and medical literature / 
The street.com : guide to smart investing in the Internet era / 
Fundamentals of emergency care / 
Warriors of God : Richard the Lionheart and Saladin in the Third Crusade / 
The end of print : the grafik design of David Carson / 
Learn to sleep well : a practical guide to getting a good night's rest / 
Home office planner / 
Discover zen : a practical guide to personal serenity / 
Meditations to make teachers smile / 
Deuteronomy / 
Gerontology : nursing care of the older adult / 
Creative learning activities for young children / 
The working class majority : America's best kept secret / 
Programmed therapy for stuttering in children and adults / 
Lithuanian philosophy : persons and ideas / 
Culture and freedom / 
White darkness : a novel / 
The art of innovation : lessons in creativity from IDEO, America's leading design firm / 
Latter-day history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints / 
Sameness and difference : problems and potentials in South African civil society / 
The searchers / 
The red Sabbath / 
The gates of the mountains / 
Flags of our fathers : heroes of Iwo Jima / 
Sterile filtration : a practical approach / 
Monomial algebras / 
High-throughput synthesis : principles and practices  / 
Handbook of machinery dynamics / 
Blind equalization and identification / 
Medical management of kidney and electrolyte disorders / 
Galápagos in 3-D / 
Laboratory textbook of anatomy & physiology / 
Interpreting engineering drawings / 
Sweet mystery : a book of remembering / 
Ray Hicks : master storyteller of the Blue Ridge / 
Hopi animal stories / 
Motion : American sports poems / 
A perfect picture of hell : eyewitness accounts by Civil War prisoners from the 12th Iowa / 
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors / 
Narrative toolbox : blueprints for storybuilding / 
The wooden spoon cookbook : authentic Amish cooking / 
Weber's big book of grilling / 
The boys return / 
W.E.B. Du Bois / 
Overcoming headaches : a natural approach / 
The new mom's manual : over 800 tips and advice from hundreds of moms for baby's first year / 
Cudjo's cave / 
Exceptional learners : education and research from a global perspective / 
Natural pet care / 
Metropolis now! / 
The talking cure : a memoir of life on air / 
Mother reader : essential writings on motherhood / 
Engendering rationalities / 
Have you been to Delphi? : tales of the ancient oracle for modern minds / 
More than a game / 
Environmental and natural resources economics : theory, policy, and the sustainable society / 
Ginkgo biloba / 
The job market of the future : using computers to humanize economies / 
Scaramouche : a romance of the French revolution / 
State-space realisations of linear 2-D systems with extensions to the general nD (n[>̳]2) case / 
The reaper / 
Tiger's eye : a memoir / 
Force 12 : a novel / 
Cultural anthropology / 
Legal terminology with flash cards / 
The book of numbers / 
Exile in Richmond : the Confederate journal of Henri Garidel / 
He's HOT, she's HOT : what to look for in the opposite sex / 
Storm / 
Turning the tables on gambling : hope and help for an addictive behavior / 
Fear : a spiritual navigation / 
Explicit cost dynamics : an alternative to activity-based costing / 
Understanding policy-based networking / 
Government and not-for-profit accounting : concepts and practices / 
Investing in real estate / 
Testing applications on the Web : test planning for Internet-based systems / 
Custom CGI scripting with Perl / 
Handbook of midlife development / 
The middle ear : the role of ventilation in disease and surgery / 
Complexity classifications of Boolean constraint satisfaction problems / 
Too many people : the case for reversing growth / 
Angels of catastrophe : a novel / 
Raising fences : a black man's love story / 
Open season / 
The chaebol and labour in Korea : the development of management strategy in Hyundai / 
An economic history of London, 1800-1914 / 
Economics and interdisciplinary exchange / 
Doing practitioner research differently / 
Trust in society / 
Stories employers tell : race, skill, and hiring in America / 
Social norms / 
Staghorn / 
The hangmen of San Sabal / 
Warrior road / 
The Sheridan stage / 
The truth about the Cannonball Kid / 
Wyoming / 
If I had a tail / 
When Elephant goes to a party / 
Carlos digs to China / 
System book for family law : a forms and procedures handbook / 
The healthy baby meal planner : mom-tested, child-approved recipes for your baby and toddler / 
My mother, my friend : the ten most important things to talk about with your mother / 
AIDS : a second opinion / 
Algerian white : a narrative / 
La muerte y la doncella / 
Blake's therapy : a novel / 
Ideology and Jewish identity in Israeli and American literature / 
Postcolonial, queer : theoretical intersections / 
Hegel and the symbolic mediation of spirit / 
The science and engineering of microelectronic fabrication / 
The Oxford companion to politics of the world / 
The Oxford guide to the United States government / 
Work and society : a reader / 
The kidspace idea book / 
Sewing lingerie that fits : stylish underwear, sleepwear, and loungewear for everyday living / 
Fine machine sewing : easy ways to get the look of hand finishing and embellishing / 
Politics and growth in twentieth-century Tampa / 
Journeys through paradise : pioneering naturalists in the Southeast / 
Europe since 1945 / 
Travels, explorations, and empires : 
About amphibians : a guide for children / 
British future fiction / 
Twelve fingers : biography of an anarchist / 
Lemuel, the fool / 
Being human : an introduction to cultural anthropology / 
Blackjack, a winner's handbook / 
Spiritual maturity : stories and reflections for the ongoing journey of the spirit / 
Introduction to English terminology of Chinese medicine / 
Corporation law / 
Inlet Isles : a hospital foodservice case study / 
Modernization in Colombia : the Laureano Gómez years, 1889-1965 / 
Syria and the Palestinians : the clash of nationalisms / 
Poetry with my love / 
Four wings and a prayer : caught in the mystery of the monarch butterflies / 
Reassessing the heroine in medieval French literature / 
Crowds and soldiers in revolutionary North Carolina : the culture of violence in riot and war / 
McSorley's wonderful saloon / 
Bentham : moral, political, and legal philosophy / 
Spinoza / 
Clinical pathways for the multidisciplinary home care team / 
Stalking in children and adults : the primitive bond / 
Constructive & destructive behavior : implications for family, school, & society / 
Delvecchio's Brooklyn : a short story collection / 
In the still of the night : tales to lock your doors by / 
A forever death / 
Such a good girl and other crime stories / 
Summerville days / 
Handbook of international credit management / 
The God of Grandma Forever / 
Are we good citizens? : affairs political, literary, and academic / 
View from the cliff : a course in achieving daily focus / 
Balsamroot : a memoir / 
Lambing out, and other stories / 
Ritual sacrifice in ancient Peru / 
Telecom & networking glossary : understanding communications technology / 
Communicating family and consumer sciences : a guidebook for professionals / 
The little boy's Christmas gift / 
Babar and the ghost / 
Babar and the Wully-Wully / 
Cats of Cairo : Egypt's enduring legacy / 
Fermentation and food safety / 
Social work with elders : a biopsychosocial approach to assessment and intervention / 
The salt of broken tears : a novel / 
Information literacy toolkit. Grades 7 and up / 
The general method of social work practice : McMahon's generalist perspective / 
Einstein : decoding the Universe / 
Tait's handbook of Connecticut evidence / 
Small victories : conversations about prematurity, disability, vision loss, and success / 
The Hitler virus : the insidious legacy of Adolf Hitler / 
Directions in mathematical quasicrystals / 
Obsidian : an epic tale of Provincetown / 
Securities activities of banks / 
Rehabilitation for the postsurgical orthopedic patient / 
Cosmic horizons : astronomy at the cutting edge / 
Revalidating process hazard analyses / 
Modern trial advocacy / 
Only at night we see the stars : finding light in the face of darkness / 
Ancient pioneers : the first Americans / 
IT project management handbook / 
Jurassic classics : a collection of Saurian essays and Mesozoic musings / 
Microsoft small business server 2000 : resource kit / 
Development of railroads in Guatemala and El Salvador, 1849-1929 / 
A translation of William of Ockham's Work of ninety days / 
Cosmic banditos : a contrabandista's quest for the meaning of life / 
Hot wheels cars / 
Deadfall : generations of logging in the Pacific Northwest / 
EC&M's electrical calculations handbook / 
Charting Caribbean development / 
Legalization and world politics / 
How to do your own focus groups : a guide for trial attorneys / 
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of data structures with Java / 
Now the day is over / 
Ethics for the junior officer : selected cases from current military experience / 
The Stori of beaded embellishment / 
Protecting library staff, users, collections, and facilities : a how-to-do-it manual / 
The official DataCAD user's guide / 
Sol Lewitt : Incomplete open cubes / 
Epithelial transport and barrier function : pathomechanisms in gastrointestinal disorders / 
Praying like Jesus : discovering the pattern of godly prayer / 
Digital decorating : designs and projects from your home computer / 
Compressor handbook / 
The U.S. Marine Corps : an illustrated history / 
Green Berets in the vanguard : inside Special Forces, 1953-1963 / 
Fort Bridger, Wyoming : trading post for Indians, mountain men, and westward migrants / 
Live television drama, 1946-1951 / 
Tending roses / 
Error patterns in computation : using error patterns to improve instruction / 
Golf's funniest anecdotes : about Arnie, Jack, Ben, Lee, Tiger, Sam, and all the rest / 
Radio patent lists and index, 1830-1980 / 
A critical study of the works of Nawal El Saadawi, Egyptian writer and activist / 
A comprehensive biography of composer Gustav Holst, with correspondence and diary excerpts : 
Solomon and the trees / 
Filthy rich : how to turn your nonprofit fantasies into cold, hard cash / 
Which witch? / 
The secret of platform 13 / 
Desolation island / 
Daddy in dress blues / 
Investigating natural disasters through children's literature : an integrated approach / 
Still the big news : racial oppression in America / 
Law and order and school : daily life in an educational program for juvenile delinquents / 
The enigma of ethnicity : another American dilemma / 
Seeking El Dorado : African Americans in California / 
A single rose / 
One by one / 
Murder me now / 
Memories of Summer / 
Maternal echoes : the poetry of Marceline Desbordes-Valmore and Alphonse de Lamartine / 
The Rumpelstiltskin problem / 
The price of dissent : testimonies to political repression in America / 
Growing prosperity : the battle for growth with equity in the twenty-first century / 
American Klezmer : its roots and offshoots / 
Becoming "Japanese" : colonial Taiwan and the politics of identity formation / 
Ahead of the curve : David Baltimore's life in science / 
Doméstica : immigrant workers cleaning and caring in the shadows of affluence / 
States and women's rights : the making of postcolonial Tunisia, Algeria, and Morocco / 
The power-conflict story : a dynamic model of interstate rivalry / 
Becoming a poet : Elizabeth Bishop, with Marianne Moore and Robert Lowell / 
Species, phantasms, and images : vision and medieval psychology in The Canterbury tales / 
Constructing nationhood in modern East Asia / 
Building in China : Henry K. Murphy's "adaptive architecture," 1914-1935 / 
Plains Indian rock art / 
The Polish-Lithuanian state, 1386-1795 / 
Trails west : western stories / 
The shadow in Renegade Basin : a Western trio / 
The first Five Star western corral : western stories / 
Baseball : the national pastime in art and literature / 
Working woman's pregnancy / 
Pruning techniques / 
Pasta : over 60 simple recipes for elegant home cooking! / 
Chicken / 
The uneasy chair : a biography of Bernard DeVoto / 
The last war : a world set free / 
The skylark of space / 
Beyond thirty / 
The moon pool / 
Indian why stories : sparks from War Eagle's lodge-fire / 
Irish mist : a Nuala Anne McGrail novel / 
Charlie's run / 
Well wished / 
Seventh-grade tango / 
Morgan's run / 
Equality in liberty and justice / 
Figures in a western landscape : men and women of the northern Rockies / 
Social science information and public policy making / 
Therapeia : Plato's conception of philosophy / 
The correspondence of John Cotton / 
State and revolution in Cuba : mass mobilization and political change, 1920-1940 / 
Inventing the Renaissance putto / 
From cottage to bungalow : houses and the working class in metropolitan Chicago, 1869-1929 / 
The culture of control : crime and social order in contemporary society / 
The house of haunted dreams / 
Lost and found / 
Bobos in Paradise : the new upper class and how they got there / 
Quincie Bolliver / 
Making a difference for America's children : speech language pathologists in public schools / 
Working out with semantics / 
The redemption of Sarah Cain / 
Religion, power, and politics in colonial St. Augustine / 
Reforming Chile : cultural politics, nationalism, and the rise of the middle class / 
Beyond solidarity : pragmatism and difference in a globalized world / 
The causes and consequences of increasing inequality / 
Deniers of the Holocaust : who they are, what they do, why they do it / 
Confronting Communism : U.S. and British policies toward China / 
Quran : the final testament : authorized English version, with the Arabic text / 
Displaced persons : the liberation and abuse of Holocaust survivors / 
Threading time : a cultural history of threadwork / 
Quran, hadith, and Islam / 
Fanny herself / 
All for the regiment : the Army of the Ohio, 1861-1862 / 
Las humanidades en la era digital / 
A Pikes Peak partnership : the Penroses and the Tutts / 
The halakhah and the aggadah : theological perspectives / 
Report from Engine Co. 82 / 
Roosevelt and Churchill : men of secrets / 
The lieutenant's lady / 
A study in scarlet / 
A princess of Mars / 
A woman alone / 
Massacre at Goliad / 
Bombs in the backyard : atomic testing and American politics / 
Freedom calls : journey of a slave girl / 
Civil War city : Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, 1861-1865, the training of an army / 
Mutiny in the Civil War / 
Priestess of Avalon / 
Almost a girl : male writers and female identification / 
The southern Agrarians and the New Deal : essays after I'll take my stand / 
"The tyranny of printers" : newspaper politics in the early American republic / 
Advanced mathematical & computational tools in metrology V / 
Lines addressed to a noble lord, 1815 / 
Sheep tales : the Bible according to the animals who were there / 
Sacred quest : discovering spiritual intimacy with God / 
The Christian travelers guide to Great Britain / 
Under the influence : how Christianity transformed civilization / 
Surprised by children : a memoir / 
Grasping for the wind : the search for meaning in the 20th century / 
Ecclesiastes, Song of Songs : from biblical text...to contemporary life / 
Praying the Scriptures for your children : discover how to pray God's will for their lives / 
With fiddle and well-rosined bow : 
Learning about drinking / 
A history of the European economy, 1000-2000 / 
Ashe County's Civil War : community and society in the Appalachian South / 
Worlds of wonder : how to write science fiction & fantasy / 
The connecting church : beyond small groups to authentic community / 
The prayer experiment : discovering a prayer that could change your world / 
When bad things happen to good marriages : how to stay together when life pulls you apart / 
Applied analysis / 
Shock-capturing methods for free-surface shallow flows / 
Traumatic relationships and serious mental disorders / 
The whole world's watching : decarbonizing the economy and saving the world / 
Pay me in stock options : get the most out of your incentives / 
Skunk cabbage, sundew plants, and strangler figs : and 18 more of the strangest plants on Earth / 
SAS System for regression / 
Getting started in tax consulting / 
Introduction to physical polymer science / 
Water in biomaterials surface science / 
Computer modelling of electrical power systems / 
Forecasting the environmental fate and effects of chemicals / 
Dyslexia in adults : education and employment / 
The new American swimming pool : innovations in design and construction : 40 case studies / 
A Hubert Harrison reader / 
The Marshall plan workbook : writing your novel from start to finish / 
Music : an A-Z guide / 
The book of music and nature : an anthology of sounds, words, thoughts / 
Geographies of learning : theory and practice, activism and performance / 
Rethinking the East Asia miracle / 
History of the Finns in Michigan / 
Opportunities in visual arts careers / 
Decentralizing education in transition societies : case studies from Central and Eastern Europe / 
Perspectives on Wole Soyinka : freedom and complexity / 
Workers' compensation : benefits, costs, and safety under alternative insurance arrangements / 
Quick arithmetic / 
Stormy weather / 
The rules for marriage : time-tested secrets for making your marriage work / 
Wild seed / 
Get organized, get published! : 225 ways to make time for success / 
New worlds, lost worlds : the rule of the Tudors, 1485-1603 / 
Better day coming : Blacks and equality, 1890-2000 / 
Animals that migrate / 
The World Health Organization / 
A look at the sun / 
The Industrial Revolution / 
Super bikes / 
You wouldn't want to be a Viking explorer : voyages you'd rather not make / 
Saving the prairie bandit / 
The Crusades : Christians at war / 
Juan Ponce de León / 
Super trucks / 
World War I, 1914-18 / 
Headaches / 
A look at Saturn / 
A look at Jupiter / 
Robots / 
Dyslexia / 
Mesomechanical constitutive modeling / 
Religion in Mississippi / 
Beyond nature writing : expanding the boundaries of ecocriticism / 
Webster's New World dictionary and thesaurus / 
Working together with God to shape the new millennium : opportunities and limitations / 
Treasure at the heart of the Tanglewood / 
Simone Weil / 
Parallel and distributed computing : a survey of models, paradigms, and approaches / 
Team-spirited parenting : 8 essential principles for parenting success / 
Expert financial planning : investment strategies from industry leaders / 
Java 2 micro edition : professional developer's guide / 
The personality disorders treatment planner / 
Scripting XML and WMI for Microsoft SQL server 2000 : professional developer's guide / 
The complete will kit / 
Nonprofit boards that work : the end of one-size-fits-all governance / 
Fee-only financial planning : how to make it work for you / 
Encyclopedia of environmental studies / 
Human factors in system design, development, and testing / 
The death penalty / 
Curriculum and assessment for students with moderate and severe disabilities / 
Homework success for children with ADHD : a family-school intervention program / 
Web-based training / 
Kids' travel guide to the 10 commandments / 
John the Baptist : wet & wild and other Bible stories to tickle your soul / 
Plot / 
Tolstoy / 
Business network learning / 
Literacy and motivation : reading engagement in individuals and groups / 
Environmental effects on cognitive abilities / 
My name is Yoon / 
Storybook mentors : grown-up wisdom from children's classics / 
On the water / 
America hurrah and other plays / 
A place to stand : the making of a poet / 
Tomorrow to be brave / 
Hechizos para la prosperidad / 
Implantable cardioverter-defibrillator : a practical manual / 
C++ plus data structures / 
World of mathematics / 
The first 100 temples / 
Hanina my son : a novel of the first century / 
AutoCAD and its applications : basics, AutoCAD 2000/2000i / 
Print reading for industry : write-in text / 
AutoCAD and its applications : advanced, AutoCAD 2000/2000i / 
Compliance in healthcare and research / 
HVAC control in the new millennium / 
Brothers / 
Cupid's corner / 
A match made in heaven / 
Larky Mavis / 
The Alster files : the truth as I see it / 
Frida / 
Work teams : past, present, and future / 
Application of demilitarized gun and rocket propellants in commercial explosives / 
Enzymes in action : green solutions for chemical problems / 
Contemporary themes in humanities higher education / 
Banks as financial advisers : a comparative study of English and German law / 
The effects of compulsory competitive tendering and European law on local authorities / 
International fisheries management / 
Instrumentation : between science, state, and industry / 
Sparks from a nine-pound hammer : poems / 
Virus and virus-like diseases of potatoes and production of seed-potatoes / 
Computational aerosciences in the 21st century / 
Party government in 48 democracies (1945-1998) : composition, duration, personnel / 
Regeneration of plants in arid ecosystems resulting from patch disturbance / 
Myocardium at risk and viable myocardium : evaluation by SPET / 
The preparation of monetary policy : essays on a multi-model approach / 
Plant genetic resources of legumes in the Mediterranean / 
International perspectives on competence in the workplace : research, policy, and practice / 
Web-teaching : a guide for designing interactive teaching for the World Wide Web / 
Whaddaya say? : guided practice in relaxed speech / 
Soul mates : understanding relationships across time / 
Pagans & Christians : the personal spiritual experience / 
Virtual components design and reuse / 
Optimization and related topics / 
Biomonitoring : general and applied aspects on regional and global scales / 
A primer in elasticity / 
Illinois municipal tort liability / 
Illinois tort law / 
Thoracic oncology / 
Synchronous equivalence : formal methods for embedded systems / 
Gene therapy for acute and acquired diseases / 
Models, methods, concepts & applications of the analytic hierarchy process / 
Following Fake Man / 
Mammographic imaging : a practical guide / 
All aboard! / 
Science and the marketplace in early modern Italy / 
Fool's gold : lives, loves, and misadventures in the Four Corners country / 
The forehead and temporal fossa : anatomy and technique / 
Textbook of clinical pediatrics / 
Refresher for operating safely in hazardous environments / 
Japan's reluctant realism : foreign policy challenges in an era of uncertain power / 
Anime from Akira to Princess Mononoke : experiencing contemporary Japanese animation / 
Japanese political history since the Meiji renovation, 1868-2000 / 
Gender and genre : essays on David Mamet / 
Spiritual director, spiritual companion : guide to tending the soul / 
Small freshwater creatures / 
Divine mirrors : the Virgin Mary in the visual arts / 
The shock of the real : romanticism and visual culture, 1760-1860 / 
John Ashbery and American poetry / 
Men's work : gender, class, and the professionalization of poetry, 1660-1784 / 
International relations in the Asia-Pacific : new patterns of power, interest, and cooperation / 
Home matters : longing and belonging, nostalgia and mourning in women's fiction / 
Excellent Catholic parishes : the guide to best places and practices / 
Thermodynamics and chemistry / 
Effective leadership and management in nursing / 
Human diseases : a systemic approach / 
Women in Medieval Italian society 500-1200 / 
Programed [sic] college vocabulary / 
Elements of control systems / 
The theory of island biogeography / 
The other Hogarth : aesthetics of difference / 
Journey from the center of the sun / 
Core JSP / 
Critical thinking : an introduction to analytical reading and reasoning / 
Sandra Smith's review for NCLEX-PN / 
Reason and culture : an introduction to philosophy / 
The other Mozart : poems / 
Bad heir day / 
Everyday Linux / 
The prayer of Saint Francis : a message of peace for the world today / 
The Great War, 1914-1918 / 
The new rules : a guide to electric market regulation / 
Richard's 21st-century bicycle book / 
Errors in the script : poems / 
Hands : the total guide to beauty, health, language, and lore / 
Horror / 
Hope : a monument to Raoul Wallenberg / 
Sewing made easy / 
All in a day's work : historic general stores of Macon and surrounding North Carolina counties / 
Oxford textbook of surgery / 
Moving beyond the myths : hope and encouragement for women / 
Bullet trains / 
Arts of the possible : essays and conversations / 
Primary care of the newborn / 
Island : the complete stories / 
What it takes to be #1 : Vince Lombardi on leadership / 
The new life insurance investment advisor / 
Languages across the curriculum : interdisciplinary structures and internationalized education / 
Silent victory : the U.S. submarine war against Japan / 
Twenty million tons under the sea / 
Reminiscences / 
Fire in the wind : the life of Dickey Chapelle / 
Sonography in obstetrics and gynecology : principles & practice / 
The handbook of employee benefits : design, funding, and administration / 
Water, the drop of life / 
Shrinkage estimation of a linear regression : model in econometrics / 
Online investing / 
Educational reform : a bibliography with indexes / 
Capital punishment : a bibliography / 
Symmetry and electromagnetic interaction of fields with multi-spin / 
Programming and customizing PICmicro microcontrollers / 
Orientalism : a reader / 
Online money management / 
American cities : a bibliography / 
Seven snares of the enemy : breaking free from the devil's grip / 
Friendship : 
Love : 
Molecular neuropharmacology : a foundation for clinical neuroscience / 
Family : 
International policy studies : a win-win curriculum / 
Recent theoretical and experimental advances in hydrogen bonded clusters / 
Liability of multinational corporations under international law / 
Metrology and properties of engineering surfaces / 
Frontiers of nano-optoelectronic systems / 
Public health and the poverty of reforms : the South Asian predicament / 
Gender and space : femininity, sexualization, and the female body / 
Critical issues in communication : looking inward for answers : essays in honor of K.E. Eapen / 
A biography of the Indian nation, 1947-1997 / 
America's children / 
Landscaping with fruits and vegetables / 
Life with Swan : a novel / 
Maiden Castle / 
Naval battles of the twentieth century / 
Shield and sword : the United States Navy and the Persian Gulf War / 
The camptothecins : unfolding their anticancer potential / 
Elementary number theory / 
The uteroglobin/Clara cell protein family / 
Watercolor basics : shape and light value / 
The official Installshield for Windows Installer developer's guide / 
Choosing excellence : "good enough" schools are not good enough / 
Building your Biblical Hebrew vocabulary : learning words by frequency and cognate / 
Social work practice and psychopharmacology / 
Fargo rock city : a heavy metal odyssey in rural Nörth Daköta / 
Saunders infection control reference service : the experts' guide to the guidelines / 
Sweatshop warriors : immigrant women workers take on the global factory / 
Ant colonies / 
Aquariums / 
Terrariums / 
Beehives / 
In grandmother's arms / 
Effective marketing : creating and keeping customers / 
The 1865 customs of service for non-commissioned officers and soldiers / 
The word pavilion and selected poems / 
The politics of ideas : intellectual challenges facing the American political parties / 
Journey with Thérèse of Lisieux : celebrating the artist in us all / 
Our day at the seashore / 
Counseling female offenders and victims : a strengths-restorative approach / 
How to say it from the heart / 
Designing a data warehouse : supporting customer relationship management / 
Cognitive development / 
Gas turbine theory / 
The quarrel between invariance and flux : a guide for philosphers and other players / 
Outcome assessment in advanced practice nursing / 
Medical physiology : a cellular and molecular approach / 
Law and American education : a case brief approach / 
Dissipative quantum chaos and decoherence / 
High-Tc superconductors for magnet and energy technology : fundamental aspects / 
Structure and function of the bladder neck / 
Proofs from the book / 
Space physics : an introduction to plasmas and particles in the heliosphere and magnetospheres / 
Wavelets : tools for science & technology / 
Cataclysmic variable stars : how and why they vary / 
Nonlinear control of wheeled mobile robots / 
Character education : a guide for school administrators / 
Henry Hathaway / 
The wireless age : its meaning for learning and schools / 
Full and by : a sailing editor's word voyages through the world of sailors and sailboats / 
Plunking Reggie Jackson / 
Lady of Chʻiao Kuo : Warrior of the South / 
Code of the West / 
Asteroid strikes / 
Fires / 
Earthquakes / 
Hurricanes / 
Plagues / 
Volcanoes / 
The wonder of elephants / 
The Arabian seas : 
Triangulated categories / 
The collapse of the Kyoto Protocol and the struggle to slow global warming / 
Stability and complexity in model ecosystems / 
UML and C++ : a practical guide to object-oriented development / 
The unified neutral theory of biodiversity and biogeography / 
American places : encounters with history : a celebration of Sheldon Meyer / 
Lacan / 
Civil engineering materials / 
A friendly introduction to number theory / 
Mastering MATLAB 6 : a comprehensive tutorial and reference / 
EMT-intermediate self-assessment exam prep / 
Twice upon a time : women writers and the history of the fairy tale / 
101 Spanish riddles : understanding Spanish language and culture through humor / 
The Lincoln enigma : the changing faces of an American icon / 
Wonderful worship in smaller churches / 
The dark side of valuation : valuing old tech, new tech, and new economy companies / 
Debating points : crime and corrections / 
De Varsovie à Saragosse : Jean Potocki et son oeuvre / 
How the leopard changed its spots : the evolution of complextiy / 
The specter of speciesism : Buddhist and Christian views of animals / 
The handbook of culture & psychology / 
Financial management and policy / 
Algebra & trigonometry / 
E-Writing : 21st-century tools for effective communication / 
The woodworker's guide to pricing your work / 
Reading connections : skills and strategies for purposeful reading : high intermediate / 
XML : how to program / 
Belief and culture in the Middle Ages : studies presented to Henry Mayr-Harting / 
Reading critics reading : opera and ballet criticism in France from the Revolution to 1848 / 
Modern operating systems / 
E-business & e-commerce for managers / 
Perl : how to program / 
The late Mannerists in Athenian vase-painting / 
Enforcement of judgments in Europe / 
Studies in classical history and society / 
Creating your career portfolio : at a glance guide for students / 
The amazing dad : more than 400 ways to wow the kids / 
Software engineering : theory and practice / 
Creating your career portfolio : at a glance guide / 
Reinventing justice : the American drug court movement / 
The South vs. the South : how anti-Confederate southerners shaped the course of the Civil War / 
American headway. Student book 1 / 
American crucible : race and nation in the twentieth century / 
Thomas Merton : essential writings / 
Mothers & other heroes / 
Rational ritual : culture, coordination, and common knowledge / 
Global political economy : understanding the international economic order / 
Neighbors : the destruction of the Jewish community in Jedwabne, Poland / 
The nurse's calling : a Christian spirituality of caring for the sick / 
Electronics mathematics / 
Les Francais / 
ASTM dictionary of engineering, science, & technology / 
Names new and old : papers of the Names Institute / 
Autobiography / 
An anthropology of indirect communication / 
Student writing : access, regulation, desire / 
Who killed Shakespeare? : what's happened to English since the radical sixties / 
Westerns : films through history / 
The early Stuart kings, 1603-1642 / 
Women and religion in old and new worlds / 
Duke Ellington and his world : a biography / 
So you want to be in government? : handbook for  appointed officials in America's governments / 
The ten smartest decisions a woman can make after forty / 
Ethics for journalists / 
Citizenship and wars : France in turmoil, 1870-1 / 
Grammar in early twentieth-century philosophy / 
Philosophy, literature, and the human good / 
The infinite / 
Employers and welfare recipients : the effects of welfare reform in the workplace / 
The peaceful parenting handbook / 
An elementary textbook of Ayurveda : medicine with a six thousand year old tradition / 
Outside the lines : poetry at play / 
The Hampton connection / 
Rag and bone / 
Rural artists' colonies in Europe, 1870-1910 / 
Three apples fell from heaven / 
Mapping the stars : finding our place in the cosmos / 
Taking back our lives : a call to action for the feminist movement / 
Understanding Scotland : the sociology of a nation / 
Never a dull moment : teaching, and the art of performance : feminism takes center stage / 
A beginner's guide to critical reading : an anthology of literary texts / 
Francophone literatures : a literary and linguistic companion / 
Mexico beyond Nafta : perspectives for the European debate / 
European Union : power and policy-making / 
Gendering landscape art / 
Yes you can! : commitment and strategies for overcoming bipolar and unipolar depression / 
Anne Frank : voice of hope / 
Why do people join gangs? / 
Electric machines : analysis and design applying Matlab / 
Essentials of accounting for governmental and not-for-profit organizations / 
Legal usage in drafting corporate agreements / 
Mastering inner leadership / 
Workplace sabbaticals- : bonus or entitlement? / 
Marketing strategies, tactics, and techniques : a handbook for practitioners / 
Nothing personal, just business : a guided journey into organizational darkness / 
Speaking with the angel / 
American labor unions in the electoral arena / 
The old limey : a novel / 
My best friend Bear / 
Social problems and the quality of life / 
Toots underground / 
Fire dreams / 
Program management : a comprehensive overview of the discipline / 
The complete plant selection guide for landscape design / 
Saving Emily / 
Attention and pattern recognition / 
International migration : trends, policies, and economic impact / 
Technology, trade, and growth in OECD countries : does specialisation matter? / 
Learning together : peer tutoring in higher education / 
Habermas, critical theory and health / 
Cycles, growth and structural change : theories and empirical evidence / 
The social economics of health care / 
The new social theory reader : contemporary debates / 
Human resource management in developing countries / 
Meeting the standards in secondary English : a guide to the ITT NC / 
"Race," sport, and British society / 
The colonel / 
Coastal and river trade in pre-industrial England : Bristol and its region, 1680-1730 / 
The darkest road / 
North Star : St. Herman of Alaska / 
Secrets from the mountain : ten lessons for success in life / 
A family trust : a novel / 
Different bodies, different diets : the revolutionary 25 body type system / 
Chyna : if they only knew / 
Two fine ladies have a tiff / 
The complete book of numerology / 
True believers / 
Explaining in the secondary school / 
Questioning in the primary school / 
Class management in the secondary school / 
Class management in the primary school / 
Explaining in the primary school / 
Questioning in the secondary school / 
Reading contemporary picturebooks : picturing text / 
Assessment and children's learning in the primary school / 
Assessment and learning in the secondary school / 
Pilgrimages and journeys / 
Life's end / 
State monitoring of national school lunch program nutritional content / 
The world of Parmenides : essays on the pre-Socratic Enlightenment / 
Edward the Elder, 899-924 / 
Local economic development in Southern California's suburbs : 1990-1997 / 
Carry me across the water : a novel / 
Cultural identity and the nation-state / 
On Pascha : with the fragments of Melito and other material related to the quartodecimans / 
The global economy : changing politics, family, and society / 
The sociology and politics of health : a reader / 
Social capital and participation in everyday life / 
Ethics, justice, and international relations : constructing an international community / 
Christianity and Marxism : a philosophical contribution to their reconciliation / 
Politicians, bureaucrats, and administrative reform / 
Transnational Muslim politics : reimagining the umma / 
American patriots : the story of Blacks in the military from the Revolution to Desert Storm / 
Brothel : Mustang Ranch and its women / 
The harvest story : recollections of old-time threshermen / 
The good enough child : how to have an imperfect family and be perfectly satisfied / 
Our unsystematic health care system / 
Final séance : the strange friendship between Houdini and Conan Doyle / 
The standing stones speak : messages from the archangels revealed / 
Lit life : a novel / 
Texts and contexts : an introduction to literature and language study / 
Coastal defences : processes, problems and solutions / 
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Aristotle on ethics / 
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Hume on religion / 
Beauty restored / 
Dreaming the future : the fantastic story of prediction / 
Nonproliferation sanctions / 
In the world, of the Church : a Paul Evdokimov reader / 
Promise Keepers and the new masculinity : private lives and public morality / 
Closing the deal : [negotiation strategies for real estate sales success / 
Firefighter career starter / 
Florence, Venice & the towns of Italy / 
Schelling : zwischen Fichte und Hegel = between Fichte and Hegel / 
Animal behavior desk reference : a dictionary of animal behavior, ecology, and evolution / 
Love at first sight : the stories and science behind instant attraction / 
Readings in cyberethics / 
The harder I laugh, the deeper I hurt : unmask your pain, and let the healing begin / 
The book of madness and love / 
Sharing a trip : selected poems / 
Hinduism / 
Islam / 
The skies of Pern / 
The wolf king / 
Women in a medieval heretical sect : Agnes and Huguette the Waldensians / 
Clothes of the ancient world / 
Clothes of the medieval world / 
Galileo / 
Energy management handbook / 
Data and computer communications : networking and internetworking / 
Allen and Mike's really cool backpackin' book / 
Paddling Michigan / 
Rock climbing northwest California / 
Rock climbing New England / 
Arby Jenkins meets his match / 
Cohomological theory of dynamical zeta functions / 
Ginzburg-Landau phase transition theory and superconductivity / 
The United States in World War II, 1941-1945 / 
Bound for America : the story of the european immigrants / 
Method and theory in American archaeology / 
More than petticoats. Remarkable Florida women / 
Exotic deviance : medicalizing cultural idioms--from strangeness to illness / 
Cassian's prayer for the 21st century / 
Land-value : taxation around the world / 
Employee benefits law / 
Obtenga su porción : una guía a riquezas extraordinarias para la mujer común / 
Group process made visible : group art therapy / 
Success without college. Careers with animals / 
Barron's verbal workbook for the SAT I / 
Barron's how to prepare for the AP microeconomics/macroeconomics advanced placement examinations / 
Beginning literacy with language : young children learning at home and school / 
Sobs of the violins : love and war in the Vercors Mountains : a novel / 
Zoroaster in history / 
Fear in Bongoland : Burundi refugees in urban Tanzania / 
The wisdom of menopause : creating physical and emotional health and healing during the change / 
Intelligent systems and technologies in rehabilitation engineering / 
Voices from the void : the genres of Liudmila Petrushevskaia / 
Drive : poems / 
Dialect, culture, and society in eastern Arabia / 
Sophistaria, sive summa communium distinctionum circa sophismata accidentium / 
Lewis and Clark : from ocean to ocean / 
Captain James Cook : three times around the world / 
Robert E. Peary : to the top of the world / 
La Salle : down the Mississippi / 
Daniel Boone : beyond the mountains / 
Lecture notes on clinical pharmacology / 
Handbook of differential diagnosis in neurology / 
Dynamical systems with applications using MAPLE / 
The horror movie survival guide / 
Parallel system interconnections and communications / 
Bone mechanics handbook / 
Recent advances in computational terminology / 
Frequency and the emergence of linguistic structure / 
Reanimated voices : speech reporting in a historical-pragmatic perspective / 
A companion to twentieth-century poetry / 
A companion to Milton  / 
Dreaming of Cockaigne : medieval fantasies of the perfect life / 
The Kierkegaard reader / 
God and the problem of evil / 
A concise history of world population : an introduction to population processes / 
The dynamics of corporate worship / 
The politics of writing in the two-year college / 
Native peoples of the Southwest : negotiating land, water, and ethnicities / 
Pockets of hope : how students and teachers change the world / 
International symposium on ring theory / 
Introductory astronomy exercises / 
The hand : fundamentals of therapy / 
Bone marrow pathology / 
The historiography of Islamic Egypt, c.950-1800 / 
Academic anthropology and the museum : back to the future / 
Criminal investigation : law and practice / 
Postcolonial discourses : an anthology / 
Rubble films : German cinema in the shadow of the Third Reich / 
The tainted snuff box / 
Debating Roman demography / 
Die Erzählung von Meleagros zur literarischen Entwicklung der kalydonischen Kultlegende / 
Changer of worlds / 
March upcountry / 
Immunization : childhood and travel health / 
The civil wars of Jonah Moran : a novel / 
Dictionary of algebra, arithmetic, and trigonometry / 
The estimation and tracking of frequency / 
Up with worship : how to quit playing church / 
Little Bear and the Springwood Spinners / 
William Walton : muse of fire / 
The Normans in their histories : propaganda, myth and  subversion / 
Muscarinic receptors in airways diseases / 
Dictionary of material science and high energy physics / 
Mental retardation / 
A country such as this / 
Admiral Arleigh (31-Knot) Burke : the story of a fighting sailor / 
Microsoft Commerce Server 2000 resource kit / 
Competition in syntax / 
Cow / 
The walk : a moment in time when two lives intersect / 
Neal-Schuman electronic classroom handbook / 
Gracing the table : more than 20 hand-crafted projects / 
As painting : division and displacement / 
Analog inter-facing to embedded microprocessors : real world design / 
The small logics / 
Human rights and political justice in post-communist Eastern Europe : prosecuting history / 
A pavilion for the sun / 
The Copenhagen papers : an intrigue / 
Chicago poems / 
Punk's war / 
Moral freedom : the impossible idea that defines the way we live now / 
Miracle fair : selected poems of Wisława Szymborska / 
Structure and interpretation of classical mechanics / 
Weather legends : Native American lore and the science of weather / 
Atlas of normal roentgen variants that may simulate disease / 
The vision / 
Introducing the Internet to young learners : ready-to-go activities and lesson plans / 
Asad's legacy : Syria in transition / 
The rise and fall of the Hashimite kingdom of Arabia / 
Sympathy for the devil : neutral Europe and Nazi Germany in World War II / 
Voluntad : (1895) / 
Essays on issues in applied developmental psychology and child psychiatry / 
Gold mining and politics : Johannesburg, 1900-1907 : the origins of the old South Africa / 
A literary biography of William Tennant / 
Mandate days : British lives in Palestine, 1918-1948 / 
Molecular basis of pancreas development and function / 
Doing business in the knowledge-based economy : facts and policy challenges / 
Efficient rent-seeking : chronicle of an intellectual quagmire / 
The physiologic basis of gynecology and obstetrics / 
I wonder why mountains have snow on top : and other questions about mountains / 
Across the Atlantic : cultural exchanges between Europe and the United States / 
Helping children to build self-esteem : a photocopiable activities book / 
The Federalist / 
The space transportation market : evolution or revolution? / 
Landmark-based image analysis : using geometric and intensity models / 
Siting the Quebec novel : the representation of space in francophone writing in Quebec / 
The problem of autonomy in the works of Hermann Broch / 
Antiquarianism in the Augustan age : Thomas Hearne, 1678-1735 / 
German-language literature today : international and popular? / 
The voices of Mechthild of Magdeburg / 
Nutrition / 
Language and minority rights : ethnicity, nationalism, and the politics of language / 
The American Civil War, 1861-1865 / 
Patrons and protectors : occupations / 
Francis : a saint's way / 
15 days of prayer with Saint Louis de Montfort / 
Basket, basin, plate, and cup : vessels in the liturgy / 
Stedman's equipment words / 
Drug therapy in pregnancy / 
Medical toxicology : a synopsis and study guide / 
Design of optical WDM networks : LAN, MAN, and WAN architectures / 
Settlements, social change, and community action : good neighbours / 
Expressive arts with elders : a resource / 
Teaching pupils with severe and complex difficulties : back to first principles / 
Becoming a trainer in adult abuse work : a practical guide / 
Children's homes and school exclusion : redefining the problem / 
Magick, Shamanism & Taoism : the I ching in ritual & meditation / 
The ultimate film festival survival guide / 
Effective environmental assessments : how to manage and prepare NEPA EAs / 
Government in America : people, politics, and policy / 
Government in America : people, politics, and policy / 
Michel Tournier : la conquête de la Grande Santé / 
American standards : quality education in a complex world, the Texas case / 
Lead, radiant spirit : our Gospel quest / 
The cultural world of the apostles : the second reading, Sunday by Sunday year A / 
Naturalism in the cognitive sciences and the philosophy of mind / 
Hildegard of Bingen : an integrated vision / 
Millennialism in the Korean Protestant Church / 
Henry Miller and the surrealist discourse of excess : a post-structuralist reading / 
Dialysing for life : the development of the artificial kidney / 
Primary mesenchymal cells / 
Formative assessment and science education / 
Snow and glacier hydrology / 
City politics : private power and public policy / 
Rosen's breast pathology / 
Managing stress : principles and strategies for health and well-being / 
The way of the cross : the women of Jerusalem follow Jesus / 
Abduction, reason, and science : processes of discovery and explanation / 
Astrology : understanding the birth chart : a comprehensive guide to classical interpretation / 
The Holy Spirit : a Pentecostal perspective / 
The shining tribe tarot : awakening the universal spirit / 
Spanish literature. Current debates on Hispanism / 
Culture of death : the assault on medical ethics in America / 
Polymorphism detection and analysis / 
Skill building handbook : 
Mantle plumes : their identification through time / 
Spanish literature. From origins to 1700 / 
Spanish literature. 1700 to the present / 
Arizona trails & tales : true adventures in Arizona's Old West / 
Readings on Waiting for Godot / 
Resurrecting Mingus : a novel / 
Dream big! : a roadmap for facing life's challenges and creating the life you deserve / 
Patterns of reduplication in Lushootseed / 
Baseball for real men : seven spirtual laws for senior players / 
Reading comprehension : strategies for independent learners / 
Women in public relations : how gender influences practice / 
Towns without rivers / 
The power of poems : teaching the joy of writing poetry / 
Gender, heteroglossia, and power : a sociolinguistic study of youth culture / 
Words : structure, meaning, function : a festschrift for Dieter Kastovsky / 
Microsoft Windows 2000 Active Directory programming / 
Easy Web page creation / 
Abuse during pregnancy  : a protocol for prevention and intervention / 
Johnny Reb's war : battlefield and homefront / 
Mark Morris's L'allegro, il penseroso ed il moderato : a celebration / 
A witch's book of dreams : understanding the power of dreams & symbols / 
Injuries and disorders in the elderly / 
Creating customer value through strategic marketing planning : a management approach / 
Early intervention in psychotic disorders / 
Industrial cleaning technology / 
Novel frontiers in the production of compounds for biomedical use / 
Film directing fundamentals : from script to screen / 
The beats : a documentary volume / 
Teaching mission in a global context / 
West Indian Americans : a research guide / 
Fix-it and forget-it cookbook : feasting with your slow cooker / 
Dealing with difficult parents (and with parents in difficult situations) / 
The Blue Note label : a discography / 
The broadcast century and beyond : a biography of American broadcasting / 
The art of commenting : how to influence environmental decisionmaking with effective comments / 
El fantástico femenino en España y América : Martín Gaite, Rodoreda, Garro y Peri Rossi / 
Historia y educación : acercamiento a la historia social de la educación en Puerto Rico / 
Experiments with light / 
Experiments with plants / 
Experiments with sound / 
Culture and customs of Vietnam / 
The Heidegger-Buber controversy : the status of the I-Thou / 
Measurement error and latent variables in econometrics / 
Exchange, action, and social structure : elements of economic sociology / 
Network technology for digital audio / 
Contemporary ideas on ship stability / 
Immigrant narratives in contemporary France / 
Encyclopedia of the industrial revolution in America / 
La última gaviota : liberalism and nostalgia in early twentieth-century Panamá / 
"Like fire in broom straw" : southern journalism and the textile strikes of 1929-1931 / 
Events that changed the world through the sixteenth century / 
Student companion to Charlotte & Emily Brontë / 
Gloria Naylor : a critical companion / 
The history of Ireland / 
Using Internet primary sources to teach critical thinking skills in mathematics / 
Supranational politics of Jean Monnet : ideas and origins of the European Community / 
Choral composition : a handbook for composers, arrangers, conductors, and singers / 
Consonant strength : phonological patterns and phonetic manifestations / 
The serial verb construction parameter / 
Modern Spanish dramatists : a bio-bibliographical sourcebook / 
The fragmentation of the Church and its unity in peacemaking / 
A dream of the tattered man : stories from Georgia's death row / 
American carnival : seeing and reading American culture / 
Mainstreaming basic writers : politics and pedagogies of access / 
After Paul left Corinth : the influence of secular ethics and social change / 
Teen guide to getting started in the arts / 
The book of marriage : the wisest answers to the toughest questions / 
Coronary angioscopy / 
The U.S.A. : customs and institutions / 
The poetry of place : works on paper by Thomas Moran from the Gilcrease Museum / 
New methods for the analysis of change / 
Law & mental health professionals. North Dakota / 
Creating the full-service homework center in your library / 
Checklist of library building design considerations / 
Applying use cases : a practical guide / 
Information literacy toolkit. Grades kindergarten-6 / 
Space marketing : a European perspective / 
Brand slam : the ultimate hit in the game of marketing / 
The mystery of Anastasia Romanov / 
The legend of Jesse James / 
The disappearance of Amelia Earhart / 
Information, organisation, and technology : studies in organisational semiotics / 
Cancer chemoprevention / 
Logic-based artificial intelligence / 
Distributed systems for system architects / 
Strategy and management of industrial brands : business to business products and services / 
Super Bowl Sunday : the day America stops / 
Teacher's pet / 
Say good-bye / 
Storm rescue / 
Teach me about God : the meaning and significance of the name of God / 
The Jewish guide to the Internet / 
Vulnerable moments : deepening the therapeutic process / 
Conversations at the frontier of dreaming / 
Venetian life / 
Razzle dazzle quilts / 
The coins and banknotes of Palestine under the British mandate, 1927-1947 / 
Decommissioned Russian nuclear submarines and international cooperation / 
Veteran preference employment statutes : a state-by-state and federal government handbook / 
A biographical dictionary of silent film western actors and actresses / 
Daily life in the Middle Ages / 
Movie mutts : Hollywood goes to the dogs / 
Amazing Jewish facts and curiosities : can you believe it? / 
Psychological foundations of sport / 
Counseling the defiant child : a basic guide to helping troubled and aggressive youth / 
Despair and the return of hope : echoes of mourning in psychotherapy / 
Making sense together : the intersubjective approach to psychotherapy / 
Stress response syndromes : personality styles and interventions / 
Altar call : inviting response to the Gospel / 
England / 
J.K. Rowling / 
Deregulation! : impacts on the water industry / 
Peasants without the party : grass-roots movements in twentieth-century China / 
Sara's children and the destruction of Chmielnik / 
Silicon and its compounds / 
China's retreat from equality : income distribution and economic transition / 
Natural & herbal remedies for headaches / 
Boarding your dog : how to make your dog's stay happy, comfortable, and safe / 
Orthopaedics at a glance / 
Paratextual communities : American avant-garde poetry since 1950 / 
How to sleep soundly tonight : 250 simple and natural ways to prevent sleeplessness / 
Shayla's double brown baby blues / 
Takeoffs and landings / 
Abe Lincoln : the boy who loved books / 
Dad, in spirit / 
Gingerbread / 
A pelican swallowed my head : and other zoo stories / 
What daddies do best / 
The adventures of Archie Featherspoon / 
Camp Buccaneer / 
The long night of Leo and Bree / 
Alien & Possum hanging out / 
Puppy Mudge takes a bath / 
Slope stability in surface mining / 
The ABCs of teacher marketing / 
Rough cider / 
Family fun and games : a hundred-year tradition / 
Formulas for wealth : how to create a fortune in real estate / 
Puppy Mudge has a snack / 
Great gifts / 
Paints plus / 
Perfect parties / 
Beads 'n' badges / 
Very big sharks / 
Shark camouflage and armor / 
The world's strangest sharks / 
Chasing sharks / 
Baby sharks / 
Killer sharks, killer people / 
Evidence-based physical diagnosis / 
Dental implants : the art and science / 
Historical dictionary of pre-colonial Africa / 
Historical dictionary of Papua New Guinea / 
Hobart / 
Building a doghouse / 
Diffusion and ecological problems : modern perspectives / 
Rancho cooking : Mexican and Californian recipes / 
Brittle stars & mudbugs : an uncommon field guide to Northwest shorelines & wetlands / 
River-walking songbirds & coyote singing : an uncommon field guide to Northwest mountains / 
The San Juan Islands : crown jewels of the Pacific Coast / 
The food lover's guide to Seattle / 
Passionate slugs & Hollywood frogs : an uncommon field guide to Northwest backyards / 
Cat attacks : true stories and hard lessons from cougar country / 
San Francisco's 49-mile scenic drive : the guidebook / 
Trail running guide to western Washington : over 50 great trail runs / 
The Pacific Northwest Trail guide : the official guidebook for long distance & day hikers / 
Love and sex : ten stories of truth / 
Eyewitnesses to the Indian Wars, 1865-1890 / 
Classical potential theory and its probabilistic counterpart / 
Elliptic partial differential equations of second order / 
Codes, systems, and graphical models / 
Multivariate statistical modelling based on generalized linear models / 
Berkeley problems in mathematics / 
A first course in noncommutative rings / 
Digital image analysis : selected techniques and applications / 
Stamping through mathematics / 
Fundamentals of queueing networks : performance, asymptotics, and optimization / 
El Cucuy! : a bogeyman cuento / 
Computer numerical control : concepts and programming / 
European vistas, cultural landscapes / 
Emergency care for children / 
Professional practical/vocational nursing / 
Kissing in Manhattan / 
Dial-a-ghost / 
Tell no one : a novel / 
An introduction to general systems thinking / 
GIS : a visual approach / 
Fraud : essays / 
The birds of Ecuador / 
Unforgettable treasures : people, places, and culture of the Eastern Shore / 
Oil landscapes step by step / 
Cuchulain of Muirthemne : the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster / 
The Victorian home in America : with over 250 illustrations / 
Mathematics and the imagination / 
An introduction to heraldry / 
Three contributions to the theory of sex / 
Death in Venice ; &, A man and his dog = Der Tod in Venedig ; &, Herr und Hund / 
Selected poems of Rūmī / 
Methods and materials of painting of the great schools and masters : two volumes bound as one / 
The bourgeois gentleman / 
A pictorial encyclopedia of decorative ironwork : twelfth through eighteenth centuries / 
Barry University, 1940-2000 : dedicated to love, learning, and leadership / 
The feminine and the sacred / 
Dinosaurs with feathers : the ancestors of modern birds / 
Work, play, and type : achieving balance in your life / 
Freedom & evil : a pilgrim's guide to hell / 
Depression in adults : the latest assessment and treatment strategies / 
This organic life : confessions of a suburban homesteader / 
Joseph Conrad : a biography / 
Managerial economics : applications, strategy, and tactics / 
Guide to scientific computing / 
Black earth, gold sun : poems / 
The last empire : essays 1992-2000 / 
Colonel Tom Parker : the curious life of Elvis Presley's eccentric manager / 
Snakes / 
Giraffes / 
Lizards / 
Sharks / 
One tiny turtle / 
The owl who was afraid of the dark / 
Experiments with solids, liquids, and gases / 
Dear Lord, they want me to give the devotion again / 
Compromising positions / 
The Thanksgiving table : recipes and ideas to create your own holiday tradition / 
Fundamentals of complementary and alternative medicine / 
Black filmmakers / 
The new tea book : a guide to black, green, herbal, and chai tea / 
Human movement : an introductory text / 
Unbelievably good deals and great adventures that you absolutely can't get unless you're over 50 / 
Neuromusculoskeletal examination and assessment : a handbook for therapists / 
The hatbox baby / 
Ravelstein / 
Queer families, queer politics : challenging culture and the state / 
Religious feminism and the future of the planet : a Christian-Buddhist conversation / 
Buddhism  / 
Science, technology and governance / 
Slavery obscured : the social history of the slave trade in an English provincial port / 
From the center : poetic prayers and meditations / 
German 20th century poetry / 
Italian cinema : from neorealism to the present / 
When beliefs fail : a psychology of hope / 
Medicine of the soul : foundations of natural spirituality / 
Magellan and the first voyage around the world / 
Irish folk ways / 
A dictionary of quotes from the saints / 
Of cats and men : stories / 
Rachel's brain and other storms : Rachel Rosenthal : performance texts / 
Technospaces : inside the new media / 
Say it is Pentecost : a guide through Balthasar's logic / 
Elie Wiesel's Night / 
So close / 
Carolyn Kizer : perspectives on her life and work / 
Tangled relationships : managing boundary issues in the human services / 
Chikamatsu : 5 late plays / 
Handbook of applied behavior analysis / 
Snowflake designs / 
Daggers and fighting knives of the Western world : from the Stone Age till 1900 / 
79 decorative alphabets for designers and craftspeople / 
The Welsh fairy book / 
Relativity : the special and general theory  / 
A place to sleep / 
Windows ME clear & simple / 
Baby talk & special beginnings : getting to know your special care infant / 
Traumatic brain injury : associated speech, language, and swallowing disorders / 
Experimental mathematics with Maple / 
Extraordinary African-Americans  / 
The theory and practice of Third World solidarity / 
Prophets : words of fire / 
Do I look like a daddy to you? : a survival guide for first-time fathers / 
Frank Lloyd Wright : recollections by those who knew him / 
Creative bird carving / 
Picture history of American passenger ships / 
Music in early Lutheranism : shaping the tradition (1524-1672) / 
My daily devotion : God's promises for joyful living / 
Ironman's ultimate guide to arm training / 
Talking on tour : the best anecdotes from golf's master storyteller / 
"But I'm almost 13!" : an action plan for raising a responsible adolescent / 
Finding our fathers : how a man's life is shaped by his relationship with his father / 
Meat eaters / 
Giant plant eaters / 
Armored giants / 
Duckbills and boneheads / 
My family / 
Can I help? / 
At the park / 
Going to school / 
A history of genetics / 
Introduction to food science / 
Social capital : theory and research / 
Meet Saint Faustina : herald of divine mercy / 
American towns : an interpretive history / 
The impact of adoption on members of the triad / 
The tales of Hoffmann : a performance guide / 
Snow falling on snow : themes from the spiritual landscape of Robert J. Wicks / 
Selected poems, 1947-1995 / 
Gates to Buddhist practice : essential teachings of a Tibetan master / 
Dispersal / 
Similarity and categorization / 
Handbook of informatics for nurses and health care professionals / 
Solaris and LDAP naming services : deploying LDAP in the Enterprise / 
Flip and Flop / 
Sociology / 
Linear algebra with applications / 
Kaffeehaus : exquisite desserts from the cafés of Vienna, Budapest, and Prague / 
The left-handed marriage / 
The African imagination : literature in Africa & the Black diaspora / 
The state and rural development in post-revolutionary Iran / 
New economy--new competition : the rise of the consumer? / 
50 years of the German mark : essays in honour of Stephen F. Frowen / 
Creating an internationally competitive economy / 
American exceptionalism and US foreign policy : public diplomacy at the end of the Cold War / 
Campaign craft : the strategies, tactics, and art of political campaign management / 
Welfare reform : failure & remedies / 
The films of Ridley Scott / 
Democracy, ethnic diversity, and security in post-communist Europe / 
Organic synthesis engineering / 
Humor and wellness in clinical intervention / 
Sociology and the environment : a critical introduction to society, nature, and knowledge / 
Teen library events : a month-by-month guide / 
Veteran's benefits : a guide to state programs / 
Controversies of the music industry / 
The female body : perspectives of Latin American artists / 
The regions of Italy : a reference guide to history and culture / 
An uncertain trumpet : the evolution of U.S. Army infantry doctrine, 1919-1941 / 
Keep the money coming : a step-by-step strategic guide to annual fundraising / 
The physics of particle accelerators : an introduction / 
Understanding shyness : psychological perspectives / 
Jerry D. Thomas's Shoebox kids' Bible stories / 
Peter the Great and the West : new perspectives / 
After politics : the rejection of politics in contemporary liberal philosophy / 
Eric Brock's Shreveport / 
Economics as religion : from Samuelson to Chicago and beyond / 
Around the world submerged : the voyage of the Triton / 
The man who never was : World War II's boldest counterintelligence operation / 
Command of the seas / 
Divorce lawyers at work : varieties of professionalism in practice / 
The changing world of top officials : mandarins or valets? / 
The handbook of digital publishing / 
Medical data mining and knowledge discovery / 
Education and social change / 
Deep fusion of computational and symbolic processing / 
Turkey since 1970 : politics, economics and society / 
Surfing economics : essays for the inquiring economist / 
"To get rich is glorious!" : China's stock markets in the '80s and '90s / 
Locked doors : the seizure of Jewish property in Arab countries / 
Eugenics : a reassessment / 
Biblical religion and family values : a problem in the philosophy of culture / 
Liberation theology in the Philippines : faith in a revolution / 
Artforms : an introduction to the visual arts / 
Principles of glacial geomorphology and geology / 
Nickel and dimed : on (not) getting by in America / 
How to build a hot rod model A Ford / 
Let us meet in heaven : the Civil War letters of James Michael Barr, 5th South Carolina Cavalry / 
Hollywood looks at women / 
Your perfect home-based studio : a guide for designers and other creative professionals / 
Commissioned reviews of 250 psychological tests / 
Exceptional lives : special education in today's schools / 
Portuguese women's writing, 1972 to 1986 : reincarnations of a revolution / 
Treatment planning in dentistry / 
John Chavis : African American patriot, preacher, teacher, and mentor, 1763-1838 / 
Procedures for primary care pediatricians / 
Intimate relationships, marriages, and families / 
Strategies for struggling readers : step by step / 
Observing development of the young child / 
The evolution of the Lyric Players Theatre, Belfast : fighting the waves / 
The hanky of Pippin's daughter; and, A form of taking it all / 
Recognition of the spirit and its development as legitimate concerns of education / 
The new phrenology : the limits of localizing cognitive processes in the brain / 
The psychopharmacology of herbal medicine : plant drugs that alter mind, brain, and behavior / 
Glencoe computers in the medical office : includes MediSoft Advanced Data disk / 
Joshua's song / 
Atlas of emergency procedures / 
Comprehensive gynecology / 
Schaum's outline of fundamentals of relational databases / 
Swedes in the Twin Cities : immigrant life and Minnesota's urban frontier / 
Love at all ages : a novel / 
Close quarters : a novel / 
Angela Thirkell's world : a guide to the people and places of Baretshire / 
The tattered cloak and other stories / 
Skin care : beyond the basics / 
Calculating construction damages / 
Medical malpractice : a comprehensive analysis / 
Connectionist psycholinguistics / 
The entrepreneurial age : awakening the spirit of enterprise in people, companies, and countries / 
Clinical study guide for the oral boards in psychiatry / 
Culturally competent practice : skills, interventions, and evaluations / 
Computer and Internet liability : strategies, claims, and defenses / 
101 questions & answers about standards, assessment, and accountability / 
Teaching the Internet in libraries / 
Developing applications with Exchange 2000 : a programmers reference / 
Edging the boundaries of children's literature / 
System-On-A-Chip verification : methodology and techniques / 
High speed A/D converters : understanding data converters through SPICE / 
Fundamentals of power electronics / 
Iterative detection : adaptivity, complexity reduction, and applications / 
Art and science / 
Our mom has cancer / 
The education of an illustrator / 
Hilbert's tenth problem : relations with arithmetic and algebraic geometry / 
Evaluation and habilitation of the hearing-impaired child / 
Seeker after light : A.F. Ballenger, Adventism, and American Christianity / 
Put your science to work : the take-charge career guide for scientists / 
The portable UCC  / 
Valery Gergiev and the Kirov : a story of survival / 
Elementary school counseling in the new millennium / 
The expectant father : facts, tips, and advice for dads-to-be / 
Because she is beautiful : a novel / 
Arabic script : styles, variants, and calligraphic adaptations / 
In advance of the landing : folk concepts of outer space / 
Becoming O'Keeffe : the early years / 
The chamber organ in Britain, 1600-1830 / 
Go to Galilee : the spiritual geography of the Gospels / 
Western capitalism in China : a history of the Shanghai Stock Exchange / 
Aristotle and modern law / 
Playing Shakespeare : an actor's guide / 
Secure networking with Windows 2000 and trust services / 
The African Interior Mission / 
The experimenters : twelve great chemists / 
Cosmic rays and earth : proceedings of an ISSI Workshop 21-26 March 1999, Bern, Switzerland / 
Road haulage by motor in Britain : the first forty years / 
Play better baseball : winning techniques and strategies for coaches and players / 
The pressure cooker cookbook / 
Discrete-event simulation : modeling, programming, and analysis / 
Adoniram and other selections by Newbery authors / 
Lighthouse Island and other selections by Newbery authors / 
The horse of the War God and other selections by Newbery authors / 
Alphabet / 
Numbers / 
For the sake of freedom and other selections by Newbery authors / 
The wonder of kangaroos / 
Dancing Tom and other selections by Newbery authors / 
The wonder of pandas / 
The wonder of foxes / 
Maestro : Greenspan's Fed and the American boom / 
Martyrs' crossing : a novel / 
Flight : a novel of suspense / 
The tender heart : conquering your insecurity / 
The highest hit and other selections by Newbery authors / 
Great presidential wit : I wish I was in this book / 
Rejuvenate! : it's never too late / 
What my mother doesn't know / 
The literary development of John 13-17 : a chiastic reading / 
Hydraulic structures / 
Argentine caudillo : Juan Manuel de Rosas / 
The future of business / 
Business communication / 
Doctor Faustus / 
Don Quixote / 
Historical dictionary of Arab and Islamic organizations / 
Earthquakes / 
Volcanoes / 
Floods / 
Tornadoes / 
Why the French love Jerry Lewis : from cabaret to early cinema / 
Marine community ecology / 
History in  person : enduring struggles, contentious practice, intimate identities / 
Exploring randomness / 
Intimate questions : 459 ways to bring you closer / 
Enchanted evenings : 323 nights out to remember / 
Alcohol problems in older adults : prevention and management / 
Aging and the meaning of time : a multidisciplinary exploration / 
Advances in ABC relaxation : applications and inventories / 
Olympism : a basic guide to the history, ideals, and sports of the Olympic movement / 
Iterative methods for queuing and manufacturing systems / 
Essential Java 3D fast : developing 3D graphics applications in Java / 
Multimedia Internet broadcasting : quality, technology, and interface / 
Self-organizing maps / 
Work life 2000 yearbook 3 : 2001 / 
Control of flexible-link manipulators using neural networks / 
Advertising worldwide : advertising conditions in selected countries / 
Financial market drift : decoupling of the financial sector from the real economy? / 
Thermoelectrics : basic principles and new materials developments / 
Houdini / 
Spiders / 
Egypt / 
Titanic / 
Solar system / 
Teaching your cat simple tricks / 
Keeping your indoor cat happy & healthy / 
Housebound dogs : how to keep your say-at-home dog happy & healthy / 
The National Geographic traveler. Spain / 
The National Geographic traveler. China / 
Mi moto Fidel : motorcycling through Castro's Cuba / 
The Eagle mutiny / 
Teaching in the secondary school : an introduction / 
Adams and Victor's principles of neurology / 
Programming Linux games / 
The book of fallacies : a little primer of new thought / 
Interconnecting the network of networks / 
Writing on water / 
Frank Furness : architecture and the violent mind / 
For the love of freedom : poems / 
Harry's love : from hell to manhood : 150 sonnets / 
Tomorrow is a tight fist : poems / 
About love : reinventing romance for our times / 
Historical, cultural, socio-political, and economic perspectives on Europe / 
Classic Japanese motorcycles / 
Trans-Am : the pony car wars, 1966-1972 / 
Technology and the dream : reflections on the Black experience at MIT, 1941-1999 / 
Shadows of Eden : poems / 
Ensuring equal access to health services : user fee systems and the poor / 
Caves : exploring hidden realms / 
John D. Rockefeller : oil baron and philanthropist / 
Chest radiology : PreTest self-assessment and review / 
The prostate book : sound advice on symptoms and treatment / 
Glass mountain / 
When we liked Ike : looking for postwar America / 
Pieces of the personality puzzle : readings in theory and research / 
The treasury of Bible lists / 
Love in vain : selected stories of Federigo Tozzi / 
Roadside geology of Massachusetts / 
The ultimate guide to sports marketing / 
21 leaders for the 21st century : 
The voyage out / 
Vaughan Williams / 
The law of love : a novel of the Prohibition movement / 
Gracelin O'Malley / 
The Mike Hammer collection / 
Neuroimmune circuits, drugs of abuse, and infectious diseases / 
Student motivation : the culture and context of learning / 
Neurotoxic factors in Parkinson's disease and related disorders / 
Phylogenetic perspectives on the vertebrate immune system / 
Needs assessment in public health : a practical guide for students and professionals / 
Empire and domestic economy / 
Thermophiles : biodiversity, ecology, and evolution / 
Biomedical polymers and polymer therapeutics / 
Air pollution modeling and its application XIV / 
Electron paramagnetic resonance in biochemistry and medicine / 
Eocene biodiversity : unusual occurrences and rarely sampled habitats / 
Language for those who have nothing : Mikhail Bakhtin and the landscape of psychiatry / 
No visible means of support : stories / 
Sense of history : the place of the past in American life / 
Paul, apostle of the living God : kerygma and conversion in 2 Corinthians / 
Border crossing / 
The epistles of Horace / 
Fish, blood, and bone / 
The cosmos poems / 
No great mischief / 
The book of evidence / 
Henry of Atlantic City : [a novel] / 
Experience : a memoir / 
The mimic men / 
Our Lady of the lost and found : a novel / 
Dragon hunter : Roy Chapman Andrews and the Central Asiatic expeditions / 
The rose city : stories / 
Year of wonders : a novel of the plague / 
Empress of the world / 
27 ways to integrate training and development with the needs of your organization / 
75 ways of working with groups to develop their training skills / 
The encyclopedia of twentieth-century athletes / 
Social work in the era of devolution : toward a just practice / 
Bad bet on the bayou : the rise of gambling in Louisiana and the fall of Governor Edwin Edwards / 
Asian eclipse : exposing the dark side of business in Asia / 
Civil blood : a Civil War mystery / 
The elements of black-and-white printing : going beyond darkroom basics / 
Mary Engelbreit's dining out cookbook / 
Perpetual happiness : the Ming emperor Yongle / 
Living chi : the ancient Chinese way to bring life energy and harmony into your life / 
War and slavery in Sudan / 
The Muckrakers / 
Antiqueman's diary : the memoirs of Fred Bishop Tuck / 
Cutthroat & campfire tales : the fly-fishing heritage of the West / 
Black newspapers and America's war for democracy, 1914-1920 / 
The gigging musician : how to get, play, and keep the gig / 
Red thread : a spiritual journal of accompaniment, trauma, and healing / 
Psychological and developmental assessment : children with disabilities and chronic conditions / 
The choices we made : twenty-five women and men speak out about abortion / 
Considering religious traditions in bioethics : Christian and Jewish voices / 
Fatherless in Galilee : Jesus as child of God / 
Writing for visual media / 
Automatic transmissions & transaxles / 
Video communication and production / 
Industrial materials / 
The plantfinder's guide to daisies / 
Insects and gardens : in pursuit of a garden ecology / 
Markers in cardiology : current and future clinical applications / 
Career ideas for kids who like music and dance / 
Integrated human brain science : theory, method, application (music) / 
Rowan and the Keeper of the Crystal / 
Rowan and the Zebak / 
Georgie Lee / 
After the Holocaust / 
The 1700s / 
Immigration / 
The 1400s / 
The European Renaissance and Reformation, 1350-1600 / 
The morphosyntax of the Algonquian Conjunct verb : a minimalist approach / 
Love in the tempest of history : a French Resistance story / 
The encyclopedia of memory and memory disorders / 
The ultimate book of preteen games / 
Peer harassment in school : the plight of the vulnerable and victimized / 
Extremist groups : opposing viewpoints / 
Quick children's sermons 3 : did Adam and Eve have bellybuttons? / 
Winning with the market : beat the traders and brokers with a proven investment strategy / 
A family guide to wills, funerals, and probate : how to protect yourself and your survivors / 
Start your own business : the only start-up book you'll ever need / 
Succeed every day : daily readings for teens / 
Understanding memory : the sourcebook of memory and memory disorders / 
The Facts on File dictionary of marine science / 
Lebanese cuisine : more than 200 simple, delicious, authentic recipes / 
Geology of St. John, U.S. Virgin Islands / 
The power of positive thinking in business : ten traits for maximum results / 
Law and the information superhighway / 
The ghost and Mrs. Hobbs / 
Till tomorrow / 
David's story / 
The Great Depression / 
The 1000s / 
The wit & wisdom of Benjamin Franklin / 
The LEA guide to composition / 
Home again / 
A glimpse of paradise / 
Coming to my senses / 
Fire Queen / 
Firestorm / 
Converts & conversion to Judaism / 
Passover cookery in the kitchen with Joan Kekst / 
Occupational safety and health for technologists, engineers, and managers / 
Secure electronic commerce : building the infrastructure for digital signatures and encryption / 
International organizations : a comparative approach to the management of cooperation / 
Best of intentions : America's campaign against strategic weapons proliferation / 
Contemporary ethnic families in the United States : characteristics, variations, and dynamics / 
The practical guide to finance and accounting / 
Voice Xpress : basic skills in voice recognition / 
Structural road accident models : the international DRAG family / 
The dark room / 
Ethnic diseases sourcebook / 
Astronomy : looking at the stars / 
Spectacular space travelers / 
Forensics : solving the crime / 
Mind and maze : spatial cognition and environmental behavior / 
Women as producers and consumers of tourism in developing regions / 
Island tourism and sustainable development : Caribbean, Pacific, and Mediterranean experiences / 
Stanley Kubrick : a narrative and stylistic analysis / 
Ranchers, homesteaders, and traders : frontiersmen of the South-Central states / 
Unity or separation : center-periphery relations in the former Soviet Union / 
Profiling political leaders : cross-cultural studies of personality and behavior / 
Rebellion, repression, reinvention : mutiny in comparative perspective / 
Rethinking administrative theory : the challenge of the new century / 
Methods and morals in the life sciences : a guide for analyzing and writing texts / 
Encyclopedia of rhetoric / 
Transition to democracy in Eastern Europe and Russia : impact on politics, economy, and culture / 
The Oxford handbook of free will / 
Native American voices : a reader / 
The insider's guide to writing the perfect resume / 
The mystery of the abandoned lighthouse / 
Better phonics and beyond in 5 minutes a day : phonics fun for kids and parents on the go / 
MCSE. Implementing and supporting Windows 98 / 
Organizing for learning : strategies for knowledge creation and enduring change / 
Geriatric dermatology / 
An Italian affair / 
Dictionary of computer science, engineering, and technology / 
Mechanics of materials and interfaces : the disturbed state concept / 
Dictionary of pure and applied physics / 
The RF and microwave handbook / 
Inequality and industrial change : a global view / 
In the shadow of the cross : the deeper meaning of Calvary / 
Development of forest resources in the European part of the Russian Federation / 
The big book of mummies : all about preserved bodies from long ago / 
The Inuit / 
Alternative approaches to assessing young children / 
Segmental phonology in Optimality Theory : constraints and representations / 
English words : history and structure / 
The expert witness in construction disputes / 
Wine and war : the French, the Nazis, and the battle for France's greatest treasure / 
The Blackbirch treasury of American poetry / 
The ferryman will be there : an Ellis Portal mystery / 
Beatrice of Bayou Têche / 
The Trail of Tears : the story of the Cherokee removal / 
Prealgebra / 
The [pi]-calculus : a theory of mobile processes / 
Scottish terriers : everything about history, care, nutrition, handling, and behavior / 
The flat-footed flies (Diptera: Opetiidae and Platypezidae) of Europe / 
Ascorbic acid in aquatic organisms : status and perspectives / 
Medical management of radiation accidents / 
The complete book of wreaths : 200 delightful & creative designs / 
Lightweight sandwich construction / 
Evidence-based palliative care across the life span / 
Basic manufacturing / 
The making of the slavs : history and archaeology of the Lower Danube Region, ca. 500-700 / 
The English Civil War : the essential readings / 
The Cambridge companion to Robert Frost / 
Bishops and reform in the English church, 1520-1559 / 
Writing simple poems : pattern poetry for language acquisition / 
Ancient ones / 
All the dead were strangers / 
e-Service : speed, technology, and price built around service / 
Practical handbook for private investigators / 
Schism and solidarity in social movements : the politics of labor in the French Third Republic / 
The ecology of language evolution / 
The moral conditions of economic efficiency / 
Secrets of the baby whisperer : how to calm, connect, and communicate with your baby / 
Markets and moral regulation : cultural change in the European Union / 
Minds, brains, computers : an historical introduction to the foundations of cognitive science / 
Key terms in language and culture / 
A brief and practical guide to EU law / 
Handbook of toxicology and ecotoxicology for the pulp and paper industry / 
Fundamentals of engineering numerical analysis / 
Molecules and clusters in intense laser fields / 
Leibniz's metaphysics : its origins and development / 
The theory of composites / 
Stonewall Jackson's foot cavalry : Company A, 13th Virginia Infantry / 
Planetary sciences / 
Brazen virtue / 
Natives newcomers / 
Acid test / 
Basic vocabulary in use / 
The case of Hans Henny Jahnn : criticism and the literary outsider / 
A companion to Goethe's Faust : parts I and II / 
Goat song : my island angora goat farm / 
Eating disorders : the journey to recovery workbook / 
Defiance in the family : finding hope in therapy / 
50 hikes in coastal and southern Maine : from the Mahoosuc Range to Mount Desert Island / 
Genetics, paleontology, and macroevolution / 
Richard Wollheim on the art of painting : art as representation and expression / 
The Cambridge companion to Vermeer / 
Uncertain inference / 
The tumultuous fifties : a view from the New York Times Photo Archives / 
The canary handbook / 
Planetary and lunar coordinates, 2001-2020 / 
Infection prevention in surgical settings / 
Sustainable fishery systems / 
Clinical paediatric dietetics / 
100 questions about sleep and sleep disorders / 
The floodplain forests in Europe : current situations and perspectives / 
Language and ideology / 
Saturn / 
The planet Earth / 
Honor and sacrifice : the Montagnards of Ba Cat / 
Your next miracle : experiencing the power of Christ in everyday life / 
Anatomy of a siege : King John's Castle, Limerick, 1642 / 
The red of his shadow : a novel / 
In the footsteps of Mr. Kurtz : living on the brink of disaster in Mobutu's Congo / 
How Milton works / 
Bad boy : a memoir / 
Minnie and Moo meet Frankenswine / 
El regalo del pastor / 
Pheidole in the New World : a dominant, hyperdiverse ant genus / 
Passover desserts / 
Biochemistry primer for exercise science / 
The long distance grandmother : how to stay close to distant grandchildren / 
The land of promise : biblical, theological, and contemporary perspectives / 
Equality and diversity : phenomenological investigations of prejudice and discrimination / 
Sports talent / 
Indispensable employees : how to hire them, how to keep them / 
Album prefaces and other documents on the history of calligraphers and painters / 
Duke Ellington : jazz master / 
The music and thought of Michael Tippett : modern times and metaphysics / 
Categories and classifications : Maussian reflections on the social / 
The dynamics of child poverty in industrialised countries / 
Maya Angelou : America's poetic voice / 
Peter Rabbit / 
200 puzzling physics problems / 
Independent component analysis : principles and practice / 
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science / 
Navier-Stokes equations and turbulence / 
Climatology for airline pilots / 
Diseases of carp and other cyprinid fishes / 
Teen astrology : the ultimate guide to making your life your own / 
The Family System Test FAST : theory and application / 
The Cambridge companion to modern Italian culture / 
Modernism and the Celtic revival / 
Learn calligraphy : the complete book of lettering and design / 
The foods / 
The folk arts / 
The Mills / 
The Houses / 
Foreign investment and socio-economic development in China : the case of Dongguan / 
Mind, body, and medicine : an integrative text / 
Java message service / 
Securing Windows NT/2000 servers for the internet / 
Understanding the Linux kernel / 
From guerrillas to government : the Eritrean People's Liberation Front / 
Family planning sourcebook / 
Angry with God / 
The Chartist movement in Britain, 1838-1850 / 
Asian population history / 
Just war or just peace? : humanitarian intervention and international law / 
International law and the use of force / 
Interests in securities : a proprietary law analysis of the international securities markets / 
The life of David Hume / 
A catalogue of nineteenth century printing presses / 
Dicken's villains : melodrama, character, popular culture / 
Epidemiologic analysis : a case-oriented approach / 
Art and emotion / 
Inside SolidWorks / 
Behind closed doors : what company audit is really about / 
Redrawing the global economy : elements of integration and fragmentation / 
The politics of regulation : privatized utilities in Britain / 
The UN World Food Programme and the development of food aid / 
Volcanoes of Europe / 
Money rules / 
Uncertain rule-based fuzzy logic systems : introduction and new directions / 
Engaging inquiry : research and writing in the disciplines / 
Talking Shakespeare : Shakespeare into the millennium / 
Rethinking California : politics & policy in the Golden State / 
Reading fiction : opening the text / 
Women's rights and human rights : international historical perspectives / 
Computers in your future / 
The law and social work : contemporary issues for practice / 
Romeo and Juliet / 
Constructing gendered bodies / 
Linear circuit analysis : time domain, phasor, and Laplace transform approaches / 
NATO and the transatlantic alliance in the 21st century : the twenty-year crisis / 
Phases of capitalist development : booms, crises, and globalizations / 
Spain in the EU : the road to economic convergence / 
Issues in world politics / 
Freedom and finance : democratization and institutional investors in developing countries / 
Market or government failures? : an Asian perspective / 
Constitution for a future country / 
Informed consent : legal theory and clinical practice / 
The human embryo research debates : bioethics in the vortex of controversy / 
Mechanisms of synaptic transmission : bridging the gaps (1890-1990) / 
A history of the British labour party / 
Conquest and colonisation : the Normans in Britain, 1066-1100 / 
Sprinkle nowhere with me and you : science and the soul / 
Endocytosis / 
The look of architecture / 
The pharmacist's guide to drug eruptions and interactions / 
Reporting technical information / 
US power in international finance : the victory of dividends / 
Quipnotes about moms / 
Glutamine repeats and neurodegenerative diseases : molecular aspects / 
Crown and nobility in early modern France / 
The basics of crystallography and diffraction / 
Coping with sports injuries : psychological strategies for rehabilitation / 
Future directions in postal reform / 
A systemic treatment of bulimia nervosa : women in transition / 
Spirituality and mental health care : rediscovering a 'forgotten' dimension / 
History of the portrait collection, Independence National Historical Park / 
Gender, work, and wages in the Soviet Union : a legacy of discrimination / 
A new paradigm for Korea's economic development : from government control to market economy / 
Michael Young : social entrepreneur / 
Developing dialogue in Northern Ireland : the Mayhew talks, 1992 / 
First aid manual / 
Starting your business / 
Chicago / 
Supernutrients handbook / 
Mathematics activities for elementary school teachers : 
Membership operations / 
A business enterprise value anthology / 
Antiretroviral therapy / 
Butterfly valves : 
Eating disorders : innovative directions for research and practice / 
Monitoring patient progress : using indicators to evaluate quality / 
Activities for elementary mathematics teachers / 
Biopolymers from polysaccharides and agroproteins / 
Land valuation : adjustment procedures and assignments / 
Current treatments of obsessive-compulsive disorder / 
The management skill-builder activity pack / 
Topics in functional differential and difference equations / 
The money mentor : a tale of finding financial freedom / 
Get the picture? : the movie lover's guide to watching films / 
The screenwriter's guide to agents and managers / 
The economics of environmental monitoring and enforcement / 
Women, medicine, ethics, and the law / 
Lost classics / 
The emergence of European trade unionism / 
Carousel of progress : a novel / 
The hearts of men : a novel / 
10 easy-care perennials / 
Planning & planting a moon garden / 
Easy-care orchids / 
Easy-care water garden plants / 
Applications of constellation observing system for meteorology, ionosphere & climate / 
Teaching virtues : building character across the curriculum / 
The encyclopedia of American soccer history / 
Financial accounting / 
Marrow of mystery : selected poems / 
What to tip the boatman? / 
I can draw wild animals / 
I can draw polar animals / 
I can draw country animals / 
I can draw forest animals / 
A hole in the world / 
Hunt for the past : my life as an explorer / 
Conceptions of postwar German masculinity / 
Eating their words : cannibalism and the boundaries of cultural identity / 
Whiteness just isn't what it used to be : white identity in a changing South Africa / 
Traditional Slovak folktales / 
The Soviet colossus : history and aftermath / 
An introduction to the policy process : theories, concepts, and models of public policy making / 
New York politics : a tale of two states / 
Policy and politics in state budgeting / 
Slavery and the founders : race and liberty in the age of Jefferson / 
A basic guide to wrestling / 
A basic guide to softball / 
A basic guide to equestrian / 
A basic guide to cycling / 
A basic guide to decathlon / 
Endoscopy and microsurgery / 
Digital content creation / 
A reader's guide to Marcel Proust / 
Six metaphysical poets : a reader's guide / 
A reader's guide to the contemporary English novel / 
IPOs for everyone : the 12 secrets of investing in IPOs / 
J.K. Lasser's pick winning mutual funds / 
The CPA's guide to professional ethics / 
International credit and collections : a guide to extending credit worldwide / 
To look like America : dismantling barriers for women and minorities in government / 
Political anthropology : power and paradigms / 
Hacking cyberspace / 
Critical theory and the literary canon / 
Return of the dragon : China's wounded nationalism / 
Three complete novels / 
Five ways to know about you / 
Staying fit after forty : a plan for healthy & active living / 
How to make a Florida will : with forms / 
How to make a North Carolina will : with forms / 
How to file your own divorce : with forms / 
How to form your own corporation : with forms / 
Drawing the human body : an anatomical guide / 
Greeting cards in an afternoon / 
Amazing origami / 
Junk chic / 
Wood bender's handbook / 
The art of bonsai design / 
Scan statistics / 
The N-vortex problem : analytical techniques / 
Tissue and organ regeneration in adults / 
Office-based infertility practice / 
Justice that restores / 
The Priscilla diary / 
Leadership devotions : cultivating a leader's heart / 
Leadership meditations : reflections for leaders in all walks of life / 
An uncommon friendship : from opposite sides of the Holocaust / 
Mexico : the struggle for democratic development  / 
A different nature : the paradoxical world of zoos and their uncertain future / 
When a Jew dies : the ethnography of a bereaved son / 
Pearl's secret : a Black man's search for his white family / 
Dark continent of our bodies : black feminism and the politics of respectability / 
Taking it personally : racism in the classroom from kindergarten to college / 
Historical thinking and other unnatural acts : charting the future of teaching the past / 
Hollywood modernism : film and politics in the age of the New Deal / 
Ancient records of Egypt / 
The pickup artist / 
Leopard in exile / 
Creative portfolios : putting a spotlight on communication / 
Stolen lives : twenty years in a desert jail / 
Island bride / 
Vengeance! / 
Honor! / 
Justice! / 
A cat with the blues : an Alice Nestleton mystery / 
Colter : the true story of the best dog I ever had / 
The devil knows you're dead : a Matthew Scudder crime novel / 
Treachery trail / 
The sheriff kill / 
Runaway heart / 
Journey : a personal odyssey / 
Never die easy : the autobiography of Walter Payton / 
Tombstone courage : a Joanna Brady mystery / 
The secret at Octagon House / 
Hank Greenberg, the story of my life / 
Hannah Arendt in Jerusalem / 
New developments in productivity analysis / 
Regional and global capital flows : macroeconomic causes and consequences / 
The invention of art : a cultural history / 
Ways of knowing : a new history of science, technology, and medicine / 
Veeck as in wreck : the autobiography of Bill Veeck / 
Reading the skies : a cultural history of English weather, 1650-1820 / 
Lawns and lawn care / 
What's wrong with sociology? / 
Sociology as political education / 
The origin of values : sociology and philosophy of beliefs / 
In a dark wood : the fight over forests & the myths of nature / 
Edison : inventing the century / 
Living with feeling : the art of emotional expression / 
Arthritis survival : the holistic medical treatment program for osteoarthritis / 
User interface design for electronic appliances / 
Ergonomics for beginners : a quick reference guide / 
Joyce beyond Marx : history and desire in Ulysses and Finnegans wake / 
The sexual woman in Latin American literature : dangerous desires / 
The liguus tree snails of South Florida / 
"Tell me more" : listening to learners explain / 
American psychology & schools : a critique / 
Femicide in global perspective / 
Narratives in action : a strategy for research and analysis / 
Restructuring high schools for equity and excellence : what works / 
All but the waltz : a memoir of five generations in the life of a Montana family / 
Navajo lifeways : contemporary issues, ancient knowledge / 
Choctaw language and culture : Chahta Anumpa / 
The Lincoln image : Abraham Lincoln and the popular print / 
Tumors of the pediatric central nervous system / 
A golf story : Bobby Jones, Augusta National, and the Masters Tournment / 
The U.S. Navy and the origins of the military-industrial complex, 1847-1883 / 
Techniques in musculoskeletal rehabilitation : companion handbook / 
Introduction to applied pharmacoeconomics / 
Her daughter's eyes / 
Close encounters : communicating in relationships / 
Linguistics : an introduction to language and communication / 
Children of the West : family life on the frontier / 
Silas Marner : the weaver of Raveloe / 
The child : infants, children, and adolescents / 
Human antiquity : an introduction to physical anthropology and archaeology / 
Literature and lives : a response-based, cultural studies approach to teaching English / 
Biosolids engineering / 
Let go of clutter / 
Manual of applied field hydrogeology / 
Agriculture and the environment : searching for greener pastures / 
Back to the earth : an introduction to archaeology / 
MCSE training kit : designing Microsoft Windows 2000 network security / 
Easy Web graphics / 
Running Microsoft Office 2001 Mac / 
The phonology and morphology of reduplication / 
On playing the flute / 
Strange fire / 
American son : a novel / 
Divided minds : intellectuals and the civil rights movement / 
Research in science education - past, present, and future / 
Experiencing pleasure and profit in Bible study / 
What every Christian should believe / 
Security risk : preventing client violence against social workers / 
Options as a strategic investment / 
Quantum evolution / 
Disaster! : the great San Francisco earthquake and fire of 1906 / 
Advanced mean field methods : theory and practice / 
Best friends / 
Olympic dreams : the impact of mega-events on local politics / 
Beyond political correctness : social transformation in the United States / 
Gunman's rhapsody / 
Brotherhood of war : three complete novels / 
A crack in the track : a Thomas the Tank Engine story / 
The monster under the shed / 
Human geography of the UK : an introduction / 
The virgin of Bennington / 
Historical dictionary of Byzantium / 
The ABCs of school board marketing / 
A reader's guide to Geoffrey Chaucer / 
My good night Christmas : with read & sing-along CD / 
Sacred moments, holy days : stories of life, service, and grace / 
The constant gardener : a novel / 
Solutions : for your dog-- and you / 
Campgrounds of San Diego County : federal, state, county, regional, municipal / 
NATO after fifty years / 
Drying technology in agriculture and food sciences / 
Insects and plant defence dynamics / 
If the shoe fits : the adventures of a reluctant boatfrau / 
Pure ketchup : a history of America's national condiment / 
A place called Bliss : a novel / 
Lestrade and the mirror of murder / 
The mind's affective life : a psychoanalytic and philosophical inquiry / 
Three in one : essays on democratic capitalism, 1976-2000 / 
Politics at the turn of the century / 
The hacker ethic, and the spirit of the information age / 
Comfort me with apples : more adventures at the table / 
Understanding popular music / 
Towards a critical theory of society / 
With my face to the enemy : perspectives on the Civil War : essays / 
Wild fire / 
Blind fury / 
L.A. dead / 
She captains : heroines and hellions of the sea / 
Rough draft / 
Triumph / 
Angel on my shoulder : an autobiography / 
Resumes for banking and financial careers / 
The stock market course / 
Wharton on making decisions / 
The adult psychotherapy progress notes planner / 
The M&A transition guide : a 10-step roadmap for workforce integration / 
Opportunities in journalism careers / 
Opportunities in veterinary medicine careers / 
Resumes for former military personnel / 
How to write your college application essay / 
Essence and alchemy : a book of perfume / 
Telecommunications cabling installation / 
Czech Republic : 
Private solutions for infrastructure. 
Chile health insurance issues : 
Life / 
World regional geography : the new global order / 
Molecular electronics / 
Body and world / 
Celebrating the saints : devotional readings for Saints' Days / 
Supercars / 
Classic Honda motorcycles / 
Design drawing / 
What's in the Bible : the story of God through time & eternity / 
Robinson on North Carolina corporation law / 
The trial / 
Grandma's records / 
Lucy Stone : pioneer of woman's rights / 
Living Principal : looking and feeling your best at every age / 
Strike songs of the depression / 
C.L.R. James and creolization : circles of influence / 
Interviews with Edward W. Said / 
Not by the sword : how a cantor and his family transformed a klansman / 
Linear and nonlinear rotordynamics : a modern treatment with applications / 
Mathematics of chance / 
The memory program : how to prevent memory loss and enhance memory power / 
Buying a home when you're single / 
Cat haiku / 
A trust betrayed : first chapter of Margaret Kerr of Perth / 
10 days to faster reading / 
The hot rock : the first Dortmunder novel / 
Active Server Pages in plain English / 
Birthplace of the winds : adventuring in Alaska's islands of fire and ice / 
Essential wisdom teachings : the way to inner peace / 
World English : from aloha to zed / 
Natural systems for wastewater treatment / 
Facts about American immigration / 
Facts about retiring in the United States / 
101 hikes in Northern California : exploring mountains, valleys, and seashore / 
Emotional branding ; the new paradigm for connecting brands to people / 
The Newbery & Caldecott medal books, 1986-2000 : a comprehensive guide to the winners / 
Summers at Castle Auburn / 
Divided souls : converts from Judaism in Germany, 1500-1750 / 
Living it down by laughing it up / 
The Charleston gardener / 
Game design : theory & practice / 
The oxidation of oxygen and related chemistry : selected papers of Neil Bartlett / 
International economics : global markets and international competition / 
Research methods in political science : an introduction using MicroCase / 
Analytic philosophy : classic readings / 
Community-based corrections / 
Do the right thing : readings in applied ethics and social philosophy / 
Readings in African-American history / 
Drowning Ruth / 
Hong Kong : a Jake Grafton novel / 
The fig eater / 
Silk and shadows / 
Stones for bread : a critique of contemporary worship / 
The dancers of Riverside Park and other poems / 
Genesis / 
Excellent Protestant congregations : the guide to best places and practices / 
[Fragment : stikhi / 
Selected poems of Robert Penn Warren / 
The walking wounded : a novel / 
New perspectives on the Haskalah / 
The Analects / 
Thinking games for preschoolers / 
Practical guide to creative visualization : manifest your desires / 
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture / 
Dopaminergic system : evolution from biological to clinical aspects / 
Stokes beginner's guide to shorebirds / 
Information modeling and relational databases : from conceptual analysis to logical design / 
Henry R. Luce and the rise of the American news media / 
DramaContemporary : India / 
Creating with concrete : yard art, sculpture & garden projects / 
Creative lighting for outdoor living : 40 festive projects / 
Arthur and the seventh inning stretcher / 
American government : readings and cases / 
Writing as reflective action : a reader / 
The complete body, mind, and spirit  / 
The cancer pain sourcebook / 
EMT career starter / 
Environmental archaeology : meaning and purpose / 
Disabled children and the law : research and good practice / 
Self-hypnosis plain and simple / 
Holofernes' Mantuan : Italian humanism in early modern England / 
Anarchism, science, and sex : eugenics in eastern Spain, 1900-1937 / 
Collected shorter fiction / 
The complete Henry Bech : twenty stories / 
Understanding securities law / 
History of the Florentine people / 
Platonic theology / 
Famous women / 
La Magia de la aromatorapia : el uso de las esencias para la mente, el cuerpo, y el espíritu / 
A place to grow / 
Making histories in transport museums / 
The last time they met : a novel / 
Belle of the West : the true story of Belle Starr / 
Transition and change in the lives of people with intellectual disabilities / 
The writers' morality : festschrift for Michael Butler / 
Pasquale's nose / 
On campaign with the Army of the Potomac : the Civil War journal of Theodore Ayrault Dodge / 
Fearless Jones : a novel / 
Corporate and commercial practice in the Delaware Court of Chancery / 
A functional approach to group work in occupational therapy / 
ACSM's resource manual for Guidelines for exercise testing and prescription / 
Collective security under international law / 
Dangerous muse : the life of Lady Caroline Blackwood / 
Writers on writing : 
Down to the bonny glen / 
The vile village / 
Judge Judy Sheindlin's You can't judge a book by its cover : cool rules for school / 
A fine, fine school / 
Russian novelists in the age of Tolstoy and Dostoevsky / 
Choosing death : suicide and Calvinism in early modern Geneva / 
Bandits, peasants, and politics : the case of "La Violencia" in Colombia / 
How Wal-Mart is destroying America (and the world) and what you can do about it / 
Democracy : a history of ideas / 
It's not just gym anymore : teaching secondary school students how to be active for life / 
Play practice : the games approach to teaching and coaching sports / 
Research methods in physical activity / 
Advances in motivation in sport and exercise / 
Career opportunities in the retail and wholesale industry / 
Test scoring / 
Rubbish! : the archaeology of garbage / 
Tetsuya : recipes from Australia's most acclaimed chef / 
Glazes cone 6 : 1240⁰c/2264⁰f / 
Modern therapeutics in rheumatic diseases / 
A fortune-teller told me : earthbound travels in the Far East / 
Allergy relief & prevention / 
Fault detectability in DWDM : toward higher signal quality & system reliability / 
Mesozoic vertebrate life / 
Hedda Gabler / 
Anthropologizing Sri Lanka : a eurocentric misadventure / 
Traps : African American men on gender and sexuality / 
Amazing graces : blessings to season your meals / 
The book of pirates / 
Pioneer ancestors of members of the Society of Indiana Pioneers, 1983-1999 / 
Where do you sleep, little one? / 
It's a hummingbird's life / 
The painter of birds / 
The lake / 
Presidents : a biographical dictionary / 
The turtle and the hippopotamus / 
Game in season : the Orvis cookbook / 
Videoconferencing for the real world : implementing effective visual communications systems / 
The craft of La Fontaine / 
Claremont tales / 
In the wake of the plague : the Black Death and the world it made / 
Bertrand Russell : the ghost of madness, 1921-1970 / 
Mass media, politics, and society in the Middle East / 
Public opinion and democracy : vox populi-vox Dei? / 
Adopting inflation targeting : practical issues for emerging market countries / 
Kahuna of light : the world of Hawaiian spirituality / 
The graduate recruitment manual / 
Introduction to international business / 
Corporate finance : principles & practice / 
Family environment and intellectual functioning : a life-span perspective / 
A living faith : an historical and comparative study of Quaker beliefs / 
School power : study skill strategies for succeeding in school / 
Playing smart : the family guide to enriching, offbeat learning activities for ages 4-14 / 
Now, discover your strengths / 
Horror / 
Stories for an enchanted afternoon / 
The kids got smarter : case studies of successful Comer schools / 
Dogged persistence / 
The FreeBSD corporate networker's guide / 
Dictionary of food ingredients / 
Criminal law : examples and explanations / 
Canonical Sobolev projections of weak type (1,1) / 
Resolving Markov chains onto Bernoulli shifts via positive polynomials / 
Graded simple Jordan superalgebras of growth one / 
Joint hyponormality of Toeplitz pairs / 
A gentleman's game / 
Out of the box : the reinvention of art, 1965-1975 / 
Phoebe's best best friend / 
The health & safety guide for film, TV, & theater / 
A tutorial guide to AutoCAD 2000 / 
Evidence : examples and explanations / 
Problems, cases, and materials on evidence / 
Under the mink : a novel / 
Son of the sword / 
Onyx / 
Juvenile delinquency : a sociological approach / 
Zen cats / 
The good dog / 
The economics of European integration : theory, practice, policy / 
Policy and pragmatism in the conflict of laws / 
Corporate taxation : examples and explanations / 
Rafi's search for the Torah Munching Monster / 
Securities regulation : cases and materials / 
Between gay and straight : understanding friendship across sexual orientation / 
Comprehensive criminal procedure / 
Criminal law and its processes : cases and materials / 
Constitutional law--individual rights : examples and explanations / 
Constitutional law--national power and federalism : examples and explanations / 
Journey to Portugal : in pursuit of Portugal's history and culture / 
Chicken soup for the teenage soul letters : letters of life, love, and learning / 
Ethnoarchaeology of Andean South America : contributions to archaeological method and theory / 
Systems for change in literacy education : a guide to professional development / 
When Johnny went marching : young Americans fight the Civil War / 
The one that got away : an Emma Price mystery / 
Lost in the mirror : an inside look at borderline personality disorder / 
The White architects of Black education : ideology and power in America, 1865-1954 / 
Japan, the toothless tiger / 
Bernie Magruder and the case of the big stink / 
Lady of the Moor / 
The glittering lights / 
Kerry / 
Irish eyes : a Nuala Anne McGrail novel / 
A season of angels / 
The guns of Stingaree : a Shawn Starbuck Western / 
Under the knife / 
Nurse Autumn's secret love / 
Shadow acres / 
Adoptions today : questions and controversies / 
To teach : the journey of a teacher / 
Of birds and Texas / 
Under Satan's sun / 
Fragments of a myth : modern poems on ancient themes / 
Mr. Skylark : John Bennett and the Charleston renaissance / 
American diaspora : poetry of displacement / 
A comparison of the African-American presence in an earlier and later American history textbook / 
City watch : discovering the uncommon Chicago / 
The penultimate suitor : poems / 
Travels with Joe, 1917-1993 : the life story of a historian from Texas / 
How race is lived in America : pulling together, pulling apart / 
To touch a wild dolphin / 
How we see God and why it matters : a multicultural view through children's drawings and stories / 
The sources of violence in America and their consequences for law enforcement / 
Enemies of the country : new perspectives on Unionists in the Civil War South / 
The downstream extremity of the Isle of Swans : poems / 
The Gauguin answer sheet : poems / 
Beyond Atlanta : the struggle for racial equality in Georgia, 1940-1980 / 
Fate of the wild : the Endangered Species Act and the future of biodiversity / 
Laborers in the vineyard of the Lord : the beginnings of the AME Church in Florida, 1865-1895 / 
The Dublin helix : the life of language in Joyce's Ulysses / 
The politics of language in Puerto Rico / 
Daughters of Abraham : feminist thought in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam / 
Marriage contracts from Chaucer to the Renaissance stage / 
African feminist fiction and indigenous values / 
Women in Argentina : early travel narratives / 
Research in special education : designs, methods, and applications / 
The veil unveiled : the hijab in modern culture / 
Building skin-on-frame boats : building on a ten-thousand year tradition / 
Finding colonial Americas : essays honoring J.A. Leo Lemay / 
Bel canto : a novel / 
The teacher's idea book. 5, Making the most of plan-do-review / 
St. Louis : the evolution of an American urban landscape / 
Migration, transnationalization, and race in a changing New York / 
Mapping gay L.A. : the intersection of place and politics / 
International distribution law / 
International project finance / 
Challenging human rights violations : using international law in U.S. courts / 
Equitable law of contracts : standards and principles / 
Gutsy women : more travel tips and wisdom for the road / 
The way of the wanderer : discover your true self through travel / 
Travelers' tales, American Southwest : Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada, and Utah : true stories / 
Mexico / 
Leadership is common sense / 
The four hills of life : Northern Arapaho knowledge and life movement / 
Interpreting culture : rethinking method and truth in social theory / 
Readers theatre for American history / 
Uncivil war : intellectuals and identity politics during the decolonization of Algeria / 
Advances in the evolutionary synthesis of intelligent agents / 
The allure of hope : God's pursuit of a woman's heart / 
Video display engineering / 
Interpreting educational research : an introduction for consumers of research / 
The human experience of time : the development of its philosophic meaning / 
Cosmatesque ornament : flat polychrome geometric patterns in architecture / 
The essential America / 
Narrow road to the deep north : a journey into the interior of Alaska / 
The handbook of mortgage-backed securities / 
Fundamentals of the bond market / 
Chapter 13 bankruptcy : repay your debts / 
James Martin : art rustler at the Rivoli / 
Ella Fitzgerald : an annotated discography : including a complete discography of Chick Webb / 
Shoplifting : a social history / 
Creative destruction : business survival strategies in the global Internet economy / 
Open heavens / 
Victorious warfare : discovering your rightful place in God's kingdom / 
An investigation of the relationship between social studies teachers' beliefs and practice / 
Bakhtinian theory in Japanese studies / 
Environmental design for reclaiming surface mines / 
Dalton Trumbo, Hollywood rebel : a critical survey and filmography / 
Under the circumstances : a woman's guide to a surrendered heart / 
A mind so rare : the evolution of human consciousness / 
The price of motherhood : why the most important job in the world is still the least valued / 
My pet / 
California tenants' rights / 
How to file for chapter 7 bankruptcy / 
Literature and the writing process / 
Accounting and taxation for paralegals / 
Adult development and aging / 
Star tunes : celebrities reveal the top ten albums they can't live without / 
Bright minds, poor grades / 
Period costume for stage & screen. Patterns for outer garments / 
Regulating tobacco / 
Muffler man / 
Wittgenstein in America / 
Dancing Miranda / 
Magda's piñata magic / 
The convergence of theology : a festschrift honoring Gerald O'Collins, S.J. / 
The Alfred summer / 
My ears are bent / 
Mastering Simulink 4 / 
Introductory DC/AC electronics / 
Dementia : management of behavioural and psychological symptoms / 
Asset pricing / 
A land remembered : a novel / 
Parental advisory : music censorship in America / 
Feminist perspectives on environment and society / 
The Irish wine trilogy / 
Christmas in prose and verse : its origin, celebration and significance / 
Depression after childbirth : how to recognize, treat, and prevent postnatal depression / 
An introduction to the philosophy of mind / 
Society : the basics / 
AutoCAD for success : using AutoCAD 2000 and AutoCAD 2000i / 
Evolutionary ecology : concepts and case studies / 
The implosion of American federalism / 
Theater of disorder : patients, doctors, and the construction of illness  / 
Social identity, intergroup conflict, and conflict reduction / 
Director 8 primer / 
Tuning and sizing Windows 2000 for maximum performance / 
Integrating Linux and Windows / 
Issues in American political life : money, violence, and biology / 
Introduction to electricity, electronics, and electromagnetics / 
Applied statistics in the pharmaceutical industry : with case studies using S-Plus / 
Perception of the visual environment / 
Seasonal adjustment with the X-11 Method / 
Panoramic vision : sensors, theory, and applications / 
Harmonic function theory / 
Principles of random walk / 
Functional analysis and infinite-dimensional geometry / 
Nonlinear analysis of thin-walled structures : statics, dynamics, and stability / 
Pancreatic cancer / 
Algebraic graph theory / 
Nerve cells and nervous systems : an introduction to neuroscience / 
Voice treatment for children and adolescents / 
Romance of flowers / 
Modern management of cancer of the rectum / 
Theories of imperfectly competitive markets / 
Extended irreversible thermodynamics / 
Quality in chemical measurements : training concepts and teaching materials / 
Two-hour window treatments / 
Dime store decorating : using flea market finds with style / 
Decorate rich : creating a fabulous look for less / 
The art of woodburning : 30 useful & decorative projects / 
Wedding decorations on a budget / 
The Georgia coast : waterways & islands / 
Grant / 
Rational psychology : a posthumous work written in 1742 / 
Joy and the objects of psychoanalysis : literature, belief, and neurosis / 
Atlas of otologic surgery / 
On call : obstetrics and gynecology / 
Maxine yelling it like it is : a fine whine with the queen of attitude / 
Mathematical methods in image reconstruction / 
Advances in the control of nonlinear systems / 
The life of Shabkar : the autobiography of a Tibetan yogin / 
Rewriting : postmodern narrative and cultural critique in the age of cloning / 
The metamorphoses / 
Your older dog : a complete guide to help your dog live a longer and healthier life / 
Whose baseball? : the national pastime and cultural diversity in California, 1859-1941 / 
Narrative gerontology : theory, research, and practice / 
Praying as Jesus taught us : meditations on the Our Father / 
Marketing / 
Get a God! : more conversations with Coyote / 
Opposites / 
The wonder of koalas / 
The wonder of cheetahs / 
Colors / 
Astonishing but true golf facts / 
Money order : the money management guide for women / 
Fundamentals of organizational behavior / 
The XXVI Olympiad : Atlanta 1996, Nagano 1998 / 
Customized corneal ablation : the quest for superVision / 
At-risk students defy the odds : overcoming barriers to educational success / 
Carry me home : Birmingham, Alabama, the climactic battle of the civil rights revolution / 
Understanding narrative therapy : a guidebook for the social worker / 
Computability and complexity theory / 
Ragged dicks : masculinity, steel, and the rhetoric of the self-made man / 
The Christian and Missionary Alliance : an annotated bibliography of textual sources / 
The basic book of the Eucharist / 
Are not our lowing heifers sleeker than night-swollen mushrooms? / 
Pennsylvania snacks : a guide to food factory tours / 
Complex semisimple Lie algebras / 
Window on the Seine / 
Last of the breed / 
The case of the sun bather's diary / 
Professional pilot / 
The woodburner's companion : practical ways of heating with wood / 
Environmental crimes and corporate responsibility : a legal research guide / 
Grandparent visitation rights : a legal research guide / 
Coffee cup friendship & cheesecake fun / 
The gunmaster / 
The happy valley / 
A distance of ground : a western story / 
A killing in Kiowa / 
Wiley's move / 
Marrying Maddy / 
Black mass : the Irish mob, the FBI, and a devil's deal / 
Kitchen table wisdom : stories that heal / 
Wireless video communications : second to  third generation systems and beyond / 
Spookier than a ghost / 
The last Grail keeper / 
Teaching martial arts for fitness and fun : a noncontact approach for young people / 
Classics in movement science / 
Contemporary issues in sociology of sport / 
The Harvard guide to African-American history / 
Revealing the universe : the making of the Chandra X-ray Observatory / 
Publishing and the law : current legal issues / 
Electronic collection management / 
Ariel : internet transmission software for document delivery / 
Working with children on the streets of Brazil : politics and practice / 
Possessed by God : a New Testament theology of sanctification and holiness / 
Java 2 in plain English / 
Vegetarian classics : 300 essential recipes for every course and every meal / 
Sharpe's Trafalgar : Richard Sharpe and the Battle of Trafalgar, October 21, 1805 / 
Going to war in ancient Egypt / 
Exploration of Mars / 
Foundations for microwave engineering / 
Discourse on method, Optics, Geometry, and Meteorology / 
The pearl of Orr's Island : a story of the coast of Maine / 
Highwire moon : a novel / 
The far field : a novel of Ceylon / 
Woven on the wind : women write about friendship in the sagebrush West / 
Orphan trains : the story of Charles Loring Brace and the children he saved and failed / 
Desertion : in the time of Vietnam / 
Taylor's guide to bulbs : how to select and grow 480 species of spring and summer bulbs / 
The seven sins of memory : how the mind forgets and remembers / 
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal / 
The court of common pleas / 
The Ex-Im Bank in the 21st century : a new approach? / 
New regional trading arrangements in the Asia Pacific? / 
A traveller's history of Canada / 
Primary and secondary preventive nutrition / 
Information modeling in the new millennium / 
Garden decorating : accents for outdoors / 
News is people : the rise of local TV news and the fall of news from New York / 
Flow visualization : techniques and examples / 
In search of Moby Dick : quest for the white whale / 
Message of love / 
Muscular dystrophy : methods and protocols / 
E-stocks : finding the hidden blue chips among the Internet impostors / 
Grow younger, live longer : 10 steps to reverse aging / 
The artist's wife : a novel / 
Knowledge management and business model innovation / 
Knowing the past : philosophical issues of history and archaeology / 
The Bach family and the keyboard concerto : the evolution of a genre / 
The physical principles of magnetism / 
How to win over worry / 
Our virtual world : the transformation of work, play, and life via technology / 
Functional dog training / 
The misunderstood gene / 
Beyond boundaries : cyberspace in Africa / 
The queen's conjurer : the science and magic of Dr. John Dee, adviser to Queen Elizabeth I / 
Double down : reflections on gambling and loss / 
Mermaids explained : poems / 
The other statue / 
The secret scroll / 
Slaves of the Mastery / 
Bill Nye the science guy's great big dinosaur dig / 
Cast your net : a step-by-step guide to finding your soulmate on the internet / 
Dallas Willard's study guide to The divine conspiracy / 
Winnie (dancing) on her own / 
Creative coaching / 
Lives of the saints : from Mary and St. Francis of Assisi to John XXIII and Mother Teresa / 
Ghosts of Manila : the fateful blood feud between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier / 
A visionary nation : four centuries of the American dream and what lies ahead / 
A different drummer : my thirty years with Ronald Reagan / 
Thyroid power : ten steps to total health / 
Silent Joe / 
Pearl Harbor / 
Possum Hollow / 
Black rice : the African origins of rice cultivation in the Americas / 
The uses of the university / 
Economic sentiments : Adam Smith, Condorcet, and the Enlightenment / 
Minamata : pollution and the struggle for democracy in postwar Japan / 
The HR scorecard : linking people, strategy, and performance / 
Place to space : migrating to ebusiness models / 
Heavenly mail : words of encouragement from God : a special delivery of God's refreshing love / 
Heavenly mail : words of promise from God : a special delivery of God's refreshing love / 
Soulcatcher and other stories / 
Intelligent technologies in library and information service applications / 
Companion to Heidegger's Contributions to philosophy / 
Veterinary pharmacology and therapeutics / 
The best friends staff : building a culture of care in Alzheimer's programs / 
The bondage breaker youth edition / 
Dizzy & Jimmy : my life with James Dean : a love story / 
Information technology evaluation methods and management / 
Online investing bible / 
Guide to regional ruminant anatomy based on the dissection of the goat / 
Viral diseases of cattle / 
Count down to clean up! / 
I live in Tokyo / 
Jessie's expecting / 
1984 : a novel / 
Raffling Ryan / 
Off camera : private thoughts made public / 
Space clearing A-Z : how to use Feng Shui to purify and bless your home / 
Religious revivals in Britain and Ireland, 1859-1905 / 
If there would be no light : poems from by heart / 
Star struck : one thousand years of the art and science of astronomy / 
"A" is for alibi / 
The race of the Birkebeiners / 
Assisted fertilization and nuclear transfer in mammals / 
Diabetes and cardiovascular disease / 
Cancer screening : a practical guide for physicians / 
Primary hematology / 
Ion channel localization methods and protocols / 
Articulated ladies : gender and the male community in early Chinese texts / 
Toxic plants of North America / 
Juventino Rosas : his life, his work, his time / 
Learning new languages : a guide to second language acquisition / 
Abortion : the Supreme Court decisions, 1965-2000 / 
Soul mending : the art of spiritual direction / 
Defending Andy : one mother's fight to save her son from cancer and the insurance industry / 
Stories from below the poverty line : urban lessons for today's mission / 
MCSE consulting bible / 
Macworld Microsoft Office 2001 bible / 
MySQL/PHP database applications / 
Sir Vidia's shadow : a friendship across five continents / 
Great Christian thinkers : a beginner's guide to over 70 leading theologians through the ages / 
Fissures in the mediascape : an international study of citizens' media / 
Nowhere to call home / 
Anna all year round / 
Amandine / 
Penny Lee and her TV / 
Northern passage : American Vietnam War resisters in Canada / 
Twilight of the literary : figures of thought in the age of print / 
Legend and belief : dialectics of a folklore genre / 
The ethics of managed care : a pragmatic approach / 
Coaching golf successfully / 
Complete conditioning for martial arts / 
Two-hybrid systems : methods and protocols / 
World capital markets : challenge to the G-10 / 
Doctors cry, too : essays from the heart of a physician / 
B2B exchanges : the killer application in the business-to-business internet revolution / 
Harper's moon / 
Eyewitness to power : the essence of leadership Nixon to Clinton / 
Sugar plum dead : a death on demand mystery / 
The road to Appomattox / 
Gun law at Vermillion / 
Amazing Gracie : a dog's tale / 
The Devil's code / 
Bonita Faye / 
Listen to the shadows : a novel / 
Jackie style / 
Betsy who cried wolf / 
One-- two-- three-- Sassafras! / 
Bigger, better, best! / 
Grannie and the Jumbie  : a Caribbean tale / 
Mission to Mars / 
Slap your sides : a novel / 
Damage / 
From seed to pumpkin / 
The mysterious matter of I.M. Fine / 
Henry the Christmas cat / 
Liberty or death : the American Revolution, 1763-1783 / 
Flight of the raven / 
The multigenre research paper : voice, passion, and discovery in grades 4-6 / 
Between worlds : access to second language acquisition / 
Put to the test : tools and techniques for classroom assessment / 
Pursuing professional development : the self as source / 
Reflections from a woman alone : a lighthearted look at a journey toward wholeness / 
In the shadows of the net : breaking free of compulsive online sexual behavior / 
A biography of Mrs. Marty Mann : the first lady of Alcoholics Anonymous / 
The spiritual traveler : New York City : the guide to sacred spaces and peaceful places / 
Brothers in valor : a story of resistance / 
Suspect identities : a history of fingerprinting and criminal identification / 
Napalm & silly putty / 
Lit from within : tending your soul for lifelong beauty / 
Flash 5 weekend crash course / 
Responding to anger : a workbook / 
Bunny day : telling time from breakfast to bedtime / 
Sluggers' car wash / 
Little Squarehead / 
What if -- / 
The memory verse Bible storybook / 
Irving and Muktuk : two bad bears / 
When writers read / 
Rethinking phonics : making the best teaching decisions / 
CliffsAP chemistry / 
Pocket PC handbook / 
Active server pages 3 weekend crash course / 
Irish classics / 
Living narrative : creating lives in everyday storytelling / 
Polar bears / 
Albert Gleizes : for and against the twentieth century / 
The art of ceramics : European ceramic design, 1500-1830 / 
Emperor Maximilian II / 
Swallowing the river Ganges : a practice guide to the path of purification / 
Describing the indescribable : a commentary on the Diamond Sutra / 
The Westminster collection of Christian quotations / 
The social gospel today / 
Love songs : wisdom from Saint Bernard of Clairvaux / 
Shattered dreams : God's unexpected pathway to joy / 
Understanding injection mold design / 
High level synthesis of pipelined datapaths 
From Adam Smith to Michael Porter : evolution of competitiveness theory / 
Caught in the middle : nonstandard kids and a killing curriculum / 
Supporting young learners 3 : ideas for child care providers and teachers / 
The source : creation-- eternal design or infinite accident? / 
The whole story : crafting fiction in the upper elementary grades / 
Cruising the Chesapeake : a gunkholer's guide / 
Alice Schille / 
Fairfield Porter : a catalogue raisonné of the paintings, watercolors, and pastels / 
Dad was a carpenter : a father, a son, and the blueprints for a meaningful life / 
Moses Hess and modern Jewish identity / 
Ahead of the curve? : UN ideas and global challenges / 
Adam's contract with Satan : the legend of the cheirograph of Adam / 
DNA-protein interactions : principles and protocols / 
Bronchial asthma : principles of diagnosis and treatment / 
Nigel Calder's cruising handbook : a compendium for coastal and offshore sailors / 
The book of Jewish cooking / 
Rosewood's ashes : a Tory Travers/David Alvarez mystery / 
The young person's guide to the opera : with music from the great operas on CD / 
Text databases and document management : theory and practice / 
Data mining and business intelligence : a guide to productivity / 
Human computer interaction : issues and challenges / 
Reengineering the corporation : a manifesto for business revolution / 
Goodnight, Hattie, my dearie, my dove / 
The other side of truth / 
No apparent danger : the true story of volcanic disaster at Galeras and Nevado del Ruiz / 
Real magic : creating miracles in everyday life / 
Your sacred self : making the decision to be free / 
The maze and the warrior : symbols in architecture, theology, and music / 
Writing margins : the textual construction of gender in Heian and Kamakura Japan / 
Writing in the elementary classroom : a reconsideration / 
Social studies excursions, K-3 / 
Chance in the house of fate : a natural history of heredity / 
Sheba : through the desert in search of the legendary queen / 
Beyond innocence : an autobiography in letters : the later years / 
Hotel Honolulu / 
Dupont Circle : a novel / 
Portrait in sepia : a novel / 
About the author : a novel / 
In defense of truth : a pluralistic approach / 
Glow : a prescription for radiant health and beauty / 
India at the crossroads : sustaining growth and reducing poverty / 
The arts of deception : playing with fraud in the age of Barnum / 
Every good and perfect gift : a novel / 
Corps business : the 30 management principles of the U.S. Marines / 
Strategies for managing computer software upgrades / 
Dogs : a startling new understanding of canine origin, behavior, and evolution / 
Fly tier's handbook / 
Witness / 
Falling stars : a guide to meteors and meteorites / 
Clifford's happy Mother's Day / 
The secret of poetry : essays / 
Going away party : a novel / 
Polarised light in science and nature / 
Minimally invasive medical technology / 
Agriculture and modern technology : a defense / 
Softball skills & drills / 
What labs love / 
Perhaps she'll die : a Chantalene mystery / 
Global news : perspectives on the information age / 
Military resumes and cover letters / 
Qualitative research : applications in organizational life / 
The Muslim Jesus : sayings and stories in Islamic literature / 
Flash 5 cartooning / 
The end of globalization : lessons from the Great Depression / 
A day for Vincent Chin and me / 
Discover the best jobs for you / 
The Littlest Pumpkin / 
Kilroy was here : the best American humor from World War II / 
116 ways to spoil your dog / 
A woman's touch : the fingerprints you leave behind / 
A book of courtesy : the art of living with yourself and others / 
Dramatic literacy : using drama and literature to teach middle-level content / 
Sickness or sin : spiritual discernment and differential diagnosis / 
Fire / 
Cone Kong : the scary ice cream giant / 
Water / 
The land of Cockaigne : poems / 
Fragments from forests and libraries : a collection of essays / 
The Cambridge companion to writing of the English Revolution / 
Kŏri : the Beacon anthology of Korean American fiction / 
Engineering project appraisal : the evaluation of alternative development schemes / 
Communicable disease control handbook / 
Practical plastic surgery for nonsurgeons / 
Hydrosols : the next aromatherapy / 
Past sorrows and coming attractions / 
42 days to feeling great / 
Thursday's child / 
What is the Trinity? / 
Accelerated stress testing handbook : guide for achieving quality products / 
Qualitative research in IS : issues and trends / 
Calibration in the pharmaceutical laboratory / 
Developing quality complex database systems : practices, techniques, and technologies / 
Wheat policy reform in Egypt : adjustment of local markets and options for future reforms / 
Chuang-tzŭ : the inner chapters / 
My lucky star / 
Delta wedding / 
Three guineas / 
Just for fun : the story of an accidental revolutionary / 
The HarperCollins illustrated medical dictionary / 
Sounder / 
Neuromuscular aspects of physical activity / 
Behavior and medicine / 
The market in Chinese social policy / 
England through colonial eyes in twentieth-century fiction / 
A history of Central European women's writing / 
Literature and censorship in Renaissance England / 
Cybersex exposed : simple fantasy or obsession? / 
Love's way : the union of body, ego, soul, and spirit / 
Journey : from political activism to the work / 
The way of failure : winning through losing / 
Nobody, son of nobody / 
Women called to the path of Rumi  : the way of the whirling dervish / 
The alphabet soup of television rating programs : (Y-G-PG-V-S-D-14-FV-MA-7-L) / 
Creating conversations : improvisation in everyday discourse / 
New worlds, new words : exploring pathways for writing about and in electronic environments / 
The education of Laura Bridgman : first deaf and blind person to learn language / 
The second creation : Dolly and the age of biological control / 
Heaven below : early Pentecostals and American culture / 
Research collections and digital information / 
Law librarians abroad / 
Statutes compared : a U.S., Canadian, multinational research guide to statutes by subject / 
The dying animal / 
Treat / 
Spinal imaging / 
USMLE step 2 mock exam / 
I stink! / 
Night of the living gerbil / 
Winter moon / 
Autumn moon / 
Love that dog / 
Echo / 
On the guard II : the YMCA lifeguard manual / 
Judo techniques & tactics / 
Lactate threshold training / 
Juggling : from start to star / 
Swim, bike, run / 
The young athlete's handbook / 
The swim coaching bible / 
Apollo's legacy : the Hellenic torch in America at the dawn of the new millennium / 
Time travel in Einstein's universe : the physical possibilities of travel through time / 
Feeling in theory : emotion after the "death of the subject" / 
Slovakia : from Samo to Dzurinda / 
Day of infamy / 
Balsamic dreams : a short but self-important history of the baby boomer generation / 
Richard Wright : the life and times / 
A trail to Wounded Knee : a Western story / 
Lone rider from Texas : western stories / 
Born to the brand : western stories / 
The welding quirt : a western trio / 
Changing trains : a Western story / 
Gateway house : a western story / 
Tracks in the sand : Western stories / 
The Martin years : Norfolk will always remember Roy / 
Pride, prejudice, and Jasmin Field / 
A theory of relativity / 
The prenatal prescription / 
The story of Buddhism : a concise guide to its history and teachings / 
Home office handbook / 
Religion, identity & politics : essays on Bangladesh / 
Introduction to documentary / 
The infant's world / 
The attention economy : understanding the new currency of business / 
Mind & muscle / 
Food policy reforms in Central Asia : setting the research priorities / 
GI/liver secrets / 
Foot and lower extremity anatomy to color and study / 
Retroviral immunology : immune response and restoration / 
Legal reasoning and legal writing : structure, strategy, and style / 
Signs in the sky : the astrological & archaeological evidence for the birth of a new age / 
Proclaiming the Gospel in a secular age : a general theory of religious communication / 
Faith and beauty : a theological aesthetic / 
ASME engineer's data book / 
The Wiki way : quick collaboration on the Web / 
At Ellis Island : a history in many voices / 
Fireflies at midnight / 
Tarantulas / 
Pot bellied pigs / 
Ferrets / 
Box turtles / 
Boa constrictors / 
John Stuart Mill and freedom of expression : the genesis of a theory / 
Psychoanalysis and performance / 
A teacher's guide to anger management / 
Effective LEAS and school improvement : making a difference / 
Pregnancy / 
Stress & depression / 
Waste, recycling, and reuse : our impact on the planet / 
From kitten to cat / 
From puppy to dog / 
Horses / 
The Bay of Angels : a novel / 
Concord and reform : Nicholas of Cusa and legal and political thought in the fifteenth century / 
The diplomacies of new small states : the case of Slovenia with some comparison from the Baltics / 
Economics for the twenty-first century : the economics of the economist-fox / 
Transport policy and research : what future? / 
European neonatal research : consent, ethics committees and law / 
Intermediate algebra through modeling and visualization / 
Dealing with the dragon : a year in the new Hong Kong / 
Underwater investigations : 
Standard guidelines for artificial recharge of ground water / 
Chinese opera / 
Geometry of characteristic classes / 
The Raymond Chandler papers : selected letters and non-fiction, 1909-1959 / 
Your call is waiting : how to recognize God's purpose for your life / 
A cat in the stable / 
Olives / 
Oranges / 
Spices / 
Peanuts / 
Rice / 
Terrorism : an investigator's handbook / 
Modeling XML applications with UML : practical e-business aplications / 
Allan Ramsay and the search for Horace's villa / 
The national question in Nigeria : comparative perspectives / 
Protecting intimidated witnesses / 
Hello Kitty, hello color / 
The free trade area of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa / 
Essays on Tang and pre-Tang China / 
Designing exhibitions : museums, heritage, trade and world fairs / 
Social work in oncology : supporting survivors, families, and caregivers / 
Privity : private justice or public regulation / 
Parliamentary democracy : is there a perfect model? / 
The cure for soul fatigue : spiritual healing for the worn out, stressed out, and burned out / 
Thich Nhat Hanh : essential writings / 
Blessings and prayers for little bears / 
One sky above us / 
Skeleton man / 
Introduction to criminal justice / 
Restoring justice / 
Taxing culture : towards a theory of tax collection law / 
Money and schools / 
The computer videomaker handbook : a comprehensive guide to making video / 
Euclid's window : the story of geometry from parallel lines to hyperspace / 
Act of God, active God : recovering from natural disasters / 
Earth habitat : eco-injustice and the church's response / 
Resistance and obedience to God : memoirs of David Ferris (1707-1779) / 
Optical mapping of cardiac excitation and arrhythmias / 
Prejudiced communication : a social psychological perspective / 
Turboexpanders and process applications / 
New developments and techniques in structural equation modeling / 
Organizational behavior : a management challenge / 
Getting your life back : the complete guide to recovery from depression / 
Goya / 
Maya / 
China / 
Rome / 
Greece / 
Work and unseen chronic illness : silent voices / 
Imperial Russia : 1801-1905 / 
Closure : a story of everything / 
Imperialism in Southeast Asia : a fleeting passing phase / 
Human reproduction at a glance / 
Death on the Downs : a Fethering mystery / 
Alcibiades / 
The game : one man, nine innings, a love affair with baseball / 
The crossing : the glorious tragedy of the first man to swim the English channel / 
Tao te ching : the definitive edition / 
Economic life in the modern age / 
Recent health policy innovations in social security / 
Wittgenstein's Vienna revisited / 
Political philosophy and cultural renewal : collected essays / 
Activating the unemployed : a comparative appraisal of work-oriented policies / 
The subjection of women / 
Collective reflexology : the complete edition / 
Song of the cicadas / 
Walking blues : making Americans from Emerson to Elvis / 
Inside Greenwich Village : a New York City neighborhood, 1898-1918 / 
I thought my father was God and other true tales from NPR's National Story Project / 
Borrowed finery : a memoir / 
Equinox / 
Ghost soldier / 
Trouble on the tracks / 
The environmental legacy of military operations / 
Japanese law in context : readings in society, the economy, and politics / 
Total baseball trivia / 
About 80 percent luck : a novel / 
Hispanic education in the United States : raíces y alas / 
Philosophy and the problems of work : a reader / 
Contentious Europeans : protest and politics in an emerging polity / 
Community as healing : pragmatist ethics in medical encounters / 
The feminist classroom : dynamics of gender, race, and privilege / 
Class, networks, and identity : replanting Jewish lives from Nazi Germany to rural New York / 
The nature of intrinsic value / 
Beyond the corporate university : culture and pedagogy in the new millennium / 
The ethics of kinship : ethnographic inquiries / 
How to read T.F. Torrance : understanding his Trinitarian & scientific theology / 
The race set before us : a biblical theology of perseverance & assurance / 
Care for the soul : exploring the intersection of psychology & theology / 
Portraits of God : a biblical theology of holiness / 
No place for abuse : biblical & practical resources to counteract domestic violence / 
Seeking God's hidden face : when God seems absent / 
How blind is the watchmaker? : nature's design & the limits of naturalistic science / 
Ecclesiastes : ancient wisdom when all else fails : a new translation & interpretive paraphrase / 
One God clapping : the spiritual path of a Zen rabbi / 
When corporations rule the world / 
Mainstreaming microfinance : how lending to the poor began, grew, and came of age in Bolivia / 
I beheld a maiden-- : the Baha'i Faith and the life of the Spirit / 
Planning and control of land development : cases and materials / 
Commercial real estate transactions : a project and skills oriented approach / 
Dr. Carolyn Dean's natural prescriptions for common ailments / 
The spiritual teachings of Ralph Waldo Emerson / 
The hero / 
A heart of stone / 
The women of Troy Hill : the back-fence virtues of faith and friendship / 
Headwind / 
Broken wagon / 
Molly and the railroad tycoon / 
The distant vengeance / 
Backstage at the Dean Martin show / 
Wednesday witness / 
Thursday trials / 
Saturday scare / 
Friday flight / 
Blessings every day : 365 simple devotions for the very young / 
Out of the shadows / 
Mishima : a vision of the void / 
90⁰ in the shade / 
Fallout : a novel / 
Elvis in the morning / 
The secret of the soul : using out-of-body experiences to understand our true nature / 
Drug addiction and drug policy : the struggle to control dependence / 
The mummy congress : science, obsession, and the everlasting dead / 
Special agent : my life on the front lines as a woman in the FBI / 
The second wave : southern industrialization from the 1940s to the 1970s / 
Crazy visitation : a chronicle of illness and recovery / 
How can I fix it? : finding solutions and managing dilemmas : an educator's road map / 
Learning and not learning English : Latino students in American schools / 
Polyeideia : the Iambi of Callimachus and the archaic Iambic tradition / 
Zapata lives! : histories and cultural politics in southern Mexico / 
Illustrating Asia : comics, humor magazines, and picture books / 
The West New Guinea debacle : Dutch decolonisation and Indonesia, 1945-1962 / 
Japan and greater China : political economy and military power in the Asian century / 
Teachers caught in the action : professional development that matters / 
Louisa May Alcott : selected fiction / 
Finding each other in Judaism : meditations on the rites of passage from birth to immortality / 
Building hospital palliative care programs : lessons from the field / 
When the railroad leaves town : American communities in the age of rail line abandonment / 
City and nation : rethinking place and identity / 
Gig : Americans talk about their jobs / 
American Indians : answers to today's questions / 
Essentials of audiology / 
An evolving dialogue : theological and scientific perspectives on evolution / 
Fascism and communism / 
Modern American queer history / 
The major novels of Susan Glaspell / 
Bonds of enterprise : John Murray Forbes and western development in America's railway age / 
Dialogues in the philosophy of religion / 
Labour in crisis : Clement Attlee and the Labour Party in opposition, 1931-40 / 
Money and the end of empire : British international economic policy and the colonies, 1947-58 / 
The sensation novel and the Victorian family magazine / 
A.S. Byatt : art, authorship, creativity / 
Single parents and child welfare in the new Russia / 
Perspectives on the Indian corporate economy : exploring the paradox of profits / 
Virginia Woolf and fascism : resisting the dictators' seduction / 
The literature of the Great War reconsidered : beyond modern memory / 
Community, crime, and disorder : safety and regeneration in urban neighbourhoods / 
An introduction to the philosophy of mind / 
Social identities in revolutionary Russia / 
The Polish-Lithuanian monarchy in European context c. 1500-1795 / 
Hidden hands : working-class women and Victorian social-problem fiction / 
Dust Bowl, USA : Depression America and the ecological imagination, 1929-1941 / 
Clouds without rain : an Ohio Amish mystery / 
Art as image : prints and promotion in Cincinnati, Ohio / 
Shamans through time : 500 years on the path to knowledge / 
No more bad shots : shot by shot, round by round--a foolproof guide to better golf / 
Van Johnson : MGM's golden boy / 
You can write a memoir / 
The heart rate monitor workbook for indoor cyclists / 
Economies of the eastern Mediterranean region : economic miracles in the making / 
Be successful / 
Taking the high ground : military moments with God / 
Who are you, Mr. Grymek? / 
GSM : switching, services, and protocols / 
Strategic management of e-business / 
Analog & digital signal processing / 
Sociology / 
Physical geography : science and systems of the human environment / 
Litigation services handbook : the role of the financial expert / 
Multivariate permutation tests : with applications in biostatistics / 
Flash 5 interactivity and scripting / 
Programming the boundary element method : an introduction for engineers / 
The new investment superstars : 13 great investors and their strategies for superior returns / 
Getting started in investment clubs / 
The best websites for financial professionals, business appraisers, and accountants / 
E-business and ERP : rapid implementation and project planning / 
Welch : an American icon / 
The discipline of teams : a mindbook-workbook for delivering small group performance / 
Enterprise Java with UML / 
Basic studio lighting : the photographer's complete guide to professional techniques / 
Greg and Tim Hildebrandt, the Tolkien years / 
A pattern approach to interaction design / 
International marketing : consuming globally, thinking locally / 
The ISO 9000 quality system : applications in food and technology / 
Coming to term : a father's story of birth, loss, and survival / 
Contemporary international relations : frameworks for understanding / 
Sourcebook of labor markets : evolving structures and processes / 
Judaism and vegetarianism / 
Hemophilia care in the new millennium / 
Computational studies, nanotechnology, and solution thermodynamics of polymer systems / 
Active networks and active network management : a proactive management framework / 
Complete scattering experiments / 
The treatment of epilepsy : principles and practice / 
Plentiful redemption : an introduction to Alphonsian spirituality / 
The irreversible sequence : Paul's ethics : their foundation and present relevance / 
Books and their readers in eighteenth-century England : new essays / 
Sailing on the next tide : missions, missiology, and the Third Reich / 
American foreign policy : theoretical essays / 
2002, a book of grace-filled days / 
Corporate boards : strategies for adding value at the top / 
U.S. health law and policy, 2001 : a guide to the current literature / 
Crime stories and other writings / 
Novels, 1930-1942 / 
Novels, 1944-1962 / 
The SAS fighting techniques handbook / 
Windmill windup / 
To hear only thunder again : America's World War II veterans come home / 
Student's book of college English : rhetoric, readings, handbook / 
Imperial projections : ancient Rome in modern popular culture / 
Christian clergy in American politics / 
First responder : your first response in emergency care / 
Operating codes / 
Physical activity and bone health / 
Football nightmare / 
Fixed interval smoothing for state space models / 
The seismic design handbook / 
Market response models : econometric and time series analysis / 
The case of the monster in the creek / 
The southern woman : new and selected fiction / 
Tomorrow's energy : hydrogen, fuel cells, and the prospects for a cleaner planet / 
Lessons from a life coach / 
An integrated psychological and philosophical approach to justice : equity and desert / 
Symphonic program music and its literary sources / 
Psychological models of masculinity in Döblin, Musil, and Jahnn : Männliches, Allzumännliches / 
Ritual of proof / 
I wish I had a red dress : a novel / 
Dancing with the witchdoctor : one woman's stories of mystery and adventure in Africa / 
In a strange city / 
Integrative manual therapy, for the upper and lower extremities. volume II / 
Robinson Crusoe / 
The history of the Navy of the United States of America / 
Trading and hedging with agricultural futures and options / 
American foundations : an investigative history / 
My life as a cowboy cowpie / 
Durham's place names of northeastern California : includes Lassen, Modoc & Plumas counties / 
Durham's place names of Greater Los Angeles : includes Los Angeles, Orange and Ventura counties / 
Afro-Cuban religions / 
Code to zero / 
Classics of administrative ethics / 
Bike & brew America : Rocky Mountain Region / 
Adventure kayaking. Baja / 
The new citizenship : unconventional politics, activism, and service / 
White privilege : essential readings on the other side of racism / 
Fiction catalog / 
Spain betrayed : the Soviet Union in the Spanish Civil War / 
If-- questions for teens / 
Igniting King Philip's war : the John Sassamon murder trial / 
My first martial arts book : putting my shoes by the door, just so / 
Bird's-eye view  / 
Judgments, decisions, and public policy / 
The original manuscript of the Book of Mormon : typographical facsimile of the extant text / 
Religion explained : the evolutionary origins of religious thought / 
Social science methodology : a criterial framework / 
John's apologetic christology : legitimation and development in Johannine christology / 
The search for the secure base : attachment theory and psychotherapy / 
The absence of God : exploring the Christian tradition in a situation of mourning / 
Modal logic / 
Bears / 
Phonons in nanostructures / 
Harmonic maps between Riemannian polyhedra / 
Computational fluid dynamics / 
Mathematical modeling : case studies from industry / 
Modeling in materials processing / 
Noble gas geochemistry / 
Fitness planner for your dog / 
Fox terriers : everything about history, care, nutrition, handling, and behavior / 
An introduction to statistics / 
There's a spiritual solution to every problem / 
Access to credit and its impact on welfare in Malawi / 
Time to fly free : meditations for those who have left an abusive relationship / 
Rethinking the sociology of mental health / 
The American Midwest : essays on regional history / 
Cook & tell : no-fuss recipes and gourmet surprises / 
How to read a french fry : and other stories of intriguing kitchen science / 
Christmas is ... / 
Positive options for hiatus hernia : self-help and treatment / 
Coping with vision loss : maximizing what you can see and do / 
Camellias : 
The genetics of the dog / 
Brazen virtue / 
Ava's man / 
The fourth hand : a novel / 
A traitor to memory / 
Rise to rebellion / 
Leap of faith / 
Seven-up / 
Fury : a novel / 
Culture and conquest in Mongol Eurasia / 
Organic living in 10 simple lessons / 
Picasso's Les demoiselles d'Avignon / 
Machine dreams : economics becomes a cyborg science / 
High tech high touch : technology and our accelerated search for meaning / 
The soul of the new consumer : authenticity -- what we buy and why in the new economy / 
Minding the body : psychotherapy in cases of chronic and life-threatening illness / 
TGF-[beta] and related cytokines in inflammation / 
Managing plant genetic diversity / 
Earth and the moon / 
Entomology and pest management / 
Moral competence : an integrated approach to the study of ethics / 
Predictive control : with constraints / 
Supporting web servers / 
Multicultural jurisdictions : cultural differences and women's rights / 
Monetary regimes of the twentieth century / 
The promises of grace : living in the grip of God's love / 
Giving up the ghost : a Hollis Ball/Sam Wescott mystery / 
Learning and behavior / 
Consolation in Philippians : philosophical sources and rhetorical strategy / 
Essay on the origin of human knowledge / 
Tourism and the less developed world : issues and case studies / 
How do I love thee? : three stories / 
Just desserts : a bed-and-breakfast mystery / 
Bare barging in Burgundy : boating, exploring, wining & dining  / 
The early Neolithic in Greece : the first farming communities in Europe / 
The New Dealers' war : FDR and the war within World War II / 
Time is of the essence : temporality, gender, and the New Woman / 
People of the covenant : an invitation to the Old Testament / 
Songwriting : from ideas to royalties / 
Femicidal fears : narratives of the female gothic experience / 
Not one of them in place : modern poetry and Jewish American identity / 
The best advice ever for golfers / 
The story of Jane / 
Half-moon and empty stars : a novel / 
Chienne de guerre : a woman reporter behind the lines of the War in Chechnya / 
The origins of ecological economics : the bioeconomics of Georgescu-Roegen / 
Environmental physics / 
New forces at work in mining : industry views of critical technologies / 
America's trade follies : turning economic leadership into strategic weakness / 
Swamp doctor : the diary of a Union surgeon in the Virginia and North Carolina marshes / 
Bodie gone / 
Counterpublics and the state / 
Articles of war : winners, losers, and some who were both in the Civil War / 
Clashes of cavalry : the Civil War careers of George Armstrong Custer and Jeb Stuart / 
The Home Depot. Big book of tools / 
Home Depot. Build your own toolbox 1-2-3 / 
Beyond counterfeit reforms : forging an authentic future for all learners / 
Ancient encounters : Kennewick Man and the first Americans / 
The silent war : the Cold War battle beneath the sea / 
Juniper tree burning : a novel / 
Introduction to algebraic independence theory / 
Energy efficiency in household appliances and lighting / 
Similarity problems and completely bounded maps / 
Markov random field modeling in image analysis / 
Resin microscopy and on-section immunocytochemistry / 
You've got to be carefully taught : learning and relearning literature / 
Reactive extraction / 
The divine comic : the cinema of Roberto Benigni / 
Rumi's world  : the life and work of the great Sufi poet / 
Grasses : Panicum to Danthonia / 
Continuous and discontinuous modelling of cohesive-frictional materials / 
Sequence learning : paradigms, algorithms, and applications / 
Budo secrets : teachings of the martial arts masters / 
21st century cellists / 
Computational models for predicting visual target distinctness / 
Ideographia : the Chinese cipher in early modern Europe / 
Time, death, and the feminine : Levinas with Heidegger / 
Persons, roles, and minds : identity in peony pavilion and peach blossom fan / 
Royko : a life in print / 
Rain forests : a nonfiction companion to Afternoon on the Amazon / 
The coming collapse of China / 
It takes a village idiot : complicating the simple life / 
Unfinished business / 
Van Gogh's gardens / 
On call : cardiology / 
Community health nursing : promoting the health of populations / 
Agency and ethics : the politics of military intervention / 
Silence unheard : deathly otherness in Pātañjala-yoga / 
Home : a novel / 
Teaching selves : identity, pedagogy, and teacher education / 
Michael Jordan, Inc. : corporate sport, media culture, and late modern America / 
Religious vegetarianism : from Hesiod to the Dalai Lama / 
The Huainanzi and Liu An's claim to moral authority / 
Beyond the cheers : race as spectacle in college sport / 
Isaac Abarbanel's stance toward tradition : defense, dissent, and dialogue / 
The Pittsburgh Crawfords / 
The cognition of basic musical structures / 
A life of Jung / 
Encyclopedia of motion picture sound / 
The modern weird tale / 
Eugene O'Neill : an annotated international bibliography, 1973 through 1999 / 
Internet research : theory and practice / 
Understanding breast cancer / 
American maritime prisoners in the Revolutionary War : the captivity of William Russell / 
Take control of your student loan debt / 
Philosophy : the power of ideas / 
Overcoming mood swings : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques / 
Baseball parks / 
Worthington Chauncey Ford : scholar and adventurer / 
The adventures and memoirs of Sherlock Holmes / 
Step off! : the hardest thirty days of your life / 
The diary of Samuel Pepys / 
Emma / 
The great conversation : a historical introduction to philosophy / 
Biopolis : Patrick Geddes and the city of life / 
Gun violence in America : the struggle for control / 
Ten questions to diagnose your spiritual health / 
Introduction to property / 
Social cognition and schizophrenia / 
Introduction to eastern thought / 
Laguerre calculus and its applications on the Heisenberg group / 
Securing your organization's future : a complete guide to fundraising strategies / 
Antología histórica de la poesía venezolana del siglo XX, 1907-1996 / 
Environmental health and safety audits / 
Hello kitty, hello everything! : 25 years of fun! / 
The vital link : the tanker's role in winning America's wars / 
Building powerful platforms with Windows CE / 
Undocumented Windows 2000 secrets : a programmer's cookbook / 
E-merchant : retail strategies for e-commerce / 
The economics of sports / 
Payment systems : examples and explanations / 
Community policing: a contemporary perspective / 
Correctional law for the correctional officer / 
Managed care law and liability / 
Time series analysis by state space methods / 
Holding health care accountable : law and the new medical marketplace / 
Plant cell biology : a practical approach / 
Palliative care for non-cancer patients / 
Calm energy : how people regulate mood with food and exercise / 
Brain damage, brain repair / 
Airway management in the critically ill / 
Speaking with authority : Catherine of Siena and the voices of women today / 
Understanding difficult Scriptures in a healing way / 
Family-friendly web sites for kids / 
Victor Lopez at the Alamo / 
Worship in the shape of Scripture / 
The protester's song / 
Flash 5 primer / 
Surviving Jamestown : the adventures of young Sam Collier / 
(A)wry views : anamorphosis, Cervantes, and the early picaresque / 
Teaching and thinking about curriculum : critical inquiries / 
Do me a favor and other short stories / 
Constructivist strategies : meeting standards and engaging adolescent minds / 
Roswell : inconvenient facts and the will to believe / 
Extraordinary popular delusions and the madness of crowds / 
Battle-pieces and aspects of the war : Civil War poems / 
Climate change economics and policy : an RFF anthology / 
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Berkeley and the Principles of human knowledge / 
Miscarriage : women's experiences and needs / 
Managing in health and social care / 
Cultural planning, an urban renaissance? / 
The price of freedom : a history of East Central Europe from the Middle Ages to the present / 
A director prepares : seven essays on art and theatre / 
Consumerism in world history : the global transformation of desire / 
Caring relationships : helping people with mental impairments understand God's gift of sexuality / 
C++ in action : industrial-strength programming techniques / 
Four-dimensional Jesus : seeing Jesus through the eyes of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John / 
Studies in language and social interaction / 
Spring fever / 
Sightings : the gray whale's mysterious journey / 
Shawnee captive : the story of Mary Draper Ingles / 
Wild Rose : Nancy Ward and the Cherokee Nation / 
Wireless crash course / 
The nursing experience : trends, challenges, and transitions / 
Advanced practice nursing with older adults : clinical guidelines / 
Compass of health : using the art of sasang medicine to maximize your health / 
Writing whizardry : 60 mini-lessons to teach elaboration and writer's craft / 
The Civil War book of lists / 
Journey from cognition to brain to gene : perspectives from Williams Syndrome / 
Power drive / 
Perspectives on gender / 
Storm clouds on the horizon : Bible prophecy and the current Middle East crisis / 
Accessing and browsing information and communication / 
Varieties of practical reasoning / 
Schaum's easy outline biology : based on Schaum's outline of biology / 
Principles of accounting : based on Schaum's Principles of accounting I  / 
Groups in context : leadership and participation in small groups / 
Anne Bailey : frontier scout / 
Poetry plastique / 
San Diego's Navy : an illustrated history / 
Constructing race : youth, identity, and popular culture in South Africa / 
The rhetoric of sobriety : wine in early Islam / 
Musical memorials for musicians : a guide to selected compositions / 
The art of memory in exile : Vladimir Nabokov & Milan Kundera / 
Breeder : real-life stories from the new generation of mothers / 
Zen effects : the life of Alan Watts / 
Look at me, Grandma ! / 
A financial history of the United States / 
Soulful aging : ministry through the stages of adulthood / 
Who's who in Tudor England / 
The guide and the CEO / 
Who's who in Victorian Britain / 
Twinkle, twinkle, little star / 
Wilderness living / 
The view from Hawk Mountain : the story of the world's first raptor sanctuary / 
The blue nowhere / 
Measurement of nursing outcomes / 
Planning and designing clinical research  / 
Neuroscience : focus on acute and chronic pain / 
Critical care cardiology in the perioperative period / 
Why do governments divest? : the macroeconomics of privatization / 
Granular gases / 
Understanding the earth system : compartments, processes, and interactions / 
Software quality : state of the art in management, testing, and tools / 
Macroeconomic policy, growth, and poverty reduction / 
What's wrong with Timmy? / 
The proving ground : the inside story of the 1998 Sydney to Hobart race / 
Fia & the imp / 
A guide to living in the truth : Saint Benedict's teaching on humility / 
15 days of prayer with Saint Alphonsus Liguori / 
Lisa in New York / 
Gaspard at the seashore / 
Christopher Paul Curtis / 
The Machu Picchu guidebook : a self-guided tour / 
Eye of the blackbird : a story of gold in the American West / 
A naturalist's years in the Rocky Mountains / 
Writing naturally : a down-to-earth guide to nature writing / 
Secrets in stone : all about Maya hieroglyphs / 
Prophet of decline : Spengler on world history and politics / 
Mature unwed mothers : narratives of moral resistance / 
Sacred scarabs : for divination and personal power/ 
Success secrets : letters to Matthew / 
The system of unfair competition prevention in Japan / 
Symbols of anguish : in search of melancholy in China / 
Dealing with human rights : Asian and Western views on the value of human rights / 
By hand : 25 beautiful objects to make in the American folk art tradition / 
Of poles and zeros : fundamentals of digital seismology / 
Forging subregional links in transportation and logistics in South Asia / 
From transition to EU accession : the Bulgarian labor market during the 1990s / 
Investment insurance and developmental impact : evaluating MIGA's experience / 
Landscape and power in ancient Mesoamerica / 
Contaminated communities : coping with residential toxic exposure / 
Minneapolis and St. Paul : Minnesota's Twin Cities / 
Hollow city : the siege of San Francisco and the crisis of American urbanism / 
Pinochet and me : a Chilean anti-memoir / 
The cold war in welfare : stock markets versus pensions / 
A new generation draws the line : Kosovo, East Timor, and the standards of the West / 
Unacknowledged legislation : writers in the public sphere / 
Readings from the Roots of wisdom / 
Roots of wisdom / 
Late Victorian holocausts : El Niño famines and the making of the third world / 
A fierce hatred of injustice : Claude McKay's Jamaica and his poetry of rebellion / 
Coming back to God : answers to men's honest questions and doubts / 
The prodigy : a novel of suspense / 
Through the kaleidoscope : the experience of modernity in Latin America / 
Sports in America / 
The coldest March : Scott's fatal Antarctic expedition / 
Van Day Truex, the man who defined twentieth-century taste and style / 
The five "confucian" classics / 
Cuba on my mind : journeys to a severed nation / 
Living what you believe : wisdom from the book of James / 
America and Russia : memos to a president / 
America and the Balkans : memos to a president / 
The new guide to skiing / 
America's naval heritage : a catalog of early imprints from the Navy Department Library / 
EVA and value based management : a practical guide to implementation / 
Trading systems that work : building and evaluating effective trading systems / 
Row by row / 
How to think like the world's greatest high-tech Titans / 
The new McGraw-Hill telecom factbook / 
Fiber optic installer's field manual / 
Emotional vampires : dealing with people who drain you dry / 
Statistics : the craft of data collection, description, and inference / 
Ethical, legal, and professional issues in counseling / 
3D game engine design : a practical approach to real-time computer graphics / 
The pocket guide to TCP/IP sockets / 
A heart so white / 
A far cry from Kensington / 
Ancestors : a reinvention of Mother poem, Sun poem, and X/self / 
Internet direct mail : the complete guide to successful e-mail marketing campaigns / 
Loving sabotage / 
All souls / 
Bombs, bugs, drugs, and thugs : intelligence and America's quest for security / 
The final season : my last year as a head coach in the NFL / 
Exercise prescription and the back / 
Electrotherapy clinical procedures manual / 
Both art and craft : teaching ideas that spark learning / 
Introduction to telecommunications : converging technologies / 
American social and political thought : a concise introduction / 
All about futures : the easy way to get started / 
Mechanical engineering design / 
The Plunder of Jewish property during the Holocaust : confronting European history / 
Quality management for radopgraphic imaging : a guide for technologists / 
Parasitic gaps / 
Parenting / 
Flowers & nature / 
Degas to Matisse : 
Passing / 
Construction building envelope and interior finishes databook / 
Planning and administering early childhood programs / 
The creative spirit : an introduction to theatre / 
Strategic compensation : a human resource management approach / 
The neurology of vision / 
Differential equations & linear algebra/ 
Total war and historical change : Europe, 1914-1955 / 
Mass murder in the United States / 
Engineering materials technology : structures, processing, properties, and selection / 
Marketing channels / 
Textbook of palliative nursing / 
Language and literacy in science education / 
Tectonic consequences of the Earth's rotation / 
Rediscovering catechism : the art of equipping covenant children / 
Retail management : a strategic approach / 
Thinking Socratically : critical thinking about everyday issues / 
Why do women love men and not their mothers? / 
Adobe InDesign 1.5 : introduction to electronic mechanicals / 
The Oxford starter German dictionary / 
The psychoanalytic century : Freud's legacy for the future / 
Debating points : marriage and family issues / 
The illusionless man : fantasies and meditations on disillusionment / 
The philosopher's stone : essays in the transformation of musical structure / 
Public policy praxis--theory and pragmatism : a case approach / 
The Bushmen of southern Africa : a foraging society in transition / 
Buffalo : the life and style of Ray Petri / 
Applications manual Martini fundamentals of anatomy & physiology / 
International business : environments and operations / 
Syntactic change in Akkadian : the evolution of sentential complementation / 
The Oxford starter Spanish dictionary / 
Fundamentals of the futures market / 
Cultural integrity and world community / 
The politics of democratisation in rural Mozambique : grassroots governance in Mecúfi / 
Quantitative business valuation : a mathematical approach for today's professional / 
That's ghosts for you : 13 scary stories / 
Summerbath, winterbath / 
Bugs, bugs, bugs / 
Loon summer / 
A documented history of Gullah Jack Pritchard and the Denmark Vesey slave insurrection of 1822 / 
Elcar and Pratt automobiles : the complete history / 
The golden century : classic motor yachts, 1830-1930 / 
Advanced debugging methods / 
Advances in hydrogen energy / 
Relativistic heavy-particle collision theory / 
Innovations in competitive manufacturing / 
Solent science : a review / 
How to be a teenage millionaire / 
Career ideas for kids who like adventure / 
Counterintuitive marketing : achieve great results using uncommon sense / 
The European Union : economics and policies / 
The MBA handbook : study skills for postgraduate management study / 
Knowledge rich ranching / 
Ministry is a high calling : (aim low) : reflections of a parish novice / 
International environmental externalities and the double dividend / 
Measuring environmental degradation : developing pressure indicators for Europe / 
Microsimulation in government policy and forecasting / 
Evolution and path dependence in economic ideas : past and present / 
The Mongolian economy : a manual of applied economics for a country in transition / 
Greening the accounts / 
The Franco-German axis in European integration / 
With Christ in prison : Jesuits in jail from St. Ignatius to the present / 
Your competent child : toward new basic values for the family / 
Profit beyond measure : extraordinary results through attention to work and people / 
Here's to you, Jesusa! / 
Jesus / 
From the hill to the mount / 
The night before Valentine's Day / 
Move closer : an intimate philosophy of art / 
Catheter ablation of ventricular tachycardia in patients with structural heart disease / 
Telecosm : how infinite bandwidth will revolutionize our world / 
Wilderness Medical Society practice guidelines for wilderness emergency care / 
Non-linear mass transfer and hydrodynamic stability / 
Retriever training : a back-to-basics approach / 
Thanksgiving is for giving thanks / 
South Slavic and Eastern European writers / 
How I went from bad to verse / 
Comparative studies in Romanian syntax / 
Philip Roth considered : the concentrationary universe of the American writer / 
Monkey see, monkey do / 
Little Toot / 
The torturer's apprentice : stories / 
Inuit mythology / 
Roman mythology / 
Garage-door evangelism : opening your church to the community / 
Prescription for a healthy church : ministry ideas to nurture whole people / 
Flight of the gods : philosophical perspectives on negative theology / 
Creating connections for better schools : how leaders enhance school culture / 
Teaching, learning, and assessment together : the reflective classroom / 
The new Grove dictionary of music and musicians / 
The barmaid's brain and other strange tales from science / 
Cell movements : from molecules to motility / 
Physics matters! / 
Zionism and the fin-de-siècle : cosmopolitanism and nationalism from Nordau to Jabotinsky / 
"The first day" and other stories / 
Xenophon's prince : republic and empire in the Cyropaedia / 
The age of wild ghosts : memory, violence, and place in Southwest China / 
Subtle bodies : representing angels in Byzantium / 
Pulling the devil's kingdom down : the Salvation Army in Victorian Britain / 
Jazz on the road : Don Albert's musical life / 
The new public management : improving research and policy dialogue / 
A fascination for fish : adventures of an underwater pioneer / 
Being human : ethics, environment, and our place in the world / 
Industrial cowboys : Miller & Lux and the transformation of the Far West, 1850-1920 / 
The transnational villagers / 
Life in common : an essay in general anthropology / 
Willa Cather living : a personal record / 
Lost in Washington : finding the way back to democracy in America / 
Darktown strutters : a novel / 
Illuminating letters : typography and literary interpretation / 
Literary wit / 
This waiting for love : Helene Johnson, poet of the Harlem Renaissance / 
The people of the parish : community life in a late medieval English diocese / 
Chaos of disciplines / 
The splendid vista / 
The crossroad / 
Crazybone : a "nameless detective" novel / 
Sand pirates / 
A cat on Jingle Bell Rock : an Alice Nestleton mystery / 
A theatre of love / 
Clinical pathways in glaucoma / 
Orthodontic materials : scientific and clinical aspects / 
Restitutional surgery of the ear and temporal bone / 
Oral pathology / 
On guerrilla warfare / 
The Voice of America and the domestic propaganda battles, 1945-1953 / 
Averroes : a rationalist in Islam / 
The American house / 
Antarctica unveiled : Scott's first expedition and the quest for the unknown continent / 
Andersonville violets : a story of Northern and Southern life / 
Toward a general theory of action : theoretical foundations for the social sciences / 
Constructing social problems / 
The public assault on America's children : poverty, violence, and juvenile injustice / 
What's wrong with day care : freeing parents to raise their own children / 
The widow and the wastrel / 
A tradition of pride / 
A cat on a beach blanket : an Alice Nestleton mystery / 
Strollercize : the workout for new mothers / 
Josh White : society blues / 
Agricultural and pastoral societies in ancient and classical history / 
Bioethics in social context / 
The sum of our parts : mixed-heritage Asian Americans / 
Boss man from Ogallala / 
The chivalric epic in medieval Italy / 
Made in California : art, image, and identity, 1900-2000 / 
To retire or not? : retirement policy and practice in higher education / 
Family history revisited : comparative perspectives / 
The science of optimism and hope : research essays in honor of Martin E.P. Seligman / 
Colloquial Scottish Gaelic : the complete course for beginners / 
Queer theory and social change / 
Spirituality and education / 
Urban movements in a globalising world / 
Imagining marketing : art, aesthetics, and the avant-garde / 
Understanding assessment : purposes, perceptions, practice / 
The politics of war memory and commemoration / 
Contributions to the history of economic thought : essays in honour of R.D.C. Black / 
Marxism and realism : a materialistic application of realism in the social sciences / 
If you don't go, don't hinder me : the African American sacred song tradition / 
Okinawa, the history of an island people / 
Little songs of the geisha : traditional Japanese ko-uta / 
The counterfeiter and other stories / 
The journey / 
Romaji diary ; and, Sad toys / 
The Buddha tree : / 
The tale of Genji / 
Chinese ambassadors : the rise of diplomatic professionalism since 1949 / 
Racing cars / 
Satellites and communications / 
Why do people smoke? / 
Why do people gamble? / 
Hindu festival tales / 
Trucks / 
The death camps / 
The Holocaust causes / 
Super bikes / 
Cars at play / 
Anne Frank and me / 
God's secret to greatness : the power of the towel / 
How many? How much? : based on Timothy goes to school and other stores / 
Letters and sounds / 
The wall around the West : state borders and immigration controls in North America and Europe / 
The compassionate temperament : care and cruelty in modern society / 
Fighting in the Jim Crow Army : black men and women remember World War II / 
Irresistible overnights in Florida / 
A taste of Carthage : food, memories, and Southern hospitality from Al Gore's hometown / 
Mayberry memories : the Andy Griffith show photo album / 
Kids' e-mail and letters from camp / 
The angel of Ashland : practicing compassion and tempting fate / 
Invisible women : junior enlisted Army wives / 
Minority and gender differences in officer career progression / 
Military recruiting : trends, outlook, and implications / 
Asian economic trends and their security implications / 
The student athlete survival guide / 
Climbing Everest : a meditation on mountaineering and the spirit of adventure / 
The new kayak shop : more elegant wooden kayaks anyone can build / 
Freedom's college : the history of Grove City College / 
Family child care record-keeping guide / 
The evolution of Western private law / 
The eye book : a complete guide to eye disorders and health / 
The new behaviorism : mind, mechanism, and society / 
From the Wandering Jew to William F. Buckley : 
Fundamentals of operative dentistry : a contemporary approach / 
My dream of you / 
Workplace/women's place : an anthology / 
Prayer evangelism / 
Correctional contexts : contemporary and classical readings / 
Citizen responsive government / 
The river of light = [Nahara di-nehora] = Nahara DiNehora : Jewish mystical awareness / 
Cross-walk of national schizophrenia guidelines / 
Pĕsiḳta dĕ-Rab̲ Kahăna : R. Kahana's compilation of discourses for Sabbaths and festal days / 
Congressional primaries and the politics of representation / 
Political altruism? : solidarity movements in international perspective / 
Manufacturing at warp speed : optimizing supply chain financial performance / 
Almost America : from the colonists to Clinton : a 'what if' history of the U.S. / 
The women's guide to legal issues / 
A garden of Greek verse : 
Kentucky woman : the life of Viebie Catron Cantrell / 
Waiting for Jacob : a Civil War story / 
Hooray for Hanukkah! / 
Ben Franklin and the magic squares / 
The wrong crowd / 
Junie B. Jones is Captain Field Day / 
Talk to me : listening between the lines / 
Romancing : the life and work of Henry Green / 
The kill artist : a novel / 
The piano shop on the Left Bank : discovering a forgotten passion in a Paris Atelier / 
The haunted lighthouse / 
God, guns & rock'n'roll / 
To speak is never neutral / 
The cultural psychology of self : place, morality, and art in human worlds / 
Other minds / 
Philosophy in cultural theory / 
Urban geography : a global perspective / 
Globalization / 
The metaphysicians of meaning : Russell and Frege on sense and denotation / 
Political parties in post-communist Eastern Europe / 
Logic, form, and grammar / 
Wittgenstein and philosophy of religion / 
Sellout : the inside story of President Clinton's impeachment / 
Encyclopedia of contemporary American culture / 
Birth by design : pregnancy, maternity care, and midwifery in North America and Europe / 
Beyond the campus : how colleges and universities form partnerships with their communities / 
Banking on knowledge : the genesis of the Global Development Network / 
Endangered daughters : discrimination and development in Asia / 
Effective change in schools / 
Britain since 1945 : a political history / 
Early modern Italy : a social history / 
Pluralism : the philosophy and politics of diversity / 
The politics of bureaucracy / 
Genetic dilemmas : reproductive technology, parental choices, and children's futures / 
An architecture notebook : wall / 
The Irish women's history reader / 
Zen and the art of the monologue / 
The superpowers : a short history / 
Small comrades : revolutionizing childhood in Soviet Russia, 1917-1932 / 
Working for McDonald's in Europe : the unequal struggle? / 
Rethinking academic politics in (re)unified Germany and the United States / 
Galaxies : island universes / 
10,001 food facts, chefs' secrets & household hints / 
The last precinct / 
That's my dog! / 
Blood lure / 
The edge on the sword / 
Notes from a liar and her dog / 
Meet the Barkers : Morgan and Moffat go to school / 
They call me Woolly : what animal names can tell us / 
Spike in the kennel / 
Acquiring, processing, and deploying voice of the customer / 
12 lead ECG : the art of interpretation / 
In La Fontaine's labyrinth : a thread through the Fables / 
Genders and sexualities in educational ethnography / 
Lestrade and the sign of nine / 
Evolution and endurance : the U.S. army division in the twentieth century / 
Evidence of positive student outcomes in JROTC career academies / 
The new longevity diet : how to stay young, stay healthy, stay slim by eating the foods you love / 
A portrait of race and ethnicity in California : an assessment of social and economic well-being / 
Why atheism? / 
25 stupid mistakes dog owners make / 
Handbook for sexual abuser assessment and treatment / 
The course of Irish history / 
The power of covenant  / 
Remembering Cesar : the legacy of Cesar Chavez / 
Individual self, relational self, collective self / 
Stress and trauma / 
Toward a theory of neuroplasticity / 
Yoga for every body / 
Politics and the state in India / 
India's communication revolution : from bullock carts to cyber marts / 
Globalization and labour-management relations : dynamics of change / 
Television in contemporary Asia / 
Water for food and rural development : approaches and initiatives in South Asia / 
Pluralism and equality : values in Indian society and politics / 
Managing dyadic interactions in organizational leadership / 
Intellectual freedom and social responsibility in American librarianship, 1967-1974 / 
Alice falling / 
Jewish American literature : a Norton anthology / 
Student-involved classroom assessment / 
Financial analyst's indispensable pocket guide / 
Basic concepts in pharmacology : a student's survival guide / 
The Medical Library Association guide to managing health care libraries / 
A guide to historic Kalispell / 
The decorated kitchen : creative projects from Leslie Beck / 
The invisible heart : an economic romance / 
Norms of nature : naturalism and the nature of functions / 
Bob Miller's geometry for the clueless : geometry / 
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of introduction to mathematical economics / 
Algebra for the utterly confused / 
The last mile : broadband and the next Internet revolution / 
Studs Terkel's Working : a teaching guide / 
Exploring caves : journeys into the earth / 
Mummies of the pharaohs : exploring the Valley of the Kings / 
The future factor : the five forces transforming our lives and shaping human destiny / 
Pursuit : the chase and sinking of the Bismarck / 
Finding God, finding each other : how our marriage was saved by the power of God / 
Minding the darkness : a poem for the year 2000 / 
The terrible beast of Zor / 
Donald Lipski : a brief history of twine / 
The victims of Nimbo / 
Capturing light : masterpieces of California photography, 1850 to the present  / 
The melancholy  of resistance / 
Culturally responsive teaching : lesson planning for elementary and middle grades / 
Developing and managing electronic journal collections : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians / 
The temptations of Pleasure Island / 
Show and then tell : presenting the Gospel through daily encounters / 
Revelation 12-22 / 
Women and the leadership Q : the breakthrough system for achieving power and influence / 
Making big schools feel small : multiage grouping, looping, and schools-within-a-school / 
Growing little women for younger girls : capturing teachable moments with your daughter / 
Popular Jewish literature and its role in the making of an identity / 
Whirlers and twirlers : science fun with spinning / 
Teachings on usury in Judaism, Christianity and Islam / 
Secrets of customer relationship management : it's all about how you make them feel / 
Cuba : issues and bibliography / 
International financial organizations : a bibliography / 
Who am I in the lives of children : an introduction to teaching young children / 
Afro-American biographies : a bibliography / 
The year one : art of the ancient world east and west / 
Surgery : 
Saturday's child : a memoir / 
In the spirit of our age : Eric Mendelsohn's B'Nai Amoona synagogue / 
Multicultural mathematics materials / 
Assessing rational expectations : sunspot multiplicity and economic fluctuations / 
Microbiology : a human perspective / 
Jane Eyre : an authoritative text / 
High five! : the magic of working together / 
Effective expert testimony / 
A brush with history : paintings from the National Portrait Gallery / 
Educational research : an integrative introduction / 
The book of Margery Kempe : a new translation, contexts, criticism / 
Governor Ramage R.N. / 
Statistics for environmental science and management / 
I'm next! : the strange journey of America's most unlikely superhero / 
Authority and upheaval in Leipzig, 1910-1920 : the story of a relationship / 
IT certification success / 
MCSE Windows 2000 network design / 
Light warriors / 
The International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea / 
M-theory and quantum geometry / 
Letters to his family : an autobiography / 
A little book of altar magic / 
The little church that could : raising small church esteem / 
Born to preach : essays in honor of the ministry of Henry & Ella Mitchell / 
Human rights for the new millennium / 
Chancellorsville / 
Best little ironies, oddities & mysteries of the Civil War / 
As long as I have you / 
Handbook of typography for the mathematical sciences / 
Willie : an autobiography / 
A river out of Eden : a novel / 
The European Union : structure and process / 
Risk management handbook for health care organizations / 
The Babel effect : a novel / 
Translational control of gene expression / 
An introduction to cryptography / 
Elliptic polynomials / 
Harmonic analysis and integral geometry / 
Airtight case : a Lindsay Chamberlain novel / 
Murder most Confederate : tales of crimes quite uncivil / 
Meditating on the Word / 
Cassada / 
The Knox brothers : Edmund, 1881-1971, Dillwyn, 1884-1943, Wilfred, 1886-1950, Ronald, 1888-1957 / 
Speech! Speech! / 
Selected letters of Dashiell Hammett 1921-1960 / 
The visitor / 
Lies : a diary, 1986-1999 / 
Eating disorders : new directions in treatment and recovery / 
Critical issues in global health / 
We are Baptists : studies for adults / 
Follow your heart and discover God's dream for you / 
Marlowe in the South Seas / 
Jack Welch / 
Grand slams! : the ultimate collection of baseball's best quips, quotes, and cutting remarks / 
Season of change / 
Butterflies fly / 
Maple trees / 
Creative window treatments : 
Album for an age : unconventional words and pictures from the twentieth century / 
Adobe LiveMotion f/x and design / 
A woman unknown : voices from a Spanish life / 
The people of the sea : a journey in search of the seal legend / 
The law of averages : new & selected stories / 
Vibration simulation using MATLAB and ANSYS / 
Matters of state : a political excursion / 
DK guide to the human body / 
Survivors : the night the Titanic sank / 
A day in the life of a teacher / 
A day in the life of a dancer / 
Home run heroes / 
Disasters at sea / 
The letters of Kate Duncan Smith and John Harrington, 1894-1907 / 
The world around the Chinese artist : aspects of realism in Chinese painting / 
The giant book of the body / 
A day in the life of a firefighter / 
George Washington : soldier, hero, president / 
A day in the life of a builder / 
First ladies / 
Roberto Clemente / 
Where's Bitesize? / 
Danger on the mountain : scaling the world's highest peaks / 
DK big book of airplanes / 
Strikeout kings / 
Eruption! : the story of volcanoes / 
Dinosaur detectives / 
Higher ground / 
The Facts on File dictionary of astronomy / 
The Facts on File dictionary of environmental science / 
The Facts On File dictionary of computer science / 
Against the flood / 
Goldwater : a tribute to a twentieth-century political icon / 
Aiding & abetting / 
No, no Jack! / 
Fair weather : a novel / 
Expect nothing: a Zen guide / 
A day with air traffic controllers / 
Handbook of semiconductor manufacturing technology / 
Natural food colorants : science and technology / 
Advanced polymer chemistry : a problem solving guide / 
Handbook of ataxia disorders / 
Drug strategies in antibacterials / 
Scotland / 
El Salvador / 
Pine trees / 
Cactuses / 
Ferns / 
A mealworm's life / 
Seasons / 
Amateurs and professionals in post-war British sport / 
Sal si puedes (Escape if you can) : Cesar Chavez and the new American revolution / 
Service learning : curricular applications in nursing / 
A movie in my pillow : poems / 
India. The culture / 
India. The land / 
India. The people / 
Nathaniel Hawthorne / 
Samuel T. Coleridge : comprehensive research and study guide / 
Robert Browning / 
Sylvia Plath / 
The miracles of St. John Capistran / 
Bosnia the good : tolerance and tradition / 
Reptiles / 
Dinosaurs / 
Diggers and cranes / 
Baby animals / 
Learning classifier systems : from foundations to applications / 
Extremal combinatorics : with applications in computer science / 
Scattering theory : some old and new problems / 
History : a novel / 
50 simple ways to pamper your cat / 
101 perfect chocolate chip cookies / 
The prince of Tennessee : the rise of Al Gore / 
Visible amazement / 
Rube Goldberg : inventions / 
Long distance : a year of living strenuously / 
Yellow brick roads : shared and guided paths to independent reading 4-12 / 
Evolution and Mormonism : a quest for understanding / 
Seeing Salt Lake City : the legacy of the Shipler photographers / 
Madame ridiculous and Lady sublime : new essays / 
The journal of Jesse Smoke : a Cherokee boy / 
Valley of the Moon : the diary of Maria Rosalia de Milagros / 
Ecocomposition : theoretical and pedagogical approaches / 
Lord of the dance : the Mani Rimdu Festival in Tibet and Nepal / 
The apocryphal Ezekiel / 
The UFO evidence. Volume II, A 30-year report / 
Wry stories on the Road Hole / 
Biotechnological applications for integrated pest management / 
The myofascial release manual / 
Combined modality therapy of central nervous system tumors / 
Spatial economic science : new frontiers in theory and methodology / 
Data analysis : scientific modeling and practical application / 
Jupiter odyssey : the story of NASA's Galileo mission / 
Deep-sky observing : the astronomical tourist / 
Cultural factors in economic growth / 
Computer-supported cooperative work : introduction to distributed applications / 
Exile to paradise : savagery and civilization in Paris and the South Pacific, 1790-1900 / 
Vanished Mesoamerican civilizations : the history and culture of the Zapotecs and Mixtecs / 
What's so bad about being good? / 
Outdoor water features : 16 easy-to-build projects for your yard and garden / 
My ocean liner : across the North Atlantic on the great ship Normandie / 
The Japanese way of the flower : Ikebana as moving meditation / 
Limit states design of structural steelwork / 
Speaking in tongues / 
Read it again! : revisiting shared reading / 
Mojos / 
Write better essays in just 20 minutes a day / 
Geoenvironmental engineering : contaminated soils, pollutant fate and mitigation / 
The culture of defense / 
Medieval monastic education / 
George Barrington's Voyage to Botany Bay : retelling a convict's travel narrative of the 1790s / 
A decade in Borneo / 
Biocatalysis / 
Age-related macular degeneration : current treatment concepts / 
Say goodbye to whining, complaining, and bad attitudes-- in you and your kids! / 
WriterSpeaker.com : Internet research and marketing for writers and speakers / 
Ripples of joy : stories of hope and encouragement to share / 
Near to the heart of God : meditations to draw you closer / 
Determined to win : the overcoming spirit of Jean Driscoll / 
Divorce and divorce legislation especially in the United States / 
Jurisprudence / 
Crypto-judaism and the Spanish inquisition / 
Maritime fiction : sailors and the sea in British and American novels, 1719-1917 / 
Britain and the Ruhr crisis / 
1800 : the new Lyrical ballads / 
The new politics of youth crime : discipline or solidarity? / 
Globalization : a critical introduction / 
Twentieth-century women novelists : feminist theory into practice / 
E.H. Carr : a critical appraisal / 
Print in transition, 1850-1910 : studies in media and book history / 
Access denied in the information age / 
The economic Cold War : America, Britain and East-West trade, 1948-63 / 
Crossing boundaries : postmodern travel literature / 
The identifying fictions of Toni Morrison : modernist authenticity and postmodern blackness / 
The theatre of Aphra Behn / 
S.T. Coleridge : interviews and recollections / 
European political facts of the twentieth century / 
The coming of globalization : its evolution and contemporary consequences / 
Elizabeth Bishop's World War II-Cold War view / 
Security intelligence services in new democracies : the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Romania / 
US financial regulation and the level playing field / 
Human rights and the internet / 
Gender and sovereignty : feminism, the state and international relations / 
Electoral systems : a comparative introduction / 
The 1999 elections to the European Parliament / 
Henry James on stage and screen / 
Sex and longevity : sexuality, gender, reproduction, parenthood / 
Inselbergs : biotic diversity of isolated rock outcrops in tropical and temperate regions / 
Dictionary of gems and gemology / 
The further adventures of Menachem-Mendl : New York-- Warsaw--Vienna--Yehupetz / 
Mysticism & social transformation / 
Prime-time authorship : works about and by three TV dramatists / 
The fiction of geopolitics : afterimages of culture, from Wilkie Collins to Alfred Hitchcock / 
Science on stage : expert advice as public drama / 
Dust to dust / 
Henry James and the art of dress / 
The classical theory of economic growth / 
Freedom of the air and the public interest : First Amendment rights in broadcasting to 1935 / 
The irresistible growth enterprise : breakthrough gains from unstoppable change / 
Cruise savvy : an invaluable primer for first-time passengers / 
The joy of Christmas / 
My good night devotions : 45 devotional stories for little ones / 
The joy of being a woman / 
Aquamarine / 
Targeted molecular imaging in oncology / 
Medical language instant translator / 
Introduction to semiconductor manufacturing technology / 
Secretos de la farmacia natural / 
Dental public health : contemporary practice for the dental hygienist / 
Physlets : teaching physics with interactive curricular material / 
Catholics and evangelicals : do they share a common future? / 
The late bloomer's guide to success at any age / 
Darwinizing culture : the status of memetics as a science / 
Frida : a novel / 
Meeting management / 
Felicidad al alcance de todos / 
Love's grateful striving : a commentary on Kierkegaard's Works of love / 
The outdoor living room / 
Essentials of abnormal psychology in a changing world / 
Julie Goldman : a pilot's life / 
A journey to freedom : an interdisciplinary approach to the anthropology of formation / 
God first loved us : the challenge of accepting unconditional love / 
Earle, a coach's life / 
My secret is mine : studies on religion and Eros in the German Middle Ages / 
Dictionnaire français-anglais des mots tronqués / 
Esquisse grammaticale du rifain oriental / 
The Armenian texts of Epiphanius of Salamis De mensuris et ponderibus / 
The house the Pecks built / 
Fortitude : the D-Day deception campaign / 
Roosevelt and Churchill : men of secrets / 
The Doughboys : America and the First World War / 
Gringos : a novel / 
Liberators : Latin America's struggle for independence, 1810-1830 / 
Publisher 2000 : essentials / 
Qt programming for Linux and Windows 2000 / 
Proceedings of the Perl Conference 4.0 : 
The fire and EMS department safety officer / 
Politics in America / 
Water and wastewater technology / 
Quick-start Spanish : everything you need to know before you start or restart Spanish / 
The mindful traveler : a guide to journaling and transformative travel / 
Learning and cognition / 
Cyclops / 
Essentials of marketing / 
The ontology of cyberspace : philosophy, law, and the future of intellectual property / 
Perl for system administration / 
ABC school riddles / 
Lisa's story / 
Murder at Witches' Bluff : a novel of suspense and magick / 
Mercy, mercy me : African-American culture and the American sixties / 
Fixing God's Torah : the accuracy of the Hebrew Bible text in Jewish law / 
Locust pocus : a book to bug you / 
Sunlight and shadow : the Jewish experience of Islam / 
Crackers / 
Carl Jung : wounded healer of the soul : an illustrated biography / 
Entrepreneurship in action / 
Electronics : project management and design / 
As I see it / 
Sharp / 
Yes Rasta / 
Andy Warhol : the factory years, 1964-1967 / 
How to touch what : an artists' book / 
Flora's blanket / 
Colonial America / 
New and old world philosophy : introductory readings / 
Social problems / 
Ethics : theory and practice / 
The fragrant veil : scents for the sensuous woman / 
Atom : an odyssey from the big bang to life on earth-- and beyond / 
The essential guide to networking / 
The field training concept in criminal justice agencies / 
Mondo materialis : materials and ideas for the future / 
Programming Perl / 
Ethics and governance : business as mediating institution / 
The Oxford companion to United States history / 
Popular / 
Transitions and exits / 
Dreamland / 
E marketing / 
Four aspects of civic duty ; and, Present day problems / 
The returning King : a guide to the book of Revelation / 
The call of grace : how the covenant illuminates salvation and evangelism / 
DB2 high performance design and tuning / 
The mind-brain relationship / 
Creating learning-centered courses for the World Wide Web / 
Copenhagen / 
Too ill to talk? : user involvement and palliative care / 
Social literacy, citizenship education, and the national curriculum / 
Science and poetry / 
Thinking history, 4-14 : teaching, learning, curricula, and communities / 
The complete critical guide to Samuel Beckett / 
The practice turn in contemporary theory / 
The love knot : ties that bind cancer partners / 
Engaged learning for programming in C++ : a laboratory course / 
Essential concepts for healthy living / 
Precalculus : graphs and models / 
Algebra and trigonometry : graphs and models / 
Sugar pie & jelly roll : sweets from a Southern kitchen / 
A guide to international estate planning : drafting, compliance, and administration strategies / 
The time management workshop : a trainer's guide / 
Leading & managing a growing church / 
Effective succession planning : ensuring leadership continuity and building talent from within / 
Criminal justice / 
Essentials of clinical psychopharmacology / 
Cross-cultural perspectives on quality of life / 
Computer systems organization & architecture / 
C program design for engineers / 
The treatment of depression : bridging the 21st century / 
Ingeborg Bachmann's telling stories : fairy tale beginnings and holocaust endings / 
The Kommandant's mistress : a novel / 
The physician's guide to eye care / 
Guidance for management of distribution system operation and maintenance / 
Writing a professional life : stories of technical communicators on and off the job / 
Association audits from A to Z : a guide for volunteer leaders / 
Science discoveries on the Net : an integrated approach / 
Social studies discoveries on the net : an integrated approach / 
The undergraduate's companion to American writers and their web sites / 
Women in U.S. history : a resource guide / 
Library instruction : a peer tutoring model / 
Association audits from A to Z : a guide for executives / 
Ee / 
Ai / 
High-resolution CT of the lung / 
Moonbeams : a Hadassah Rosh H̲odesh guide / 
Medicinal plants of Brazil / 
Dem bones' revenge : a Tracy Eaton mystery / 
Career choice, change & challenge : 125 strategies from the experts at careerjournal.com / 
Career success is color-blind : overcoming prejudice and eliminating barriers in the workplace / 
Supervisor savvy / 
Earned value project management / 
Learning to question, questioning to learn : developing effective teacher questioning practices / 
Medicine ways : disease, health, and survival among Native Americans / 
The computer glossary : the complete illustrated dictionary / 
Privacy / 
Search and surveillance : the movement from evidence to information / 
Library of Congress classification. PT. German, Dutch, and Scandinavian literatures / 
Pesticide biotransformation in plants and microorganisms : similarities and divergences / 
Short on time, long on learning : activities for those teachable moments / 
Nutrition in clinical practice : a comprehensive, evidence-based manual for the practitioner  / 
The surgical review : an integrated basic and clinical science study guide / 
Field guide to soft tissue pain : diagnosis and management / 
Handbook of pediatric emergencies / 
MRI of the head and neck / 
Scope and standards of psychiatric-mental health nursing practice / 
Making theatre : from text to performance / 
Handbook of neural networks for speech processing / 
Strategic software production with domain-oriented reuse / 
Aleutian adventure : kayaking in the birthplace of the winds / 
Language ideologies : critical perspectives on the official English movement / 
Heroes, rogues, and lovers  : testosterone and behavior / 
Goodnight, Daddy / 
XHTML : moving toward XML / 
Anthology of living theater / 
Mass media, mass culture : an introduction / 
Practicing the presence of the goddess : everyday rituals to transform your world / 
Slayer of gods / 
Developing intuition : practical guidance for daily life / 
The book of ceremonies : a native way of honoring and living the sacred / 
The cry of nature, or, An appeal to mercy and to justice on behalf of the persecuted animals / 
A toolbox for our daughters : building strength, confidence and integrity / 
Classroom applications of educational measurement / 
A look at life in Northern Ireland-- how do women live in a culture driven by conflict? / 
Wildlife painting basics : waterfowl & wading birds / 
Home ice : reflections on backyard rinks and frozen ponds / 
Guide to genealogical research in the National Archives of the United States / 
Living on purpose : straight answers to life's tough questions / 
Law in the schools / 
The aesthetic of the Victorian dramatic monologue / 
Microsoft Exchange 2000 Server resource kit / 
High-church Baptists in the South : the origin, nature, and influence of Landmarkism / 
African American wisdom / 
An eye control teaching device for students without language expressive capacity : EagleEyes / 
New York, New York : 
Mastering pharmacy, licensure & certification : a case-based review / 
Techniques in musculoskeletal rehabilitation / 
Extreme faith : twelve radical young believers from the Bible who changed our world / 
The Turk, chess automaton / 
Drug information : a guide for pharmacists / 
International plays for young audiences : contemporary works from leading playwrights / 
Way of the peaceful warrior : a book that changes lives / 
Who we are : questions to celebrate the family / 
Guided imagery for self-healing : an essential resource for anyone seeking wellness / 
Gone again ptarmigan / 
Destination--Rocky Mountains / 
Growing up poor : a literary anthology / 
Product strategy for high technology companies : accelerating your business to web speed / 
The kingdom of Gewgaw : poems / 
Gender in film and the media : East-West dialogues / 
Wittgenstein : why philosophy is bound to err / 
Looking for Lovedu : days and nights in Africa / 
Gambling with virtue : Japanese women and the search for self in a changing nation / 
Shattered / 
Deal with the dead / 
Perish twice / 
Line of vision / 
The fourth angel / 
SoulStyle : Black women redefining the color of fashion / 
Women to women : a new plan for success and well being from today's most celebrated women / 
Massage for total well-being : massage and meditation for the seven centers of health / 
1848 : memory and oblivion in Europe / 
Taking the back road home : poems / 
Lulu in Hollywood / 
Dominique's fresh flavors : cooking with latitude in New Orleans / 
Leaky tubs : short fictions / 
Fire and desire : mixed-race movies in the silent era / 
A menorah for Athena : Charles Reznikoff and the Jewish dilemmas of objectivist poetry / 
Down East : a maritime history of Maine / 
Charlie Trotter cooks at home / 
Invisible genealogies : a history of Americanist anthropology / 
A flowering of quilts / 
The imagined Civil War : popular literature of the North & South, 1861-1865 / 
Mysteries of the Hopewell : astronomers, geometers, and magicians of the eastern woodlands / 
Word of mouth : an anthology of gay American poetry / 
Soldiers, cities, and civilians in Roman Syria / 
Weimar surfaces : urban visual culture in 1920s Germany / 
War stories : the search for a usable past in the Federal Republic of Germany / 
The trauma of gender : a feminist theory of the English novel / 
Performance artists talking in the eighties : sex, food, money/fame, ritual/death / 
The elusive embryo : how women and men approach new reproductive technologies / 
Dancing with the virgin : body and faith in the fiesta of Tortugas, New Mexico / 
Pathways of power : building an anthropology of the modern world / 
Perspectives on the Yi of Southwest China / 
Reading California : art, image, and identity, 1900-2000 / 
Snacks : tasty treats from the '50s / 
Appetizers : fab finger food from the '50s / 
Desserts : delicious desserts from the '50s / 
Cocktails : divine drinks from the '50s / 
Opening doors to reading : building school-to-work skills / 
Beyond Turk and Hindu : rethinking religious identities in Islamicate South Asia / 
Miami's Parrot Jungle and Gardens : the colorful history of an uncommon attraction / 
Medieval Irish lyrics / 
Not : a trio : two stories and a novella / 
Public spheres & collective identities / 
Thorstein Veblen / 
Ancient society / 
Haiti : best nightmare on Earth / 
Looking for Mr. Nobody : the secret life of Goronwy Rees / 
The one and the many : a contemporary Thomistic metaphysics / 
Hellenism in the land of Israel / 
The complete IEP guide : how to advocate for your special ed child / 
Tourism and sustainable economic development / 
Oil economics and policy / 
Discrete event systems : analysis and control / 
Pension reform in Latin America and its lessons for international  policymakers / 
Hungry for profit : the agribusiness threat to farmers, food, and the environment / 
Growing old in El Barrio / 
Twentynine Palms : a true story of murder, Marines, and the Mojave / 
Solving Bible mysteries : unraveling the perplexing and troubling passages of scripture / 
Southern evangelicals and the coming of the Civil War / 
The social semiotics of relational terminology at Zuni Pueblo / 
Economic development and political reform : impact of external capital on the Middle East / 
Wolf Song / 
The new evolutionary microeconomics : complexity, competence, and adaptive behaviour / 
What does the sky say? / 
The health project book : a handbook for new researchers in the field of health / 
Signs of science : literature, science, and Spanish modernity since 1868 / 
Instant healing / 
Designing winning products / 
Mathematics across cultures : the history of non-western mathematics / 
Jean-Paul Sartre : basic writings / 
The complete critical guide to Alexander Pope / 
How to get an MBA / 
Realist perspectives on management and organisations / 
Truth, trust and medicine / 
Reform and recovery in East Asia : the role of the state and economic enterprise / 
Madness, disability, and social exclusion : the archaeology and anthropology of "difference" / 
Deconstruction and the 'unfinished project of modernity' / 
Education in an age of nihilism / 
Quantitative data analysis with SPSS Release 10 for Windows : a guide for social scientists / 
The Toltec way : a guide to personal transformation / 
Metaphysics, epistemology, and technology / 
The nature of music : beauty, sound, and healing / 
Food biotechnology / 
Climbing plants / 
Patios and courtyards / 
Low-maintenance gardening / 
Bulbs / 
Outdoor living / 
Hedges / 
Terminal illness : opposing viewpoints / 
The price of freedom : slavery and the Civil War / 
The Complete history of the Holocaust / 
The Civil War--the South / 
Children's literature / 
Turning on the girls / 
Live in the balance : the ground-breaking East-West nutrition program / 
Behind the glass : top record producers tell how they craft the hits / 
Chat freak / 
Surviving a stalker : everything you need to know to keep yourself safe / 
Approaches to teaching Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet / 
The working bassist's tool kit : the art & craft of successful bass playing / 
The reel world : scoring for pictures / 
The American highway : the history and culture of roads in the United States / 
Appalachian Ohio and the Civil War, 1862-1863 / 
The zombie movie encyclopedia / 
Introduction to splinting : a critical-reasoning & problem-solving approach / 
Mallarmé in prose / 
Recursive macroeconomic theory / 
Everybody's guide to small claims court / 
Global trade and conflicting national interests / 
Clean new world : culture, politics, and graphic design / 
Flight patterns : Laurence Aberhart ... et al. / 
The tanker war, 1980-88 : law and policy / 
The Apocalypse / 
Walking the Bible : a journey by land through the five books of Moses / 
A biographical history of African-American artists, A-Z / 
Women's lives : multicultural perspectives / 
Your intuitive moon : using lunar signs and cycles to enhance your intuition / 
Administration and management in health sciences libraries / 
Keeping Christmas : Yuletide traditions in Norway and the new land / 
Tourism and the history of Taormina, Sicily, 1750-1950 / 
The American record : images of the nation's past / 
Money therapy : using the eight money types to create wealth and prosperity / 
Baseball's first-year player draft, team by team through 1999 / 
What is Tao / 
The political life of a public employee labor union : regional union democracy / 
Growing up with a schizophrenic mother / 
Wormwood wine : poems / 
Decent dangers / 
Frost for our panes : poems dedicated to goddesses of this life / 
Companion to the works of philosopher Thomas Reid, 1710-1796 / 
Jamaican folk music : a synthesis of many cultures / 
Oreo / 
Systems, strategies, and skills of counseling and psychotherapy / 
Writing across the curriculum in secondary classrooms : teaching from a diverse perspective / 
Novel theology : Nikos Kazantzakis's encounter with Whiteheadian process theism / 
Teaching science to children : an inquiry approach / 
Masonry and concrete / 
Microsoft Windows 2000 / 
Just the facts in emergency medicine / 
Cases in strategic management / 
Still listening : new horizons in spiritual direction / 
Subject to debate : sense and dissents on women, politics, and culture / 
Nuevo Mexico profundo : rituals of an indo-hispano homeland / 
The life and art of Athos Menaboni / 
Quiet times with D.L. Moody / 
Quiet times with Andrew Murray / 
Quiet times with Charles Spurgeon / 
Ending neglect : the elimination of tuberculosis in the United States / 
Yonder : a place in Montana / 
Experiencing the depths of Jesus Christ : the autobiography / 
The greatest thing in the world & other writings / 
Ethical, legal, and professional issues in the practice of marriage and family therapy / 
Child abuse / 
Carried away : the invention of modern shopping / 
Eerdmans dictionary of the Bible / 
The Book of Mormon and other hidden books : "out of darkness unto light" / 
Praying the catechism : opening your heart to divine wisdom : prayers and meditations / 
Natural enemies : people-wildlife conflicts in anthropological perspective / 
Sauer's herbal cures : America's first book of botanic healing, 1762-1778 / 
Quilting curves : an innovative technique for machine-piecing curves with incredible ease / 
Environmental ethics : an introduction with readings / 
Jets / 
Spacecraft / 
Languages for digital embedded systems / 
Mobile channel characteristics / 
Arc routing : theory, solutions, and applications / 
Trace elements : their distribution and effects in the environment / 
The airline business in the twenty-first century / 
I love my job! : a digest of workplace wit and wisdom / 
Student resistance : a history of the unruly subject / 
Reliability maintenance and logistic support : a life cycle approach / 
Elijah, prophet sharing : and other bible stories to tickle your soul / 
Shepherds, why this jubilee? / 
The Templars / 
American Fuji : a novel / 
The missing mummy / 
Winter trails New York : the best cross-country ski & snowshoe trails / 
The tempest : critical essays / 
The Harper's index book / 
Information storage and retrieval systems : theory and implementation / 
Advances in breast cancer management / 
Neural networks and genome informatics / 
Preventing unemployment in Europe : a new framework for labour market policy / 
Archaeology of ancient Mexico and Central America : an encyclopedia / 
Medieval archaeology : an encyclopedia / 
Image segmentation and compression using hidden Markov models / 
Soft computing for knowledge discovery : introducing Cartesian granule features / 
Micro mechanical transducers : pressure sensors, accelerometers, and gyroscopes / 
Second language acquisition processes in the classroom : learning Japanese / 
The twins / 
The change-your-life quote book / 
Breast cancer : a practical guide / 
Tiger cruise / 
Choose the Southwest for retirement : retirement discoveries for every budget / 
The internationalization of public management : reinventing the Third World state / 
The little engine that could : ABC time / 
Writing for multimedia and the Web / 
BioEngagement : making a Christian difference through bioethics today / 
Family : a Christian social perspective / 
Visual revelations : graphical tales of fate and deception from Napoleon Bonaparte to Ross Perot / 
Garden of the Gods, Colorado / 
College admissions for the high school athlete / 
Combating urban inequalities : challenges for managing cities in the developing world / 
Tracks of the unseen : meditations on Alaska wildlife, landscape, and photography / 
Fat of the land : garbage in New York : the last two hundred years / 
Recent advances in gas separation by microporous ceramic membranes / 
Nature farming and microbial applications / 
Jakarta missing / 
Playing with fire / 
Rocks in his head / 
Bo & Mzzz Mad / 
Lance Armstrong : the race of his life / 
Encyclopedia of Native American wars and warfare / 
The hell screens : a novel / 
Forever Texas : Texas history, the way those who lived it wrote it / 
Switzerland : rail, road, lake : the Bradt travel guide / 
Grilles & tails / 
Electrophysiologic testing in disorders of the retina, optic nerve, and visual pathway / 
At home in the garden : creating stylish outdoor rooms / 
Orchids / 
The troubles of journalism : a critical look at what's right and wrong with the press / 
Critical applied linguistics : a critical introduction / 
Linguistics for L2 teachers / 
Tofu mania : add tofu to 120 of your favorite dishes / 
The near birth experience : a journey to the center of self / 
The return of the light : twelve tales from around the world for the winter solstice / 
Myth and metamorphosis : Picasso's classical prints of the 1930s / 
Heart of a nation : 
Writing mysteries, movies, monsters stories, and more / 
The modern in Spain : architecture after 1948 / 
Thomson's special veterinary pathology / 
Introduction to differential equations and dynamical systems / 
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 administrator's pocket consultant / 
Microsoft Windows media player handbook / 
MCSE Microsoft Windows 2000 directory services infrastructure readiness review exam 70-217 / 
Abdominal ultrasound : a practitioner's guide / 
The sage's Tao Te Ching : ancient advice for the second half of life : a new interpretation / 
Emerging English modals : a corpus-based study of grammaticalization / 
Digital reference service in the new millennium : planning, management, and evaluation / 
Happy birthday Mr. Kang / 
Guide to America's outdoors. Southwest / 
Marketing, principles & perspectives / 
Reading fictions : applying literary theory to short stories / 
Smokestack diplomacy : cooperation and conflict in East-West environmental politics / 
Margaret O'Brien : a career chronicle and biography  / 
Nolo's encyclopedia of everyday law  : answers to your most frequently asked legal questions / 
Who's who in the Middle Ages / 
The Balkans : a short history / 
Source selection answer book / 
Death by chocolate cakes : an astonishing array of chocolate enchantment / 
Mosby's diagnostic and laboratory test reference / 
Creative jolt / 
Creative jolt inspirations / 
Struggles over the word : race and religion in O'Connor, Faulkner, Hurston, and Wright / 
In your face : 9 sexual studies / 
As I lay dying : the corrected text / 
More than meets the eye : fascinating glimpses of God's power and design / 
Our libraries / 
Orthopaedics / 
The time--night / 
Vox diccionario. 
Saving America's treasures / 
Romantic returns : superstition, imagination, history / 
Historical dictionary of Malaysia / 
Lectures on analysis on metric spaces / 
Data mining for association rules and sequential patterns : sequential and parallel algorithms / 
Mathematical vistas : from a room with many windows / 
Prime numbers : a computational perspective / 
Topics in survey sampling / 
Probability through problems / 
The Treaty of Amsterdam : facts, analysis, prospects / 
The other life / 
Nothingness and emptiness : a Buddhist engagement with the ontology of Jean-Paul Sartre / 
Baum's road to Oz : the Dakota years / 
Blue dog / 
Peter Pan / 
Why animals have tails / 
Fishers of men / 
Cat toys : how to make your home a feline paradise / 
Point of impact : case studies of forensic engineering in personal injury lawsuits / 
Procedures for nurse practitioners / 
Encyclopedia of the Great Depression and the New Deal / 
A white teacher talks about race / 
Controlling voices : intellectual property, humanistic studies, and the Internet / 
Coming out of cancer : writings from the lesbian cancer epidemic / 
Tube testers and classic electronic test gear / 
Echolocations : poems / 
Essentials of cardiopulmonary physical therapy / 
Principles of hand surgery and therapy / 
Rufferella / 
Outdoor stonework : 16 easy-to-build projects for your yard and garden / 
The dream book : an anthology of writings by Italian American women / 
Reading tutor : how to help your first or second grader become great at reading / 
Forest certification in sustainable development : healing the landscape / 
The general principles of constitutional law in the United States of America / 
The constitutional history of the Louisiana Purchase, 1803-1812 / 
Elements of forecasting / 
The blue line incision and refractive phacoemulsification / 
Nursing diagnosis reference manual / 
30th hemophilia symposium : Hamburg, 1999 / 
Computable analysis : an introduction / 
Classical potential theory / 
Multiplicative number theory / 
Dynamics of evolutionary equations / 
Automated theorem proving : theory and practice / 
The personal distribution of income in an international perspective / 
Applying and interpreting statistics : a comprehensive guide / 
Integer programming and network models / 
Incompatibility and incongruity in wild and cultivated plants / 
Criminal procedure : the post-investigative process : cases and materials / 
The artist portrait series : images of contemporary African American artists / 
Strange forces / 
The tenth circle / 
Scent of love / 
The song of the distant root / 
Presentation success : a step-by-step approach / 
The negotiation handbook / 
A Young actor's scene book : a training tool / 
Halo / 
Thérèse of Lisieux : the way to love / 
Discovering American folklife : essays on folk culture and the Pennsylvania Dutch / 
Letters from the holy ground : seeing God where you are / 
The Ancient Near East : an encyclopedia for students / 
Poverty in Egypt : human needs and institutional capacities / 
America's historic sites / 
Alternative rhetorics : challenges to the rhetorical tradition / 
The Silicon Valley edge : a habitat for innovation and entrepreneurship / 
Wanting more : the challenge of enjoyment in the age of addiction / 
Boone's Lick : a novel / 
I'm so sorry : the stories behind 101 very public apologies / 
Ten steps to educational reform : making change happen / 
West Africa during the Atlantic slave trade : archaeological perspectives / 
In his own write / 
Vivan los Reyes magos! / 
Peru / 
Finland / 
Saving the Jews : amazing stories of men and women who defied the "final solution" / 
Same-sex matters : the challenge of homosexuality / 
The moonlight garden : new discoveries at the Taj Mahal / 
Infant figures : the death of the infans and other scenes of origin / 
Theaters of intention : drama and the law in early modern England / 
Shakespeare jungle fever : national-imperial re-visions of race, rape, and sacrifice / 
A Chinese literary mind : culture, creativity and rhetoric in Wenxin Diaolong / 
Of hospitality / 
Bootstrapping : Douglas Engelbart, coevolution, and the origins of personal computing / 
Humanism and terror : the communist problem / 
A southern garden / 
The commonplace book of William Byrd II of Westover / 
"The tempest" and its travels / 
Complete marriage and family home reference guide / 
Self-care guide to holistic medicine : creating optimal health / 
Interrelationships of the Platyhelminthes / 
The real Contra War : highlander peasant resistance in Nicaragua / 
Being and earth : Paul Tillich's theology of nature / 
Why people kill themselves : a 2000 summary of research on suicide / 
Facing change / 
The desirable body : cultural fetishism and the erotics of consumption / 
Action, talk, and text : learning and teaching through inquiry / 
Central Park East and its graduates : "learning by heart" / 
The best for our children : critical perspectives on literacy for Latino students / 
U.X.L complete life science resource / 
Vietnam War : primary sources / 
Vietnam War : biographies / 
Vietnam War : almanac / 
Supreme Court drama : cases that changed America / 
U X L history fact finder / 
Detail from The garden of earthly delights / 
Rich in good works : Mary M. Emery of Cincinnati, art collector and philanthropist / 
Cinema nation : the best writing on film from the Nation, 1913-2000 / 
Artemisia Gentileschi around 1622 : the shaping and reshaping of an artistic identity / 
Origin of the earth and moon / 
U.S. Protestant missions in Cuba : from independence to Castro / 
West Indians in West Africa, 1808-1880 : the African diaspora in reverse / 
Post-Communist transition : the thorny road / 
The Scottish enlightenment : essays in reinterpretation / 
The porous sanctuary : art and anxiety in Poe's short fiction / 
From information to transformation : education for the evolution of consciousness / 
The transformations of Araucania from Valdivia's letters to Vivar's chronicle / 
Voices from the margins : the stories of vocational high school students / 
Frames within frames : the art museum as cultural artifact / 
Life, culture, and education on the academic plantation : womanist thought and perspective / 
The novels of Louise Erdrich : stories of her people / 
Clarissa's narrators / 
The Tao of life stories : Chinese language, poetry, and culture in education / 
Una revelación desde la escritura. Entrevistas a poetas bolivianas / 
The king's towns : identity and survival in late medieval English boroughs / 
Poetry and poetics in a new millenium : interviews with Clark Coolidge ... [et al.] / 
Jacob Lawrence : paintings, drawings, and murals (1935-1999) : a catalogue raisonné / 
Over the line : the art and life of Jacob Lawrence / 
Talking back and acting out : women negotiating the media across cultures / 
The best hikes of Pisgah National Forest / 
Florida citrus on old postcards / 
Empty names, fiction, and the puzzles of non-existence / 
Mechanism design : enumeration of kinematic structures according to function / 
Mumbo jumbo / 
Start your engines : a countdown book / 
The guilds of Ottoman Jerusalem / 
Difficult diabetes / 
Refractive eye surgery / 
Endoscopic ultrasonography / 
100 questions and answers about hypertension / 
Little Baa / 
The very kind rich lady and her one hundred dogs / 
Ashley & Jen / 
A better hope : resources for a church confronting capitalism, democracy, and postmodernity / 
Sweet is the work : how Relief Society helps bring women to Christ / 
Microgenetic approach to the conscious mind / 
Understanding administrative law / 
Psychological concepts and biological psychiatry : a philosophical analysis / 
Love sick : lessons on relationships from biological psychiatry / 
With or without a man : single women taking control of their lives / 
The Clinton years : the photographs of Robert McNeely / 
Bladeren in bloemen = Feuilles et fleurs = Leafing through flowers / 
Eiko on stage / 
50 ways women can prevent heart disease / 
Principles of neuroepidemiology / 
Orthodontics picture test atlas / 
Clinical trials in neurologic practice / 
Crispin the Terrible / 
Clitics in phonology, morphology and syntax / 
Under Custer's command : the Civil War journal of James Henry Avery / 
The Jack tales / 
The worst wish / 
Visit to another planet / 
Fashion and utopia in management thinking / 
Keys to reading an annual report / 
Guide to law enforcement careers / 
Keys to parenting multiples / 
At the end of the day : lessons learned in inclusive education / 
Mexico's political awakening / 
Last rights : taking care with your final journey / 
How to take a case before the NLRB / 
Cross / 
Introduction to combinatorial torsions / 
Geometry for college students / 
Nutrition and AIDS / 
European weapons and armour : from the Renaissance to the Industrial Revolution / 
The thalassaemia syndromes / 
Fragile success : 
"A wise and discerning mind" : essays in honor of Burke O. Long / 
Islam in nineteenth-century Wallo, Ethiopia : revival, reform, and reaction / 
A grammar of Old Turkic / 
Key customers : how to manage them profitably / 
Prince of time / 
Slo-Mo! / 
Traveling through glass : poems / 
Translation in context : selected contributions from the EST Congress, Granada, 1998 / 
Applied mathematics for the managerial, life, and social sciences / 
Social behavior in farm animals / 
Igneous petrology / 
Elements of nonlinear analysis / 
Fundamentals of college algebra / 
Principles of cell proliferation / 
A mathematician grappling with his century / 
Agroecosystem sustainability : developing practical strategies / 
Ultimate sports nutrition / 
Mega and micro / 
Going, going, gone / 
Scary and sneaky / 
Zooming and creeping / 
Vector calculus / 
They went whistling : women wayfarers, warriors, runaways, and renegades / 
Whitney climbs the Tower of Babel and learns what happens to snobs / 
Esencia de la aromaterapia / 
HTML and XHTML, the definitive guide / 
The bear and the dragon / 
Troublemaker and other saints / 
In fact : essays on writers and writing / 
An introduction to medical statistics / 
Epidemiologic methods for the study of infectious diseases / 
Sexual identities, queer politics / 
Suburban warriors : the origins of the new American Right / 
Diplomacy of conscience : Amnesty International and changing human rights norms / 
Academic instincts / 
Constructing autocracy : aristocrats and emperors in Julio-Claudian Rome / 
Compass points : how I lived / 
The necessary nation / 
The amygdala : a functional analysis / 
Visualizations : the nature book of art and science / 
Sasquatches from outer space : exploring the weirdest mysteries ever / 
The summer people / 
Energy futures : trading opportunities / 
The autobiography of Charles Darwin / 
Looking down on human intelligence : from psychometrics to the brain / 
Mathematical logic : a course with exercises / 
Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS/ME) / 
Brain, perception, memory : advances in cognitive neuroscience / 
Concise Oxford textbook of medicine / 
Tendinitis : its etiology and treatment / 
Analysis : with an introduction to proof / 
Comparative politics : nations and theories in a changing world / 
Artsguide : world and web : a guide to the arts on the Internet and in the world / 
Quality of life for older people : an international perspective / 
Your health : it's a question of balance / 
Designing and programming CICS applications / 
Classic and contemporary readings in social psychology / 
Likelihood methods in statistics / 
Statistical questions in evidence-based medicine / 
Children's book of table blessings / 
Textbook of uroradiology / 
Saint-Frances guide to cardiology / 
Pulmonary physiology and pathophysiology : an integrated, case-based approach / 
Sweet land of story : thirty-six American tales to tell / 
Introduction to aluminum alloys and tempers / 
The structure of the High Holiday services / 
Human adaptive strategies  : ecology, culture, and politics / 
Complex differential geometry / 
Covering the New Yorker : cutting-edge covers from a literary institution / 
Expresslane diabetic cooking / 
ACTION! : acting for film and television / 
Agrochemical discovery : insect, weed, and fungal control / 
The sun, the moon, and the gardener's son / 
Persistent, bioaccumulative, and toxic chemicals / 
Art law handbook / 
Social work evaluation : principles and methods / 
Ea / 
Ph / 
Dr / 
Sl / 
Ng / 
Ght / 
Ck / 
Oa / 
Ou / 
Oo / 
Hatching magic / 
Beyond the dinosaurs! : sky dragons, sea monsters, mega-mammals, and other prehistoric beasts / 
Oswald / 
Please do feed the bears / 
QPootle 5 / 
Sophia, the alchemist's dog / 
Pesticides and wildlife / 
Green engineering / 
Genesis II : the re-creation of Black people / 
Tales from rhapsody home, or, What they don't tell you about senior living / 
Christmas on West Seventh Street / 
The basics of oil spill cleanup / 
Bark if you love me : a woman-meets-dog story / 
100 vegetables and where they came from / 
An American outrage : a novel of Quillifarkeag, Maine / 
Cantares : canticles and poems of youth, 1925-1932 / 
Selected poems = Poesía selecta / 
Women's tales from the New Mexico WPA : la diabla a pie / 
Harpo Marx at prayer : poems / 
Applied mathematics in integrated navigation systems / 
Maintenance management for water utilities / 
Commercial and institutional end uses of water / 
Sodium arsenite studies in p53+/-MICE / 
Win32 system programming : a Windows 2000 application developer's guide / 
Writing GNOME applications / 
God don't like ugly : African American women handing on spiritual values / 
Houses : a family memoir of grace / 
The whole story handbook : using imagery to complete the story experience / 
The woman who lost her soul : and other stories / 
Charting your course : how to prepare to teach more effectively / 
Yehudi Menuhin : a life / 
Prosperity and violence : the political economy of development / 
Building the rule of law / 
A fine boy for killing / 
Programming logic for business / 
Selected essays on the conflict of laws / 
Essentials of investments / 
The sky is falling / 
Introduction to computing systems : from bits and gates to C and beyond / 
The complete oil paintings of Edward Hopper / 
The complete watercolors of Edward Hopper / 
My child is back! / 
I was number 20832 at Auschwitz / 
Eureka! : poems about inventors / 
Quality planning and analysis : from product development through use / 
Life cycles / 
Let's celebrate Earth Day / 
Tiger Woods : drive to greatness / 
The earth encompassed : a history of the environmental sciences / 
Literary St. Louis : a guide / 
Architectural acoustics design guide / 
Tropical veterinary diseases : control and prevention in the context of the new world order / 
Driving shareholder value : value-building techniques for creating shareholder wealth / 
Color atlas and synopsis of clinical dermatology : common and serious diseases / 
From Attila to Charlemagne : arts of the early medieval period in the Metropolitan Museum of Art / 
Eve's seed : biology, the sexes, and the course of history / 
First mothers : the women who shaped the presidents / 
The pages of day and night / 
Amazing animals : 
Anna Karenina / 
Little women / 
Captive in the Congo : a consul's return to the heart of darkness / 
The waste land : authoritative text, contexts, criticism / 
Moby Dick, or, The whale / 
Middlemarch / 
Telling tales on Caesar : Roman stories from Phaedrus / 
Hume's problem : induction and the justification of belief / 
Logical properties : identity, existence, predication, necessity, truth / 
The Josquin companion / 
Morality, reflection, and ideology / 
Mendelssohn / 
The fatherhood of God from Origen to Athanasius / 
Moral particularism / 
The quiet mind / 
Real estate law for the homeowner & broker / 
Political institutions : democracy and social choice / 
Challenging immigration and ethnic relations politics : comparative European perspectives / 
Labor relations / 
Project management : best practices for IT professionals / 
Classical myth & culture in the cinema / 
The computer continuum / 
LINUX assembly language programming / 
Oracle8i & UNIX performance tuning / 
Passion rules! : inspiring women in business / 
The way of the cell : molecules, organisms, and the order of life / 
Promoting children's emotional well-being : messages from research / 
American immigration : a student companion / 
Makers of contemporary Islam / 
Roger Williams : prophet of liberty / 
Digital signal integrity : modeling and simulation with interconects and packages / 
Organizational change and innovation processes : theory and methods for research / 
Adobe Illustrator 9 : introduction to digital illustration / 
Prentice Hall's MOUS test preparation guide for Excel 2000 / 
Documentation requirements in non-acute care facilities and organizations / 
Iatrogenic multiple pregnancy : clinical implications  / 
Victor Bonney : the gynaecological surgeon of the twentieth century / 
Beyond idols : the shape of a secular society / 
Operator spaces / 
A woman's diagnose-it-yourself guide to health / 
On the halfpipe with-- Tony Hawk / 
American government : readings from across society / 
Running 101 / 
Computer numerical control simplified / 
Watercolor painting with passion! / 
A stay against confusion : essays on faith and fiction / 
The cloud sketcher : a novel / 
The origin diet : how eating like our stone age ancestors will maximize your health / 
What a hunter brings home / 
Knowledge management : the bibliography / 
From the first bite : a complete  guide to recovery from food addiction / 
Lessons from mergers : voices of experience / 
The uses of variety : modern Americanism and the quest for national distinctiveness / 
Round the circle : key experiences in movement for young children / 
The practice of response : strategies for commenting on student writing / 
Advancing aging policy as the 21st century begins / 
Reflections in a golden eye / 
Civic dialogue in the 1996 presidential campaign : candidate, media, and public voices / 
Building my Zen garden / 
Killer woman blues : why Americans can't think straight about gender and power / 
Mr. Wroe's virgins : a novel / 
Inside charter schools : the paradox of radical decentralization / 
Chronic fatigue syndrome : critical reviews and clinical advances / 
Contending theories of international relations : a comprehensive survey / 
Birds of North America / 
Decision-making in planning and teaching / 
Creating writers : through 6-trait writing assessment and instruction / 
How I survived the Irish famine : the journal of Mary O'Flynn / 
Ballerina flying / 
Racing around / 
Big bear ball / 
Youth basketball drills / 
What do angels wear? / 
On histories and stories : selected essays / 
Twilight time : a soldier's role in the Manhattan Project at Los Alamos / 
Coast guard action in Vietnam : stories of those who served / 
Acupuncture for everyone : what it is, why it works, and how it can help you / 
Money counts : how dollars dominate Illinois politics and what we can do about it / 
Beth Shaw's YogaFit / 
Time and chance / 
Nuclear dynamics in the nucleonic regime / 
The write start with readings : sentences to paragraphs / 
Jesus' resurrection : fact or figment? : a debate between William Lane Craig & Gerd Lüdemann / 
The great whale of Kansas / 
GLP quality audit manual / 
Anger among angels : shedding light on the darkness of the human soul / 
The Parrot's Beak : U.S. operations in Cambodia / 
How to write a love letter : putting what's in your heart on paper / 
The red wolf / 
Activities for striking a balance in early literacy / 
Supervisory skills for editors, news directors, and producers / 
How scary! / 
Brianna, Jamaica, and the Dance of Spring / 
Cairo / 
Screen deco / 
Forties screen style : a celebration of high pastiche in Hollywood / 
Designing dreams : modern architecture in the movies / 
From Third World to first : the Singapore story, 1965-2000 / 
A short guide to writing about film / 
Toward a global civilization? : the contribution of religions / 
Una revelación desde la escritura. Entrevistas a narradoras bolivianas / 
Interpretive images in the Songs of Songs : from wedding chariots to bridal chambers / 
Gender equality in Buddhism / 
Deception in Genesis : an investigation into the morality of a unique biblical phenomenon / 
Vico and Plato / 
In defiance of the law : from Anne Hutchinson to Toni Morrison / 
All the views fit to print : changing images of the U.S. in Pravda political cartoons, 1917-1991 / 
El español y su sintaxis / 
Clio, Eros, Thanatos : the "novela sentimental" in context / 
The last hot time / 
Mars crossing / 
Body politics : the female image in Luba art and the sculpture of Alison Saar / 
No messages / 
A kiss of adventure / 
A whisper of danger / 
Sex over 40 / 
Romania-- rural finance in transition economies / 
Interdisciplinarity : toward the definition of a metadiscipline? / 
Theodor Storm : das Spannungsverhältnis zwischen Glauben und Aberglauben in seinen Novellen / 
The pre-text of ethics : on Derrida and Levinas / 
The role of political and sexual identity in the works of Klaus Mann / 
Bowling : how to master the game / 
Blue coat or powdered wig : free people of color in pre-revolutionary Saint Domingue / 
The Korean War / 
Céline, Gadda, Beckett : experimental writings of the 1930s / 
Spaniards and Nazi Germany : collaboration in the new order / 
Mason & Dixon & Pynchon / 
Southern fried football : the history, passion, and glory of the great Southern game / 
The correspondence of Johann Amerbach : early printing in its social context / 
The London monster : a sanguinary tale / 
Bread for breakfast / 
How Raven found the daylight and other American Indian stories / 
Complete American presidents sourcebook / 
The opium of the intellectuals / 
A present of things past / 
Possible worlds / 
Sociology of law / 
Jews and Christians in twelfth-century Europe / 
All occasions / 
The Alaska highway : a geographical discovery / 
Pride of the Rockies : the life of Colorado's premiere Irish patron, John Kernan Mullen / 
The Colorado General Assembly / 
Medium of instruction in Hong Kong : policy and practice / 
Rhodesia : a lesson in African self-reliance / 
The soul of Methodism : the class meeting in early New York City Methodism / 
Pediatric ophthalmology : a clinical guide / 
Endoscopic evaluation and treatment of swallowing disorders / 
The perfect groom / 
An English murder / 
Irish eyes : a Callahan Garrity mystery / 
The cold hard fax / 
The Mauritius command / 
Christine / 
He shall thunder in the sky : an Amelia Peabody mystery / 
Here comes the sun! / 
Firestorm / 
Miss Seeton rocks the cradle / 
The fighting agents / 
Little women : a family romance / 
Eugene Odum : ecosystem ecologist & environmentalist / 
Fort Union and the upper Missouri fur trade / 
The Assiniboine / 
The orchid in lore and legend / 
Phalaenopsis : a monograph / 
Reading on the middle border : the culture of print in late nineteenth-century Osage, Iowa / 
At peril : stories of injustice / 
War's offensive on women : the humanitarian challenge in Bosnia, Kosovo, and Afghanistan / 
Diane Warner's complete book of children's parties : 
Colonial America on film and television : a filmography / 
The radical insufficiency of human life : the poetry of R. de Castro and J.A. Silva / 
Scenarios for writing : issues, analysis, and response / 
Mosby's pharmacology in nursing / 
Knitted shawls, stoles, & scarves / 
How to change your spouse and save your marriage / 
Sassy cats : purr-fect craft projects / 
Classic American airlines / 
Lionel : America's favorite toy trains / 
Life lessons and reflections / 
Work without wages : Russia's nonpayment crisis / 
The big six : US airlines / 
In search of refuge : Jews and US consuls in Nazi Germany, 1933-1941 / 
Italian sport cars / 
Porsche racing cars : a history of factory competition / 
Living life on purpose : discovering God's best for your life / 
Healing your child : an A-Z guide to using natural remedies / 
Porsche turbo : the full history of the race and production cars / 
The Opera 5.x book : browsing the Web with speed and style / 
Toad in town / 
Winning the talent wars / 
An introduction to America's music / 
Power, money, and media : communication patterns and bureaucratic control in cultural China / 
In our own words : writings from women's lives / 
Reflections on water : new approaches to transboundary conflicts and cooperation / 
Marketing without advertising / 
Resource management in real-time systems and networks / 
Internet marketing : readings and online resources / 
The American Revolution in the Southern colonies / 
Joseph Smith and the origins of the Book of Mormon / 
Life colors : what the colors in your aura reveal / 
A new world of simulators : training with technology / 
The Trinity : a journal / 
Network cabling for contractors / 
Incidents in the life of a slave girl : contexts, criticism / 
And they call them games : an inside view of the 1996 Olympics / 
Emerson's prose and poetry : authoritative texts, contexts, criticism / 
Mosquitoes / 
Butterflies / 
Fireflies / 
Dragonflies / 
Ladybugs / 
Days of slavery / 
The Civil War and Reconstruction / 
The Harlem Renaissance / 
Striving into 2000 / 
Crickets / 
The Civil Rights Movement / 
Kingdoms of Africa / 
Uŭ / 
Qq / 
Xx / 
Zz / 
Events leading to the American Revolution / 
Final years of the American Revolution / 
Early battles of the American Revolution / 
Shopping for furniture on the Internet : what you must know before you buy / 
Mom, Dad, I'm gay : how families negotiate coming out / 
Ride the butterflies : 
All that remains / 
Management of countertransference with borderline patients / 
Liver disease in children / 
Primary care pediatrics / 
Literacy assessment of second language learners / 
Durability 2000 : accelerated and outdoor weathering testing / 
Teaching and studying the Holocaust / 
Diagnostic medical parasitology / 
Technology for teaching / 
Music and metaphor in nineteenth-century British musicology / 
We gotta get out of this place : the true, tough story of women in rock / 
The art of objects : object-oriented design and architecture / 
Guidelines for instrumentation and measurements for monitoring dam performance / 
Race and education : the roles of history and society in educating African American students / 
Extreme programming installed / 
Heifetz as I knew him / 
The life of Woody Guthrie : there ain't nobody that can sing like me / 
The great good thing : a novel / 
The reluctant Messiah : an historical novel / 
Doing more with less : using long-term skills in short-term treatment / 
101 more favorite play therapy techniques / 
Why be Jewish? : a guide for discovering and maintaining Jewish traditions and values / 
The intuitive heart : how to trust your intuition for guidance and healing / 
Data warehouse project management / 
Black heat : a Nina Halligan mystery / 
Borderline personality disorder : a clinical guide / 
Treatment of suicidal patients in managed care / 
15 days of prayer with Meister Eckhart / 
My story / 
Johnny Appleseed : a voice in the wilderness : the story of the pioneer John Chapman : a tribute / 
How to probate & settle an estate yourself, without the lawyer's fees : the national probate kit / 
Nursing diagnoses in psychiatric nursing : care plans and psychotropic medications / 
Rivers in time : the search for clues to earth's mass extinctions / 
An experiential approach to organization development / 
The story of Tracy Beaker / 
Black angels / 
The autobiography of Meatball Finkelstein / 
Irish writing in the twentieth century : a reader / 
Peace and power : building communities for the future / 
Perspectives on Habermas / 
Bush pilot angler : a memoir / 
Leibniz in 90 minutes / 
Leibniz in 90 minutes / 
Corregidor : the American Alamo  of World War II / 
Love and cherish / 
Glorious dawn / 
Tierra del Fuego / 
Deep doo-doo and the mysterious e-mail / 
J.R. Simplot : a billion the hard way / 
The story of Anne Frank / 
Abraham Lincoln : lawyer, leader, legend / 
Feeding time / 
Rockets and spaceships / 
Horse show / 
Stowaway / 
Golf--Great Britain and Ireland : 
The spyglass : a story of faith / 
The European Union after the Treaty of Amsterdam / 
The United States and the origins of the Cold War, 1941-1947 / 
Topological methods in Euclidean spaces / 
Iroquois music and dance : ceremonial arts of two Seneca longhouses / 
Robbing drug dealers : violence beyond the law / 
Toasting marshmallows : camping poems / 
The Cuban Revolution and the United States : a history in documents, 1958-1960 / 
Jesus and the politics of interpretation / 
Multimodal teaching and learning : the rhetorics of the science classroom / 
1492 : the poetics of diaspora / 
Step-by-step yoga for pregnancy / 
Ultimate training for the martial arts / 
Savannah sketchbook / 
The elements of classical architecture / 
The Decameron : selected tales = Decameron : novelle scelte / 
To my husband and other poems / 
Matisse, Picasso, and Gertrude Stein, with two shorter stories / 
Northanger Abbey / 
The Koran : selected suras / 
The memoirs of Field-Marshal Wilhelm Keitel / 
Unforgettable : the life and mystique of Nat King Cole / 
The new Germany in the East : policy agendas and social developments since unification / 
Belorussia 1944 : the Soviet General Staff study / 
Peacemaking in a divided society : Israel after Rabin / 
Insatiable : a novel / 
The haunting of hip hop : a novel / 
German feminist writings / 
The leaf and the cloud / 
Tuscany and its wines / 
The dream and the tomb : a history of the Crusades / 
The atlas of animals  / 
The rabbit's bride / 
Sky, sea, the jetty, and me / 
Heroine of the Titanic : the real unsinkable Molly Brown / 
The three pigs / 
North across the border : the story of the Mexican Americans / 
A theatergoer's guide to Shakespeare / 
This timeless moment : a personal view of Aldous Huxley / 
How digital is your business? / 
Plants invade the land : evolutionary and environmental perspectives / 
Hearing / 
Touching / 
Animal babies / 
Animals of the sea and shore / 
Thailand / 
Animal homes / 
African animals / 
Seeing / 
Roy Lichtenstein / 
A day with a mechanic / 
A day with a plumber / 
A day with an electrician / 
The circus surprise / 
Europe / 
Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur / 
Asia / 
Africa / 
Cuba / 
Ukraine / 
Air pollution / 
Recycling / 
Endangered animals / 
God's scribe : the historiographical art of Galbert of Bruges / 
Backyard science / 
Clara and Buster go moondancing / 
With you all the way / 
Atlas of cardiovascular pathology for the clinician / 
The insulin-resistance diet : how to turn off your body's fat-making machine / 
Thoracic surgery / 
Electricity 1 : devices, circuits, and materials / 
Pain management : an interdisciplinary approach / 
Children in intensive care : a nurse's survival guide / 
Acupuncture in pregnancy and childbirth / 
Nursing practice : hospital and home : the adult / 
Golf / 
Tame the restless heart / 
K.I.S.S. guide to wine / 
Secrets of Bach flower remedies / 
The King of kings / 
The joy of prayer / 
A time for prayer / 
The border men : a novel / 
Your child's heart : building a strong character and a lasting faith / 
Weird Georgia : close encounters, strange creatures, and unexplained phenomena / 
Sister Wendy's American masterpieces / 
Sister Wendy's Impressionist masterpieces / 
Classroom games / 
Italy. The land / 
Italy. The people / 
Italy. The culture / 
Football in action / 
Horseback riding in action / 
Figure skating in action / 
China. The culture / 
China. The land / 
China. The people / 
Japan. The people / 
Japan. The culture / 
Japan. The land / 
California crazy and beyond : roadside vernacular architecture / 
Inside the live reptile tent : the twilight world of the carnival midway / 
Red scared! : the commie menace in propaganda and pop culture / 
Hatch Show Print : the history of a great American poster shop / 
Floral house : simple designs and decorations for the home / 
The sage garden : flowers and foliage for health and beauty / 
The Christmas cookie book / 
California pottery : 
Storage : recipes and ideas / 
Fishing / 
Forced migration in Central and Eastern Europe, 1939-1950 / 
Poker : bets, bluffs, and bad beats / 
The perfect day : 40 years of Surfer magazine / 
Calculus of variations / 
The glass mountain and other Polish fairy tales / 
Life beyond the line : a front-of-the-house companion for culinarians / 
Academic communities/disciplinary conventions / 
You are my I love you / 
Rossini / 
Global citizens : the Soka Gakkai Buddhist Movement in the world / 
The landowners of the Argentine Pampas : a social and political history, 1860-1945 / 
Four-handed dentistry : a handbook of clinical application and ergonomic concepts / 
Macroeconomics and the real world / 
The nature and dynamics of organizational capabilities / 
Ideal code, real world : a rule-consequentialist theory of morality / 
Objectivity and insight / 
Vivaldi / 
Work-lifestyle choices in the 21st Century : preference theory / 
Britten / 
Nature, sex, and goodness in a Medieval literary tradition / 
Collationes / 
The First World War / 
The letters of Peter of Celle / 
Parties without partisans : political change in advanced industrial democracies / 
Anabaptist theology in face of postmodernity : a proposal for the third millennium / 
Florida Keys impressions / 
The first time / 
The sacred paths of the West / 
Radical women in Latin America : left and right / 
Conrad Richter : a writer's life / 
Moonlight miracle / 
The genesis wave / 
The hallelujah highway : a history of the catechumenate / 
Bounded missions : military regimes and democratization in the Southern Cone and Brazil / 
The philosophy of human rights / 
God's healing strategy : an introduction to the Bible's main themes / 
The practical coach : management skills for everyday life / 
Girl talk / 
Breathing room / 
The King's body : the sacred rituals of power in medieval and early modern Europe / 
God in the laboratory : equipping Christians to deal with issues in bioethics / 
The inventor's kit : a complete workbook for filing U.S. patents, trademarks & copyrights / 
Total intravenous anaesthesia / 
The cat Z / 
Homology of linear groups / 
The ferret handbook / 
The transform and data compression handbook / 
The last Tasmanian tiger : the history and extinction of the thylacine / 
Miso cookery / 
Louis XVI, Marie-Antoinette, and the French Revolution / 
Swindlers / 
Gangsters / 
Delilah : a novel / 
The Swiss family Perelman / 
The last laugh / 
Baby, it's cold inside / 
The rising gorge / 
Outlaws / 
Servant leaders : a practical guide for deacons / 
The fly fisher's guide to crimes of passion : more sedition from the master of meander / 
The crime fighter : how you can make your community crime free / 
Turning back : the retreat from racial justice in American thought and policy / 
The thundering years : rituals and sacred wisdom for teens / 
Neurotica : Jewish writers on sex / 
Thermal design of electronic equipment / 
Applied statistics with Microsoft Excel / 
Mental health nursing : the art of compassionate care / 
Baby & me : the essential guide to pregnancy / 
100+ tactics for office politics / 
Beholding the glory : incarnation through the arts / 
The quotable walker / 
New thinking in technical analysis : trading models from the masters / 
The Cambridge world history of food / 
The noble eightfold path : way to the end of suffering / 
Culture in communication : analyses of intercultural situations / 
Jeanmarie and the FBI / 
The reappearance of Sam Webber / 
Spider thread / 
The stress management sourcebook / 
AstroNavPC and compact data 2001-2005 : astro-navigation methods and software for the PC / 
Environmental tobacco smoke / 
Quality and reliability in analytical chemistry / 
The handbook of astronomical image processing / 
Citrus crate labels of Florida / 
Handbook of nutraceuticals and functional foods / 
Alcohol and coffee use in the aging / 
Image interpretation in geology / 
Genome visualization by classic methods in light microscopy / 
In situ hybridization in light microscopy / 
A first course in differential equations with modeling applications / 
A history of English reflexive pronouns : person, self, and interpretability / 
Imagining the Anglo-Saxon past / 
Abduction, belief, and context in dialogue : studies in computational pragmatics / 
The mathematics of finance : modeling and hedging / 
The rebirth of Europe / 
That's what friends are for / 
"Let's get a pup!" said Kate / 
Elizabeth I and Tudor England / 
Handel, who knew what he liked / 
The guide to United States popular culture / 
Turning points : decisive moments in the history of Christianity / 
Recent criticism of James Joyce's Ulysses : an analytical review / 
Silent warrior : the Marine sniper's Vietnam story continues / 
Viking America : the first millennium / 
The case for faith : a journalist investigates the toughest objections to Christianity / 
Helping your struggling teenager : a parenting handbook on thirty-six common problems / 
Loving and letting go : the key to being a good mom / 
Understanding society : an introductory reader / 
I see myself / 
Off to Bethlehem! / 
Mankind's oedipal destiny : libidinal and aggressive aspects of sexuality / 
Basic grammar in action : an integrated course in English / 
Building a contagious church : revolutionizing the way we view and do evangelism / 
The Writer's Digest flip dictionary / 
Not just one in eight : stories of breast cancer survivors and their families / 
Poems written at the Huntington Library / 
The agricultural revolution of the 20th century / 
Remembering : a phenomenological study / 
Imagining : a phenomenological study / 
A portrait of Southern writers / 
Playwriting master class : the personality of process and the art of rewriting / 
Jacqueline / 
The terrible voyage / 
Inspector Queen's own case : November song / 
The problem of race in the twenty-first century / 
Nonlinearity in structural dynamics : detection, identification, and modelling / 
Shop reference for students and apprentices / 
Peak performance fitness : maximizing your fitness potential without injury or strain / 
Ghost writing : haunted tales by contemporary writers / 
Kevin and me : tourette syndrome and the magic power of music therapy :  a mothers story / 
Prime leaf : a novel of the Kentucky tobacco wars / 
The case against standardized testing : raising the scores, ruining the schools / 
Living beyond multiple sclerosis : a women's guide / 
The God experiment : can science prove the existence of God? / 
Whispers from the cotton tree root : Caribbean fabulist fiction / 
Thelordismyshepherd.com : seeking God in cyberspace / 
Sleepy book / 
When Mommy and Daddy go to work / 
Cat, what is that? / 
Where is? / 
Traveling man : the journey of Ibn Battuta, 1325-1354 / 
Red, white, blue, and Uncle who? : the stories behind some of America's patriotic symbols / 
The sketches of Louisa May Alcott / 
The Halloween parade / 
The school play / 
Troy / 
Mama, don't go! / 
Girl reporter bytes back! / 
The flying witch / 
Hug me / 
How animal babies stay safe / 
Run if you dare / 
Mountain pose / 
Authorized personnel only / 
Henry James as a biographer : a self among others / 
Linking practice and theory : the pedagogy of realistic teacher education / 
Life abundant : rethinking theology and economy for a planet in peril / 
The faeries' oracle / 
Best easy day hikes, Joshua Tree / 
Best easy day hikes, Anza-Borrego / 
Best easy day hikes, Death Valley / 
Distant alliances : promoting education for girls and women in Latin America / 
The wisdom and witness of Dietrich Bonhoeffer / 
Hiking Arizona's Superstition and Mazatzal country / 
Hiking Florida / 
Temperament in context / 
What do you really want? : how to set a goal and go for it! : a guide for teens / 
Wave mechanics for ocean engineering / 
Darwin2K : an evolutionary approach to automated design for robotics / 
Flight : my life in mission control / 
Expedition canoeing : a guide to canoeing wild rivers in North America / 
Fly fishing the Pacific inshore : strategies for estuaries, bays, and beaches / 
Heroin / 
The pursuit of excellence through education / 
Computational, geometric, and process perspectives on facial cognition : contexts and challenges / 
British novelists since 1960. Fourth series / 
Lo que debes saber sobre tu salud / 
The mental anatomies of William Godwin and Mary Shelley / 
Martin Luther King, Jr. and the March on Washington / 
Princess Dinosaur / 
Jiggle joggle jee! / 
Penny Town justice / 
Kara / 
Long road turning / 
Designing the fitness program : a guide for public safety organizations / 
The Kosovo conflict : a diplomatic history through documents / 
To redeem one person is to redeem the world : the life of Frieda Fromm-Reichmann / 
The sociology of race and ethnicity / 
Elections and democratization in the Philippines / 
Michael Bloomfield : if you love these blues / 
The ambivalences of medieval religious drama / 
A bushel of pearls : painting for sale in eighteenth-century Yangchow / 
Rewriting the Jew : assimilation narratives in the Russian empire / 
Difference and disavowal : the trauma of Eros / 
The romantic performative : language and action in British and German romanticism / 
The matter of the facts : on invention and interpretation / 
Being singular plural / 
Niklas Luhmann's modernity : the paradoxes of differentiation / 
Canon EOS Elan II/IIE, EOS 50/50E / 
Unconscious wisdom : a superego function in dreams, conscience, and inspiration / 
From paesani to white ethnics : the Italian experience in Philadelphia / 
Mall : a novel / 
Nikon N80, F80 / 
The troubling play of gender : the Phaedra dramas of Tsvetaeva, Yourcenar, and H.D. / 
Ashes to ashes : mourning and social difference in F. Scott Fitzgerald's fiction / 
Circles : 50 round trips through history, technology, science, culture / 
Be the ball : a golf instruction book for the mind / 
Inspired sleep : a novel / 
Kaiulani : the people's princess / 
The arthritis action program : an integrated plan of traditional and complementary therapies / 
Storey's guide to raising ducks / 
Storey's guide to raising turkeys / 
Allies across the border : Mexico's "Authentic Labor Front" and global solidarity / 
Loving in the war years : lo que nunca pasó por sus labios / 
Feng shui dos & taboos / 
Making holiday wreaths / 
Behavioral neurobiology : the cellular organization of natural behavior / 
Welcome to Indonesia / 
Welcome to Myanmar / 
Welcome to Israel / 
Welcome to Ireland / 
Rethinking the communicative turn : Adorno, Habermas, and the problem of communicative freedom / 
Who translates? : translator subjectivities beyond reason / 
Destiny and human initiative in the Mahābhārata  / 
Sexual dimorphism of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis and the amygdala / 
Ecosystem approaches to landscape management in Central Europe / 
Executive control and the frontal lobe : current issues / 
Reflection and software engineering / 
Mechanical microsensors / 
Virtual clothing : theory and practice / 
Mammalian carbohydrate recognition systems / 
Steppenwolf : Steppenwolf Theatre Company, twenty-five years of an actor's theater / 
And the fans roared : the sports broadcasts that kept us on the edge of our seats / 
The Second City : backstage at the world's greatest comedy theater / 
Worker exposure to agrochemicals : methods for monitoring and assessment / 
The oxygen man : a novel / 
Language and linguisticality in Gadamer's hermeneutics / 
On her own ground : the life and times of Madam C.J. Walker / 
A long-gone sun : a poem / 
Learning from cyber-savvy students : how Internet-age kids impact classroom teaching / 
The nine worlds : a dictionary of Norse mythology / 
Essentials of medical transcription : a modular approach / 
The Shawnee Indians : an annotated bibliography / 
Shakespeare and minorities : an annotated bibliography, 1970-2000 / 
Anthony Newman : music, energy, spirit, healing / 
Learn Library of Congress subject access / 
Pocahontas / 
Designs on space : blueprints for 21st century space exploration / 
Our Vietnam : the war, 1954-1975 / 
Eyewitness to power : the essence of leadership : Nixon to Clinton / 
Life lessons : two experts on death and dying teach us about the mysteries of life and living / 
Girl in the curl : a century of women in surfing / 
Storey's guide to raising dairy goats / 
Germans in Wisconsin / 
The social studies curriculum : purposes, problems, and possibilities / 
Tax increment financing and economic development : uses, structures, and impacts / 
The search for social salvation : social Christianity and America, 1880-1925 / 
A Milwaukee woman's life on the left : the autobiography of Meta Berger / 
365 ways to energize mind, body & soul / 
I'm glad you are my sister : 
An account of the Pelew Islands / 
New Zealand / 
Indoor environmental quality / 
The force of fantasy : restoring the American dream / 
Chōshū in the Meiji restoration / 
Bosnia and Herzegovina / 
Street magic / 
John Singer Sargent : the sensualist / 
Final acts : a novel / 
Lowcountry scenes / 
The cat who covered the world : the adventures of Henrietta and her foreign correspondent / 
POTUS speaks : finding the words that defined the Clinton presidency / 
Handbook of clinical ophthalmology for eyecare professionals / 
Neuro-ophthalmology : review manual / 
Evaluating critical care : using health services research to improve quality / 
Periodontology for the dental hygienist / 
Atlas of peripheral nerve surgery / 
Mathematical methods of quantum optics / 
Intuitive combinatorial topology / 
New essays on the a priori / 
The politics of the Euro-zone : stability or breakdown? / 
Population and economy : from hunger to modern economic growth / 
Proustian passions : the uses of self-justification for A la recherche du temps perdu / 
A dictionary of the history of science / 
The politics of human rights : a global perspective / 
Ideology and the development of sociological theory / 
The sacred paths of the East / 
The responsibility of states for international crimes / 
Spinal cord injury : functional rehabilitation / 
Emotional branding : how successful brands gain the irrational edge / 
After-hours trading made easy : master the risk and reward of extended-hours trading / 
Wearable art with Sondra : over 75 fun and easy craft projects to make and wear / 
Bouncing science / 
Tradewinds & coconuts : a reminiscence & recipes from the Pacific Islands / 
Meditations on the life of Christ / 
Measuring & modelling sustainable development / 
The Civil War and Reconstruction : a student companion / 
Prentice Hall's MOUS test preparation guide for PowerPoint 2000 / 
Eighteenth-century women playwrights / 
Miscellanies in prose and verse by Pope, Swift, and Gay / 
The Pamela controversy : criticisms and adaptations of Samuel Richardson's Pamela, 1740-1750 / 
Drama : classical to contemporary / 
Child's guide to the Mass / 
A tale from Paleface Creek / 
The lost children of Wilder : the epic struggle to change foster care / 
Morning / 
An accented cinema : exilic and diasporic filmmaking / 
Imagining the Catholic Church : structured communion in the spirit / 
The heritage of Chinese civilization / 
Symbolic interactionism : an introduction, an interpretation, an integration / 
The corruption of angels : the great Inquisition of 1245-1246 / 
Images in mind : statues in archaic and classical Greek literature and thought / 
T.E. Lawrence--a bibliography / 
Five centuries of violence in Finland and the Baltic Area / 
Style and structure in Biblical Hebrew narrative / 
Overcoming depression : a step-by-step approach to gaining control over depression / 
Cytokine cell biology : a practical approach / 
Mine eyes have seen the glory : a journey into the evangelical subculture in America / 
A unified theory of verbal and nominal projections / 
How steam locomotives really work? / 
Understanding TIAA-CREF : how to plan for a secure and comfortable retirement / 
Primary sources of liturgical theology : a reader / 
Prayer in practice : a biblical approach / 
Blue gold : a novel from the Numa files / 
Designed for dignity : what God has made it possible for you to be / 
Living the hospitality of God / 
Origins of modern witchcraft  : the evolution of a world religion / 
The myth of more : and other lifetraps that sabotage the happiness you deserve / 
The Cross in Christian tradition : from Paul to Bonaventure / 
Astrology for self-empowerment : techniques for reclaiming your sacred power / 
The law of alternative dispute resolution / 
Helium three / 
Antimicrobial chemotherapy / 
Cytokine molecular biology : a practical approach / 
The art of poetry : how to read a poem / 
Excursions in world music / 
Our secret constitution : how Lincoln redefined American democracy / 
Weight Watcher's simply the best all American : 
Up a creek / 
Troubleshooting your PC bible / 
Fires of hatred : ethnic cleansing in twentieth-century Europe / 
Governments, citizens, and genocide : a comparative and interdisciplinary approach / 
Denazification in Soviet-occupied Germany : Brandenburg, 1945-1948 / 
Multiethnic Japan / 
The Holy Spirit : works & gifts / 
Should I get married? / 
The pie is cherry / 
Survival and change / 
Squarehead / 
Prairie home breads : 150 splendid recipes from America's breadbasket / 
Dynamite salary negotiations : know what you're worth and get it! / 
Brain tumor immunotherapy / 
Nutritional health : strategies for disease prevention / 
One of the problems of Everett Anderson / 
Brotherhoods of color : black railroad workers and the struggle for equality / 
Aging and spirituality : spiritual dimensions of aging theory, research, practice, and policy / 
The city kid / 
Growing up in New Guinea : a comparative study of primitive education / 
Values : a study guide with readings / 
Intention / 
All things possible : my story of faith, football, and the miracle season / 
A boatowner's guide to using PCs on board / 
Reading reminders : tools, tips, and techniques / 
The moral stake in education : contested premises and practices / 
Coming of age in Samoa : a psychological study of primitive youth for western civilisation / 
Chimp math : learning about time from a baby chimpanzee / 
The dog who loved the good life / 
Morning song / 
The bug cemetery / 
The three little kittens / 
That's good! that's bad! in the Grand Canyon / 
Iron man, iron horse / 
Outcasts of Canyon Creek / 
Traveling light / 
Mitten strings for God : reflections for mothers in a hurry / 
Beyond the pass / 
The stalking moon / 
Reframing Paul : conversations in grace & community / 
Golf past 50 / 
Regarding Karl Barth : toward a reading of his theology / 
Dictionary of New Testament background / 
The IVP Bible background commentary : Old Testament / 
Honor, patronage, kinship & purity : unlocking New Testament culture / 
The official guide to Informix/Red Brick data warehousing / 
PHP 4 bible / 
HTML 4.01 weekend crash course / 
Grandparents as carers of children with disabilities : facing the challenges / 
Quads, shoeboxes, and sunken living rooms : a history of Los Alamos housing / 
The web of knowledge : a festschrift in honor of Eugene Garfield / 
New technologies and reference services / 
The struggle for democracy / 
Academic research on the Internet : options for scholars and libraries / 
Buzzwords : a scientist muses on sex, bugs, and rock'n roll / 
The treasures and pleasures of Egypt : best of the best / 
Field guide to Indiana wildflowers / 
The air lost in breathing : poems / 
Toy guns : stories / 
Naming the winds : a high plains apprenticeship / 
Men's feminism : August Bebel and the German socialist movement / 
He is my heaven : the life of Elizabeth of the Trinity / 
The last log of the Titanic / 
A dictionary of stylistics / 
Tourism in the Antarctic : opportunities, constraints, and future prospects / 
Latino truck driver trade : sex and HIV in Central America / 
Dr. Atkins' new diet revolution / 
Undercurrents / 
The seven six-gunners / 
Complex analysis for mathematics and engineering / 
Test your science IQ / 
The Slate diaries / 
Life in the air : surviving the new culture of air travel / 
Tangled up in red, white, and blue : new social movements in America / 
No angel in the classroom : teaching through feminist discourse / 
Fundamentals of nursing : the art & science of nursing care / 
Robert Smith : architect, builder, patriot, 1722-1777 / 
Business owners who are blind or visually impaired / 
Formulating detergents and personal care products : a [complete] guide to product development / 
SSL and TLS : designing and building secure systems / 
Speech science : an integrated approach to theory and clinical practice / 
Collected stories, 1911-1937 / 
Collected stories, 1891-1910 / 
Pindar and the Renaissance hymn-ode, 1450-1700 / 
Rick Steves' Europe 101 : history and art for the traveler / 
Practical strategies for library managers / 
Children & libraries : getting it right / 
Death by theory : a tale of mystery and archaeological theory / 
Alistair Cooke : a biography / 
Errant selves : a casebook of misbehavior / 
The Channel fleet and the blockade of Brest, 1793-1801 / 
An age of equipoise? : reassessing mid-Victorian Britain / 
To Hanoi and back : the United States Air Force and North Vietnam, 1966-1973 / 
E-service : 24 ways to keep your customers when the competition is just a click away / 
Buon appetito, your holiness : the secrets of the Papal table / 
Chapman's orthopaedic surgery / 
Olanzapine (Zyprexa) : a novel antipsychotic / 
Physiology of the heart / 
Optional federal chartering and regulation of insurance companies / 
Statistical analysis for the social sciences : an interactive approach / 
The environment and society reader / 
Standby and commercial letters of credit / 
Advanced programming for the Java 2 platform / 
Schindler House / 
A survey of communication disorders for the classroom teacher / 
International oil and gas ventures : a business perspective / 
Principles of criminal law / 
Theory in context and out / 
Loving Picasso : the private journal of Fernande Olivier / 
The nuts & bolts of Christian education : practical wisdom for teachers & leaders / 
Steal a pencil for me : love letters from Camp Bergen-Belsen, Westerbork / 
Visual digital culture : surface play and spectacle in new media genres / 
The Scotch metaphysics : a century of enlightenment in Scotland / 
Industry and environment in Latin America / 
The emergence of ecological modernisation : integrating the environment and the economy? / 
Knowledge, space, economy / 
Politics and the press in Thailand : media machinations / 
Loop tiling for parallelism / 
Domain modeling-based software engineering : a formal approach / 
Dairy industry restructuring / 
Fracture of polymers, composites, and adhesives / 
Jesus as brother : what Christianity owes America / 
Mentoring across generations : partnerships for positive youth development / 
Culture and customs of Venezuela / 
Culture and customs of Nigeria / 
Great debates at the United Nations : an encyclopedia of fifty key issues 1945-2000 / 
Education matters : selected essays by Alan B. Krueger / 
What do you know? : the ultimate test of common (and not so common) knowledge / 
A collection of performance tasks and rubrics : foreign languages / 
Economic principles for education : theory and evidence / 
An Ambrose Bierce companion / 
Teaching Faulkner : approaches and methods / 
Hotel Lautréamont / 
Postcolonial and queer theories : intersections and essays / 
The history of China / 
The Ernest Bloch companion / 
The hunter / 
Snapshots : 20th century mother-daughter fiction / 
The present moment / 
Ice wreck / 
Miami makes the play / 
Endangered lighthouses : stories and images of America's disappearing lighthouses / 
The big book of cats : fun facts, fascinating anecdotes, and quotations about felines / 
The elements of physical chemistry : with applications in biology / 
Novel macromolecules in food systems / 
Arenas of comfort in adolescence : a study of adjustment in context / 
Political leadership / 
Winter trails. Montana : the best cross-country ski & snowshoe trails / 
Career counseling for African Americans / 
Social influences on ethical behavior in organizations / 
Critiquing free speech : First Amendment theory and the challenge of interdisciplinarity / 
A Short history of writing instruction : from ancient Greece to modern America / 
The power of Tiananmen : state-society relations and the 1989 Beijing student movement / 
Mullahs on the mainframe : Islam and modernity among the Daudi Bohras / 
Reinventing Khomeini : the struggle for reform in Iran / 
Difficult reputations : collective memories of the evil, inept, and controversial / 
Survivor : the ultimate game : the official companion book to the CBS television show / 
Light waves : fine tuning the mind / 
Emplaced myth : space, narrative, and knowledge in Aboriginal Australia and Papua New Guinea / 
Absolute delusion, perfect Buddhahood : the rise and fall of a Chinese heresy / 
Panic and deaf : two modern satires / 
Quotable Joe : words of wisdom by and about Joe Paterno, college football's coaching icon / 
Miami, U.S.A. / 
Democracy after slavery : Black publics and peasant radicalism in Haiti and Jamaica / 
Being up-to-date : Foucault, Sartre, and postmodernity / 
The body abject : self and text in Jean Genet and Samuel Becket / 
The one-eyed man : social reality in the German novel 1848-1968 / 
Essays on French comic drama from the 1640s to the 1780s / 
The unconscious in Proust's A la recherche du temps perdu / 
Conceptions of unity in recent ecumenical discussion : a philosophical anaylsis / 
Tense and aspect in Japanese and English / 
Poussin and French dynastic ideology / 
Steve Jobs : thinks different / 
Alternative medicine / 
The handbook of the new Eastern Europe / 
Jeff Bezos : king of Amazon / 
Marc Andreessen : Web warrior / 
Enrique Iglesias / 
Cryobanking the genetic resource : wildlife conservation for the future? / 
Information systems for urban planning : a hypermedia co-operative approach / 
Voice within the void : poems of Homo supinus / 
Metropolis in the making : Los Angeles in the 1920s / 
The day they took my uncle, and other stories / 
Loons / 
Work and spirit : a reader of new spiritual paradigms for organzations / 
Permafrost : a guide to frozen ground in transition / 
Paper lanterns / 
The young lions / 
Before Jim Crow : the politics of race in postemancipation Virginia / 
Sewing stylish home projects : over 30 accessories for your home / 
Crossing boundaries : attending to early modern women / 
The critical study of work : labor, technology, and global production / 
Yip! Snap! Yap! / 
Liv Tyler / 
The surfin'ary : a dictionary of surfing terms and surfspeak / 
The great potato book / 
The Heaven on Seven cookbook : where it's Mardi Gras all the time! / 
Surgical oncology / 
Shocking violence : youth perpetrators and victims--a multidisciplinary perspective / 
Enduring, surviving, and thriving as a law enforcement executive / 
The way of passion : a celebration of Rumi / 
The return of the mother / 
Young investigators : the project approach in the early years / 
Ethical issues in practitioner research / 
Educating and caring for very young children : the infant/toddler curriculum / 
Pianists, on and off the record : the collected essays of Jan Holcman / 
Computing with cells and atoms : an introduction to quantum, DNA, and membrane computing / 
Prophecy in the church : the vision of Yves Congar / 
Landmarks in German poetry / 
Jove laughs, they say : Lewinsky as text / 
Destined to live / 
Democracy--a failure, shefocracy--the solution, for human welfare / 
Immortal longings : meeting Jesus along the way : an introduction to the study of Jesus / 
Moral moments / 
Male rage, female fury : gender and violence in contemporary American fiction / 
Painting Shakespeare red : an East-European appropriation / 
Terra : cooking from the heart of Napa Valley / 
Working out with phonological awareness / 
More story making! : using predictable literature to develop communication / 
Requiem at the refuge / 
A handful of heaven / 
Katsina : commodified and appropriated images of Hopi supernaturals / 
White papers, black marks : architecture, race, culture / 
Magnetic north : [Canadian experimental video] / 
Chasing science : science as spectator sport / 
The American West : the invention of a myth / 
Yawn! : bedtime reading for insomniacs / 
San Francisco seafood : savory recipes from everybody's favorite seafood city / 
Shirtless : the Hollywood male physique / 
The Oxford treatise and disputation on the Eucharist, 1549 / 
Lost in Death Valley : the true story of four families in California's gold rush / 
Barbara Jordan : getting things done / 
Rules of the road / 
A door near here / 
Life in the fat lane / 
Shiva's fire / 
Ophelia speaks : adolescent girls write about their search for self / 
Heroes / 
Trust a woman? / 
White magic / 
Feedback control systems : a fast-track guide for scientists and engineers / 
Studies on the structure of time : from physics to psycho(patho)logy / 
Orchids : a care manual / 
Chronic pain in later life : a selectively annotated bibliography / 
Structure protection in the I-zone : focusing your wildland experience for the urban interface / 
The story of Ferdinand / 
The companion to Great expectations / 
Daniel J. Boorstin : a comprehensive and selectively annotated bibliography / 
Louise in love : poems / 
Don Diablo : a western story / 
Double-cross : a Western story / 
Rangle River : stories of the West / 
The red eagle : a western trio / 
Until darkness disappears / 
The sting of Señorita Scorpion : a western trio / 
The Buchmans : a western story / 
All the long years : western stories / 
The three little pigs / 
Racial castration : managing masculinity in Asian America / 
Basic essentials. Snowshoeing / 
From the field to the legislature : a history of women in the Virgin Islands / 
Moving heaven & earth : a personal journey into international adoption / 
Jumpstarters : 100 games to spark discussions / 
Perfect wives, other women : adultery and inquisition in early modern Spain / 
The color of sex : whiteness, heterosexuality, and the fictions of white supremacy / 
Antigen retrieval techniques : immunohistochemistry and molecular morphology / 
From brass to gold / 
Functional and morphological imaging of the endocrine system / 
Adipose tissue / 
International public policy and regionalism at the turn of the century / 
How to start a home-based day-care business / 
Science and the riddle of consciousness : a solution / 
Close romantic relationships : maintenance and enhancement / 
Skills for living / 
Alcohol / 
Goals for living : managing your resources / 
Contemporary living / 
Strengthening family & self / 
Staying strong : a senior's guide to a more active and independent life / 
Guide to good food / 
The fractal structure of data reference : applications to the memory hierarchy / 
Subterranean ecosystems / 
The arch of Kerguelen : voyage to the Islands of Desolation / 
Readings on One day in the life of Ivan Denisovich / 
William J. Clinton / 
Romantic days and nights in Washington, D.C. : intimate escapes in the Capital / 
Hank's story / 
Where's my monkey? / 
Robert and the Robot / 
Circus Girl / 
Africa by road : 4WD, motorbike, bicycle, truck / 
Let's go / 
The very best door of all / 
How to restore your motorcycle / 
Current therapy of infectious disease / 
Microsoft Age of empires II : the conqueror's expansion : inside moves / 
This wired home : the Microsoft guide to home networking / 
MCSE Microsoft Windows 2000 professional readiness review; exam 70-210 / 
Approaches to teaching Boccaccio's Decameron / 
Fire and memory : on architecture and energy / 
The sweet breathing of plants : women writing on the green world / 
The great experiment : faith and freedom in America / 
Television sitcom factbook : over 8,700 details from 130 shows, 1985-2000 / 
Lose 200 lbs. this weekend / 
Mirrors of paradise : the gardens of Fernando Caruncho / 
Nighthawks and irises : poems about paintings / 
The folklore of China's Islamic salar nationality / 
An annotated bibliography of Mary McLeod Bethune's Chicago defender columns, 1948-1955 / 
Religious art in the nineteenth century in Europe and America / 
The human body in health & disease / 
Foundations of library and information science / 
The log of the Vigilante / 
The introduction of the ironclad warship / 
The language of new media / 
Microfilm resources for research : 
Seasons of a woman's life / 
Resistance! : occupied Europe and its defiance of Hitler / 
Impala, 1958-2000 / 
The analogical mind : perspectives from cognitive science / 
The Malory debate : essays on the texts of Le morte Darthur / 
Kindred spirits : how the remarkable bond between humans and animals can change the way we live / 
The O'Reilly factor : the good, bad, and completely ridiculous in American life / 
Revelation : making sense of John's visions / 
Handbook of lasers / 
Social economics : market behavior in a social environment / 
Lionel Murphy : a political biography / 
Evidence problems and materials / 
The American boy's book of sports and games : 
Sorrow's company : writers on loss and grief / 
Forest conservation genetics : principles and practice / 
Romanticism : an anthology with CD ROM / 
The Raymond Williams reader / 
Subversion : a romantic suspense story / 
The emergence of monasticism : from the Desert Fathers to the early Middle Ages / 
Cultural theory : an introduction / 
Intercultural communication : a discourse approach / 
Culture and pedagogy : international comparisons in primary education / 
Logical forms : an introduction to philosophical logic / 
Second language syntax : a generative introduction / 
Developing competent youth and strong communities through after-school programming / 
Gob's grief / 
Conversations with Papa Charlie : a memory of Charles E. Smith / 
Reading digital culture / 
Anthropology : theoretical practice in culture and society / 
Black feminist cultural criticism / 
Descartes to Derrida : an introduction to European philosophy / 
A history of English : a sociolinguistic approach / 
Linguistic anthropology : a reader / 
Differential equations with boundary-value problems / 
The ape and the sushi master : cultural reflections by a primatologist / 
Renewing the center : evangelical theology in a post-theological era / 
Isaiah's new Exodus in Mark / 
Statistical methods for anaesthesia and intensive care / 
Get your first book published : and make it a success / 
Abused : a guide to recovery for adult survivors of emotional, physical child abuse / 
Making space : merging theory and practice in adult education / 
Shattering the denial : protocols for the classroom and beyond / 
The complete guide to homeschooling / 
The complete book of wild turkey hunting : a handbook of techniques and strategies / 
American technology / 
The resource handbook of electronics / 
The Twelver Shia in modern times : religious culture & political history / 
Chilled foods : a comprehensive guide / 
Biochemistry and molecular biology of vitamin B6 and PQQ-dependent proteins / 
The breastfeeding sourcebook : everything you need to know / 
The depression sourcebook / 
Secrets of power negotiating : inside secrets from a master negotiator / 
How to be an instant expert : 6 steps to being an authority on any subject / 
50 ways to create great relationships : how to stop taking and start giving / 
Let's go into business together : 8 secrets to successful business partnering / 
Smoke : poems / 
Parthenopi : new and selected poems / 
Jeanmarie and the runaways / 
Antidepressants / 
Neuroscientific basis of dementia / 
Principles and practice of pharmacology for anaesthetists / 
General ecology / 
Nano- and microelectromechanical systems : fundamentals of nano- and microengineering / 
The cock's spur / 
Elements of noncommutative geometry / 
The face-lift sourcebook / 
Infinite length modules / 
Hydrology and water resources engineering / 
Agricultural technologies and tropical deforestation / 
Lie algebras of bounded operators / 
Nutrition and the strength athlete / 
Multi-layer channel routing complexity and algorithms / 
Trace elements in soils and plants / 
Insects on palms / 
Dogs, zoonoses, and public health / 
Nevada / 
Handbook of pragmatics. [1998 installment / 
Si Dios está a tu lado-- no estarás jamás a solas : una colección de poemas / 
Te quiero, mamá : una colección de poemas / 
Basic skills in psychotherapy and counseling / 
SpiritFruit : the graces of the Spirit-filled life / 
Sasanian society / 
Tourism ecolabelling : certification and promotion of sustainable management / 
The money manias : the eras of great speculation in America, 1770-1970 / 
Stock-car racing lives / 
Fighting infection in the 21st century / 
Pierre S. Du Pont and the making of the modern corporation / 
Fundamentals of power electronics / 
Optical communications components and systems : analysis, design, optimization, application / 
Boundary and finite elements : theory and problems / 
The emotional nature of qualitative research / 
Alexander of Aphrodisias on the cosmos / 
Art is work : [graphic design, interiors, objects, and illustrations] / 
Lotus Domino administration in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference / 
Word 2000 in a nutshell : a power user's quick reference / 
The new imperial economy : the British army and the American frontier / 
Acts of God : the unnatural history of natural disaster in America / 
Women and ageing in British society since 1500 / 
Simon says / 
Encountering the past in nature : essays in environmental history / 
From detached concern to empathy : humanizing medical practice / 
Sinophiles and sinophobes : Western views of China / 
The unwanted : a memoir / 
La Navidad hispana at home and at church / 
Candlemaking for fun & profit / 
Jewelry making for fun & profit / 
Learning business statistics with Microsoft Excel 2000 / 
Tip O'Neill and the Democratic century / 
The war for South Viet Nam, 1954-1975 / 
Enterprise Java performance / 
Between Rome and Jerusalem : 300 years of Roman-Judaean relations / 
Creating an economic development action plan : a guide for development professionals / 
Drug guide for paramedics / 
Adobe InDesign 1.5 : advanced electronic mechanicals / 
Robotic explorations : a hands-on introduction to engineering / 
Government, business, and the American economy / 
Who runs for the legislature? / 
Island / 
The Brazilian economy : growth and development / 
Twentieth-century roots of rhetorical studies / 
From Alice to Buena Vista : the films of Wim Wenders / 
The prudential presidency : an Aristotelian approach to presidential leadership / 
Capital, emerging high-growth firms and public policy : the case against federal intervention / 
The myriad Christ : plurality and the quest for unity in contemporary Christology / 
Right backed by might : the international air force concept / 
Yellow journalism : puncturing the myths, defining the legacies / 
France and European integration : towards a transnational polity? / 
Eisenhower between the wars : the making of a general and statesman / 
The central powers in the Adriatic, 1914-1918 : war in a narrow sea / 
From DNA damage and stress signalling to cell death : poly ADP-ribosylation reactions / 
The yeast nucleus / 
Understanding writing blocks / 
Maid of Orleans : a romantic tragedy / 
Conversational Thai in 7 days / 
Globalization and urban change : capital, culture, and Pacific Rim mega-projects / 
Physiology of respiration / 
Neurology and the human immunodeficiency virus / 
Nursing process and critical thinking / 
Catch fish now! in the Florida Keys, the Everglades, and 10,000 islands / 
Cosmic evolution : the rise of complexity in nature / 
Plazas : lugar de encuentro para la hispanidad / 
Researching pedagogic tasks : second language learning, teaching, and testing / 
The marriage of all and nothing : selected writings / 
Fruitcake : memories of Truman Capote & Sook / 
Bevelyn Blair's everyday pies : the ultimate workday, weekend, and special occasion pie book! / 
Dürer's Passions / 
Meditation secrets for women : discovering your passion, pleasure, and inner peace / 
The poetry of Arab women : a contemporary anthology / 
Madrid : a cultural and literary companion / 
The women's heart book : the complete guide to keeping your heart healthy / 
The lost daughter of happiness / 
Gabriella's Book of fire / 
Antonio S. & the mysterious Theodore Guzman / 
I was a third grade spy / 
Leading ladies : transformative biblical images for women's leadership / 
Romantic Kentucky : more than 300 things to do for southern lovers / 
The orphan girl : and other stories, West African folk tales / 
Practicing enlightenment : letters from a teacher / 
Making intimate connections : 7 guidelines for great relationships and better communication / 
G-3 exchange-rate relationships : a review of the record and of proposals for change / 
U.S.-China trade issues after the WTO and the PNTR deal : a Chinese perspective / 
In sickness or in health : the Kyoto Protocol versus global warming / 
Asian management matters : regional relevance and global impact / 
The 7 best things (smart) teens do / 
Disciples & dissidents : prison writings of the Prince of Peace Plowshares / 
British opinion and Irish self-government, 1865-1925 : from unionism to liberal Commonwealth / 
Philosophical tools for technological culture : putting pragmatism to work / 
The burn rate diet : the new mind-body treatment for permanent weight control / 
Turn your passion into profits / 
Country chic : country style for modern living / 
Percival Lowell : the culture and science of a Boston Brahmin / 
Stem cells and CNS development / 
The legend of Strap Buckner : a Texas tale / 
Hidden worlds : looking through a scientist's microscope / 
Fire station / 
Car dealership / 
Pediatric emergency medicine secrets / 
Orthopaedic physical therapy secrets / 
Toxicology secrets / 
Library / 
Zoo / 
Fast-food restaurant / 
Removing the masks that bind us / 
Notes from an Italian garden / 
Ten talks parents must have with their children about sex and character / 
A century of ambivalence : the Jews of Russia and the Soviet Union, 1881 to the present / 
Teaching comprehension and exploring multiple literacies : strategies from The reading teacher / 
Contemporary health policy / 
Structure formation in polymeric fibers / 
Diary of a modern-day goddess / 
Motivating recreational reading and promoting home-school connections : 
The journey : a pilgrim in the lands of the spirit / 
The 100 most important events in Christian history / 
Seasons under heaven / 
The chisellers / 
Fair ball : a fan's case for baseball / 
Living to tell : a novel / 
The case of the dangerous dowager / 
Above the Palo Duro / 
Skeleton dance / 
Corridors of death / 
Courthouse / 
Party politics in America / 
Cool careers for girls in air and space / 
A rulebook for arguments / 
Super searchers in the news : the online secrets of journalists and news researchers / 
101 dynamite questions to ask at your job interview / 
Croatian-English, English-Croatian : dictionary and phrasebook / 
Japanese-English English-Japanese dictionary and phrasebook / 
China : an illustrated history / 
Microsoft Outlook 2000 programming bible / 
Teaching with picture books in the middle school / 
Italy : an illustrated history / 
High/Scope preschool key experiences. Language and literacy / 
Critical care nursing secrets / 
Couples connecting : prerequisites of intimacy / 
Internal medicine pearls / 
Cardiology secrets / 
Human airway inflammation : sampling techniques and analytical protocols / 
Psychiatry in the nursing home / 
The bald eagle / 
Marco Polo / 
John Cabot / 
Ferdinard Magellan / 
The White House / 
The Lincoln Memorial / 
The Statue of Liberty / 
Sir Francis Drake / 
The American flag / 
The Liberty Bell / 
Color / 
Shape / 
Perspective / 
Line and tone / 
Pattern and texture / 
A history of the wife / 
Stock market wizards : interviews with America's top stock traders / 
Entrepreneur America : lessons from inside Rob Ryan's high-tech start-up boot camp / 
Goddesses in older women : archetypes in women over fifty / 
Abandon ship! : the saga of the U.S.S. Indianapolis, the Navy's greatest sea disaster  / 
The discovery of chocolate / 
Living across and through skins : transactional bodies, pragmatism, and feminism / 
How to have magnificent sex : the 7 dimensions of a vital sexual connection/ 
Doris's dinosaur / 
Women building Chicago 1790-1990 : a biographical dictionary / 
The performer's guide to the collaborative  process / 
On the way home / 
Surprises of the Christian way / 
On friendship : book for teenagers / 
Cutting Lisa / 
Where the dreams cross / 
The finished man / 
Control theory : twenty-five seminal papers (1931-1981) / 
Basic machining reference handbook / 
Java 2 bible / 
Cross-platform Perl / 
SexFlex : the way to enhanced intimacy and pleasure  / 
Remember with roses / 
The doctor who forgot / 
The doctor falls in love / 
The glass madonna / 
The ice limit / 
The bridges at Toko-Ri / 
Jesus, his life and teachings : as recorded by his friends, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John / 
The complete writer's guide to heroes & heroines : sixteen master archetypes / 
Building brandwidth : closing the sale online / 
Their eyes were watching God / 
Why religion matters : the fate of the human spirit in an age of disbelief / 
Wings of change / 
The little wizard / 
Teaching word recognition, spelling, and vocabulary : strategies from The reading teacher / 
Save my son : a mother and a sheriff unite to reclaim the lives of addicted offenders / 
Poodle clipping and grooming : the international reference / 
Developing reading-writing connections : strategies from The reading teacher / 
Visual Basic 6 database programming bible / 
Cisco IP routing handbook / 
The best of Croatian cooking / 
Afghan food & cookery : = Noshe djan / 
Executive excellence : protocols for healthcare leaders / 
The double traitor / 
La cucina : a novel of rapture / 
The doll lady / 
Understanding medicare managed care : meeting economic, strategic, and policy challenges / 
Program evaluation and family violence research / 
Helping children who are blind : family and community support for children with vision problems / 
Brain injury and gender role strain : rebuilding adult lifestyles after injury / 
Dangerous drugs : an easy-to-use reference for parents and professionals / 
Women's health on the internet / 
Novell's NDS basics / 
The crepes of wrath : a Pennsylvania Dutch mystery with recipes / 
Mission 66 visitor centers : the history of a building type / 
Radio-electronic transmission fundamentals / 
Wildlife painting basics : deer, antelope & other hooved animals / 
Uplink-downlink : a history of the NASA Deep Space Network, 1957-1997 / 
So you have to teach math : sound advice for K-6 teachers / 
Take control / 
Final confession : the unsolved crimes of Phil Cresta / 
Day-by-day math : activities for grades 3-6 / 
A century of Boston sports / 
The drowned city / 
Power and gender in Oneota culture : a study of a late prehistoric people / 
Safety at scene : a manual for paramedics and immediate care doctors / 
Eight women leaders of the reparations movement, U.S.A. : an intimate glimpse / 
Ex 1 : functional exercise program for women's and men's health issues / 
Ex 2 : functional exercise program for head and neck problems / 
Russian nationalism from an interdisciplinary perspective : imagining Russia / 
Slow cooker cooking / 
Darwin : texts commentary / 
Adopting pets : how to choose your new best friend / 
Writing, a college handbook / 
Harry S. Truman's musical letters / 
Crime, policy, and criminal behavior in America / 
El edipo en Unamuno y el espejo de Lacan / 
Bebop / 
Alternative rock / 
The death of Christian Britain : understanding secularisation, 1800-2000 / 
Pareto, economics and society : the mechanical analogy / 
Monarchy in South-East Asia : the faces of tradition in transition / 
Japan and East Asian regionalism / 
After the science wars / 
Calling & character : virtues of the ordained life / 
Sundays in the Tuskegee Chapel : selected sermons / 
Prepare Him room : an Advent study for adults / 
Coaching change : breaking down resistance, building up hope / 
Epilepsy surgery / 
Diving Micronesia / 
In the stone house / 
Communicating for better health : a guide through the medical mazes / 
Promoting the gift of literacy : 101 lesson plans for oral and written language / 
The inventory : a novel / 
A course in differential geometry / 
Elementary statistics using Excel / 
Web business engineering : using offline activities to drive Internet strategies / 
2001 : building for space travel / 
The extraordinary museums of Southeast Asia / 
The big book of adventure travel / 
Steppin' out : an African American entertainment guide to our 20 favorite cities / 
Differential diagnosis and management for the chiropractor : protocols and algorithms / 
Using the Big6 to teach and learn with the Internet / 
The book of wood names = Buch der Holznamen / 
Disability, society, and the individual / 
Vanity in Washington / 
The girl with 500 middle names / 
Libellus de arte coquinaria : an early northern cookery book / 
"Hie lert uns der meister" : Latin commentary and the German fable, 1350-1500 / 
The verse miscellany of Constance Aston Fowler : a diplomatic edition / 
Function theory in several complex variables / 
The body in late medieval and early modern culture / 
Daniel's story / 
Nutrition, immunity, and infection in infants and children / 
Autism : a sensorimotor approach to management / 
The orders of ministry in the United Methodist Church / 
Live well, sleep well : the holistic way to a good night's sleep / 
International public health : diseases, programs, systems, and policies / 
Differential equations and dynamical systems / 
Combinatorial methods in density estimation / 
Spherical inversion on SLn̳(R) / 
Understanding analysis / 
Business and finance for IT people: / 
Marvelous mosaics with unusual materials : projects and patterns / 
The nature gardens of Sebastian Kneipp / 
Melt & pour soapmaking / 
Creative paper folding / 
Beautiful animal dolls : handcrafts to treasure / 
Fiber & bead jewelry : beautiful designs to make & wear / 
Robert Browning / 
The science of sound and music / 
Eye-popping optical illusions / 
The little giant encyclopedia of logic puzzles / 
Super lateral thinking puzzles / 
Controlling dust in the workshop / 
An invitation to the White House : at home with history / 
Hole in the sky / 
Among the impostors / 
Welcome to Argentina / 
Rick Bayless Mexico one plate at a time / 
Visible here and now : the Buddha's teachings on the rewards of spiritual practice / 
Secrets of the Blue Cliff Record : Zen comments by Hakuin and Tenkei / 
The art of war : a new translation / 
The art of seeing things : essays / 
Mushrooms of Cape Cod and the national seashore / 
The forgotten : Catholics of the  Soviet empire from Lenin through Stalin / 
Library user education : powerful learning, powerful partnerships / 
The price of death : the funeral industry in contemporary Japan / 
Inventing the classics : modernity, national identity, and Japanese literature / 
Success in practical/vocational nursing : from student to leader / 
Golfers / 
Villains : the bad boys and girls of sports / 
Care of the high-risk neonate / 
Pocket companion to Textbook of medical physiology / 
Elementary differential geometry / 
Flexible-link robot manipulators / 
Collaborative virtual environments : digital places and spaces for interaction / 
Tracking Apollo to the moon / 
Field guide to the deep sky objects / 
Impacts in mechanical systems : analysis and modelling / 
Distributed autonomous robotic systems 4 / 
Diagnosis and treatment of uveitis / 
Thermotherapy for neoplasia, inflammation, and pain / 
Elegant Irish cooking : recipes from the world's foremost Irish chefs / 
The buzz on sex, dating & relationships / 
The rating game : are you doing better or worse in life than everyone else? / 
The buzz on wine / 
The buzz on fashion / 
Reel therapy : how movies inspire you to overcome life's problems / 
Force under pressure : how cops live and why they die / 
FMLA, ADA & workers' comp : navigating the treacherous triangle / 
Pierre Bayle's Reformation : conscience and criticism on the eve of the Enlightenment / 
African American writers / 
The sixties, 1960-1969 / 
Civil War firsts : the legacies of America's bloodiest conflict / 
Wings in the wild : habits and habitats of North American birds / 
Unjust enrichment : how Japan's companies built postwar fortunes using American POWs / 
A story for Hippo : a book about loss / 
Fat camp commandos / 
Mice and beans / 
Wild earth : volcanoes! / 
Child care design guide / 
A Chrysler chronicle : one man's story of restoring a classic 1948 New Yorker / 
Warplanes of the future / 
Building giant earthmovers / 
World War I day by day / 
The interesting narrative of the life of Olaudah Equiano, or Gustavus Vassa, the African  / 
MSN the everyday web / 
Building design and construction handbook / 
Farm tractor milestones / 
The quest for immortality : science at the frontiers of aging / 
The roadmap to schoolwide writing success / 
World War II day by day / 
Encyclopedia of capital punishment in the United States / 
Multimedia video-based surveillance systems : requirements, issues, and solutions / 
Human learning : from learning curves to learning organizations / 
Wong's essentials of pediatric nursing / 
Messerschmitt 109 / 
Joseph, king of dreams / 
Laboratories : a guide to master planning, programming, procurement, and design / 
Primary eyecare in systemic disease / 
Original Allis-Chalmers, 1933-1957 / 
German paratroopers : the illustrated history of the Fallschirmjäger in World War II / 
Practical foundation engineering handbook / 
The irritable heart : the medical mystery of the Gulf War / 
A history of western music / 
The 21st century teachers' guide to recommended Internet sites / 
Hold them in your heart : successful strategies for library services to at-risk teens / 
The death of Vishnu / 
Great Brit-coms : British television situation comedy / 
Experiencing intercultural communication : an introduction / 
Musculoskeletal ultrasound / 
The organizational form of family business / 
The economic and social dynamics of biotechnology / 
Wireless phones and health II : state of the science / 
Between God and tsar : religious symbolism and the royal women of Muscovite Russia / 
Toxicology for the next millennium / 
Influencing sales through store design / 
Students with learning disabilities or emotional/behavioral disorders / 
The robot builder's bonanza / 
Constructing class and nationality in Alsace, 1830-1945 / 
Black shadows and through the white looking glass : remembrance of things past and present / 
Wartime experiences in Lithuania / 
Blasphemy and the law in Ireland / 
Communicating effectively / 
How to start day trading futures, options, and indicies / 
Director 8 and Lingo (inside macromedia) / 
Inside AutoCAD Map 2000 / 
Monologues for teens / 
Storage area networks : designing and implementing a mass storage system / 
Basic algebra and geometry / 
Doing things for reasons / 
A Billy Yank governor : the life and times of New Jersey's Franklin Murphy / 
Prayer and practice in the American Catholic community / 
Building enhanced HTML help with DHTML & CSS / 
Anatomy and physiology laboratory manual / 
Windows programming made easy : using object technology, COM, and the Windows Eiffel Library / 
The executive brain : frontal lobes and the civilized mind / 
Solaris for managers and adminstrators / 
Cole / 
Linux routers : a primer for network administrators / 
Shadowy science : all you need is a shadow! / 
The Bible on culture : belonging or dissenting / 
Thumbs up science / 
Windows graphics programming : Win32 GDI and DirectDraw / 
Derek Jarman : a biography / 
Linux in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference / 
Cost-benefit analysis : concepts and practice / 
At the Japanese table / 
Old Kyoto : a short social history / 
O : Cirque du Soleil at Bellagio / 
Photographic memory / 
The babies / 
Basic mathematics for occupational and vocational students / 
Playing the race card : melodramas of black and white from Uncle Tom to O.J. Simpson / 
A practical introduction to data structures and algorithm analysis / 
The pocketbook of drug eruptions and interactions / 
An illustrated Chinese materia medica / 
Protecting group chemistry / 
Oxidation and reduction in organic synthesis / 
American gargoyles : spirits in stone / 
Faith and narrative / 
Project management for business and technology : principles and practice / 
Hairy science / 
International relations and world politics : security, economy, identity / 
Managing the Windows 2000 registry / 
Awakening the healer within : an introduction to energy-based techniques / 
Liberalism beyond justice : citizens, society, and the boundaries of political theory / 
Disjointed pluralism : institutional innovation and the development of the U.S. Congress / 
The aerialist : a novel / 
Baran and Dawber's diseases of the nails and their management / 
The way back to Mayberry : lessons from a simpler time / 
The beginner's guide to insight meditation / 
A global history of Christians : how everyday believers experienced their world / 
Retelling Dostoyevsky : literary responses and other observations / 
Pilgrimage to patronage : Lope de Vega and the Court of Philip III, 1598-1621 / 
Romantic generations : essays in honor of Robert F. Gleckner / 
In the process of poetry : the New York school and the avant-garde / 
Lady Lollipop / 
Stroke syndromes / 
Obstetrics and gynecology at a glance / 
Clinical paediatric endocrinology / 
Resuscitation of the newborn : a practical approach / 
Tipai ethnographic notes : a Baja California Indian community at mid-century / 
Life and death : metaphysics and ethics / 
Lighting the way : a 90-day journey in sharing your faith / 
Fame games : the production of celebrity in Australia / 
What works in child welfare / 
Past, present, future : the Deuteronomistic history and the prophets / 
Hunter-gatherers : an interdisciplinary perspective / 
Becoming a 21st-century agency counselor : personal and professional explorations / 
Innovations in play therapy : issues, process, and special populations / 
Barron's real estate handbook / 
Mantle convection in the earth and planets / 
Statistical mechanics of learning / 
Population and climate change / 
Challenging behaviour : analysis and intervention in people with severe learning disabilities / 
The southern sky guide / 
Molecular hydrogen in space / 
Engineering tribology / 
Extreme stars : at the edge of creation / 
Spin in particle physics / 
How to prepare for the MCAT : medical college admission test / 
High dimensional probability II / 
The bulldozer in the countryside : suburban sprawl and the rise of American environmentalism / 
War on the home front : an examination of wife abuse / 
Slightly shady / 
Dream country / 
Jennifer Lopez / 
Hollywood and anti-semitism : a cultural history up to World War II / 
The times and appeasement : the journals of A.L. Kennedy, 1932-1939 / 
The deer hunter's encyclopedia / 
Critical theory : current state and future prospects / 
My Creator, my life, my choices : 
When your child has a disability : the complete sourcebook of daily and medical care / 
Apache women warriors / 
Ripe for harvest : the role of spiritual awakening in church growth / 
Faith & finances : helping people manage their money / 
Rape and ravishment in the literature of medieval England / 
Surrealism / 
Rising & falling : poems / 
Abbreviations dictionary / 
Kanyon and the rainbow stone / 
The study of medieval chant : paths and bridges, east and west : in honor of Kenneth Levy / 
Abraham & Family : new insights into the patriarchal narratives / 
The uncertain world of Samson Agonistes / 
Becoming vegan : the complete guide to adopting a healthy plant-based diet / 
Ethical reasoning in the mental health professions / 
Encyclopedia of criminology and deviant behavior / 
Epistemic modality, language, and conceptualization : a cognitive-pragmatic perspective / 
Creative wedding keepsakes you can make / 
Advances in isotope methods for the analysis of trace elements in man / 
Understanding operating systems / 
Environmental statistics with S-Plus / 
Tecumseh and other stories of the Ohio River Valley / 
Through the tempests dark and wild : a story of Mary Shelley, creator of Frankenstein / 
Soggy Saturday / 
Languages within language : an evolutive approach / 
Right node raising and gapping : interface conditions on prosodic deletion / 
The ecology of seashores / 
Tropical forage plants : development and use / 
Modeling, functions, and graphs : algebra for college students / 
Trace elements in the rhizosphere / 
A time of war : a northern chronicle of the Civil War / 
The visionary window : a quantum physicist's guide to enlightenment / 
For such a time as this : strategic missions power shifts for the 21st century / 
Global missiology for the 21st century : the Iguassu dialogue / 
Financial crises in emerging markets / 
No other way out : states and revolutionary movements, 1945-1991 / 
The grizzly almanac / 
Auslander-Buchweitz approximations of equivariant modules / 
Monitoring in coastal environments using Foraminifera and Thecamoebian indicators / 
Characters and automorphism groups of compact Riemann surfaces / 
Crystals, defects and microstructures : modeling across scales / 
Real analysis : an introduction to the theory of real functions and integration / 
A first course in probability / 
Fundamentals of approximation theory / 
A first course in differential equations / 
Lee's building maintenance management / 
Small animal oncology / 
Freshwater prawn culture : the farming of Macrobrachium rosenbergii / 
Principles of cattle production / 
Koch + Partner : Architekten und Stadtplaner = architects and urban planners / 
Marine biology : an ecological approach / 
Breakdown of will / 
Imaging humanity = Immagini dell'umanità / 
Building credible multicultural teams / 
Saints of South Dakota and other poems / 
Piranha picnic / 
Return to Terror Cove / 
Nutricide : the nutritional destruction of the Black race / 
Flatsheet, bench, and pilot testing for pesticide removal using reverse osmosis / 
Chinese art & culture / 
Colonization of biologically active filter media with pathogens / 
Rembrandt to Rauschenberg : the Norton Print Collection / 
An ADHD primer / 
Nuclear site remediation : first accomplishments of the Environmental Management Science Program / 
Historic textiles, papers, and polymers in museums / 
Stimuli-responsive water soluble and amphiphilic polymers / 
Making good : how ex-convicts reform and rebuild their lives / 
Beyond the reef / 
The darkening sea / 
The phantom ship / 
For my country's freedom / 
Ramage's prize / 
Ramage & the guillotine / 
Persistent, bioaccumulative, and toxic chemicals II : assessment and new chemicals / 
The 5-minute pediatric patient advisor / 
The quick reference guide to your child's health : birth to age five / 
The vegan sourcebook / 
F-5 Tigers over Vietnam / 
Rethinking prejudice / 
A practical guide to localization / 
Undertow : a novel / 
Computers in nursing's nurses' guide to the Internet / 
University and schooling in medieval society / 
The early Palaeologan renaissance (1261-c. 1360) / 
A history of Franciscan education (c. 1210-1517) / 
100 super supplements for a longer life / 
Early modern philosophy V / 
Early modern philosophy VI / 
The unfair advantage / 
Preparing to be president : the memos of Richard E. Neustadt / 
The permanent campaign and its future / 
Casanova's journey home and other late stories / 
Case studies in hemostasis : laboratory diagnosis and management / 
Schizophrenia and comorbid conditions : diagnosis and treatment / 
Anterior segment disease : a diagnostic color atlas / 
The independent command / 
Time traders ; [Galactic derelict] / 
Revisioning film traditions : the pseudo-documentary and the neoWestern / 
El nuevo Lazarillo de Camilo J. Cela--política y cultura en su palimpsesto / 
Anglo-Saxon poetry in imitative translation : the harp and the cross / 
LMDS / 
Handbook of adhesives and sealants in construction / 
Make it in clay : a beginner's guide to ceramics / 
Privilege, power, and difference / 
Communication research : asking questions, finding answers / 
Anthropology and contemporary human problems / 
Philosophy of religion / 
Children moving : a reflective approach to teaching physical education / 
Encyclopedia of mind enhancing foods, drugs, and nutritional substances / 
Reading the classics with C.S. Lewis / 
Gateway to memory : an introduction to neural network modeling of the hippocampus and learning / 
Bond pricing and portfolio analysis : protecting investors in the long run / 
The nameday book : a book of saints, names, anniversaries, and celebrations / 
The girls / 
Tectonic modeling : a volume in honor of Hans Ramberg / 
The language of good-bye : a novel / 
Website of the warped wizard / 
Napoleon Bonaparte / 
The Inquisition / 
That ole pastel magic / 
Feathers, flaps & flops : fabulous early fliers / 
George Hirsch living it up! : 
Applied polymer science : 21st century / 
Trace gas emissions and plants / 
Ore deposits and mantle plumes / 
Conférence Moshé Flato 1999 : quantization, deformations, and symmetries / 
Biological control : measures of success / 
Cycles of life : herbs and energy techniques for the stages of a woman's life / 
Angel of light : a personal journey through imagination to find the spirit / 
Basketball challenge / 
Rockin' hockey trivia / 
21st century business : managing and working in the new digital economy / 
Views from the South : the effects of globalization and the WTO on Third World countries / 
Recognition in international law : a bibliography / 
Proof theory : history and philosophical significance / 
The lessons of Yugoslavia / 
Sociocybernetics : complexity, autopoiesis, and observation of social systems / 
Teen pregnancy and parenting / 
Violence / 
The ethics of abortion / 
Bragging rights : a season inside the SEC, football's toughest conference / 
Practical handbook of advanced interventional cardiology / 
Principles of forecasting : a handbook for researchers and practitioners / 
It's not about the money : small-town newspapering in Texas / 
Title I, compensatory education at the crossroads / 
A commentary on Malthus' 1798 essay on population as social theory / 
Stages on life's way / 
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook / 
Drugs in perspective : a personalized look at substance use and abuse / 
Essentials of research methods in psychology / 
Comparative genomics / 
Alternatives to pesticides in stored-product IPM / 
Stamp in color : techniques for enhancing your artwork / 
A guide to monastic guest houses / 
Introduction to engineering and the environment / 
Television and screen writing : from concept to contract / 
The real, true Dulcie Campbell / 
Start with a laugh : an insider's guide to roasts, toasts, eulogies, and other speeches / 
Rivka's first Thanksgiving / 
White Squaw : the true story of Jennie Wiley / 
Tinkering with Eden : a natural history of exotics in America / 
Hello Benny! / 
Whopper cake / 
The yellow wallpaper and other writings / 
Richard Burton, a traveller in Brazil, 1865-1868 / 
The German Empire, 1870-1918 / 
Williams hematology / 
Everyday American English dictionary : a basic dictionary for English language learning / 
Hooking up / 
The retinal Müller cell : structure and function / 
The case of the gasping garbage / 
Structural equation modeling with AMOS : basic concepts, applications, and programming / 
Symplectic methods for the symplectic eigenproblem / 
Cell and developmental biology of arabinogalactan-proteins / 
Electron backscatter diffraction in materials science / 
CMOS memory circuits / 
Engineering geological advances in Japan for the new millennium / 
Persuading people to have safer sex : applications of social science to the AIDS crisis / 
Telecommunications management : industry structures and planning strategies / 
The Telecommunications act of 1996 : the "costs" of managed competition / 
Natural disasters / 
Through the lens of Israel : explorations in state and society / 
Metaphysics : concept and problems / 
More than once in a blue moon : multiple jobholdings by American artists / 
Revolution in the street : women, workers, and urban protest in Veracruz,  1870-1927 / 
Celebrating modern art : 
Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars / 
Tiki drinks / 
Franklin y Harriet / 
Kindred spirits : sacred earth wisdom / 
Sampling and surveying radiological environments / 
Beyond contentment / 
MTBE : effects on soil and groundwater resources / 
How to fire employees without getting burned / 
Critical evidence ; a courtroom suspense novel / 
Refuge from the Reich : American airmen and Switzerland during World War II / 
Good morning sweetie pie, and other poems for little children / 
Does redistricting make a difference? : partisan representation and electoral behavior / 
Read better, remember more / 
Journey with a Baja burro / 
Don't whistle in school : the history of America's public schools / 
Improve your writing for work / 
Textual traffic : colonialism, modernity, and the economy of the text / 
Industrial mathematics : the 1998 CRSC workshop / 
State and society in Spanish America during the Age of Revolution / 
This country of mothers / 
365 ways to relax mind, body & soul / 
Converting to Judaism : choosing to be chosen : personal stories / 
I read it, but I don't get it : comprehension strategies for adolescent readers / 
Georgia under water : stories / 
Paradise interrupted / 
Grapefruit : a book of instructions + drawings / 
Laser : the inventor, the Nobel laureate, and the thirty-year patent war / 
Storey's guide to raising sheep / 
The black Madonna / 
Neuroanatomy through clinical cases / 
An essay on the trial by jury / 
The courts, the constitution, and parties : studies in constitutional history and politics / 
American commercial legislation before 1789 / 
"Obscene" literature and constitutional law : a forensic defense of freedom of the press / 
Small animal emergency and critical care : a manual for the veterinary technician / 
Our silly garden / 
To ruin a queen : an Ursula Blanchard mystery at Queen Elizabeth I's court / 
Violin virtuosos / 
Forgotten battles : Italy's war of liberation, 1943-1945 / 
First graders from Mars. Episode 1, Horus's horrible day / 
The Palestinian-Arab minority in Israel, 1948-2000 : a political study / 
Cruising for seniors / 
Three major plays / 
Fundraising skills for health care executives / 
A kid's guide to exploring Montezuma Castle National Monument / 
The last great dance on Earth / 
Welcome to Cuba / 
Applications in business communication : communicating at GEI / 
Greece before history : an archaeological companion and guide / 
Matrix population models : construction, analysis, and interpretation / 
A rainbow in the desert : an anthology of early twentieth century Japanese children's literature / 
Elements of trial practice : more than 500 techniques and tips for trial lawyers / 
Esther : a Jerusalem love story / 
The body artist : a novel / 
Lillian Gish : her legend, her life / 
Listen to your body : a gynecologist answers women's most intimate questions / 
Love carried me home : women surviving Auschwitz / 
Chocolate for a woman's blessings / 
Pediatric dysphagia resource guide / 
Quality of the body cell mass : body composition in the third millennium / 
Hormonal carcinogenesis III : proceedings of the third international symposium / 
Ophthalmic and facial plastic surgery : a compendium of reconstructive and aesthetic techniques / 
Neurology of the newborn / 
Clinical oncology : a multidisciplinary approach for physicians and students / 
The unborn patient : the art and science of fetal therapy / 
Musculoskeletal MRI / 
Osteoarthritis : diagnosis and medical/surgical management / 
Clinical diagnosis and management by laboratory methods / 
Atlas of renal ultrasonography / 
Drugs for the heart / 
Pediatric and adolescent gynecology / 
Network administration / 
Look great naked : slim down, shape up and tone your trouble zones in just 15 minutes a day / 
Strategic human resource management / 
The voice : a story of faith and trust / 
Libraries and the book trade / 
Architecting with RM-ODP / 
The great philosophers : an introduction to Western philosophy / 
Law and evidence : a primer for criminal justice, criminology, law, and legal studies / 
Ancient philosophy : a very short introduction / 
Foundations of physics for chemists / 
Anaphora : a cross-linguistic approach / 
The seeking self : the quest for self improvement and the creation of personal suffering / 
Adolescence and emerging adulthood : a cultural approach / 
International social work : professional action in an interdependent world / 
The hungry are dying : beggars and bishops in Roman Cappadocia / 
Internet directories : how to build and manage applications for LDAP, DNS, and other directories / 
Atheism : a reader / 
I don't want to go to jail / 
White diaspora : the suburb and the twentieth-century American novel / 
Mechanisms of protein folding / 
Poverty, inequality and health : an international perspective / 
Capstone : succeeding beyond college / 
Medieval Armenian architecture : constructions of race and nation / 
Internal cleansing : rid your body of toxins / 
Housekeeping secrets my mother never taught me / 
Positive discipline for your stepfamily : nurturing harmony, respect, and joy in your new family / 
Everything happens / 
Thanksgiving / 
Time lord : Sir Sandford Fleming and the creation of standard time / 
The book of nothing : vacuums, voids, and the latest ideas about the origins of the universe / 
Environmental ethics today / 
The language of turn and sequence / 
The wild Irish girl : a national tale / 
Colombia : fragmented land, divided society / 
Music today and every day : ready-to-use music lessons & activities for the elementary grades / 
Handbook of laboratory diagnostic tests : with nursing implications / 
Asian Americans : emerging minorities / 
Understanding 12-lead EKGs : a practical approach / 
Outlaw representation : censorship & homosexuality in twentieth-century American art / 
Where did Christianity come from? / 
Flesh of the church, flesh of Christ : at the source of the ecclesiology of Communion / 
Mona Lisa's moustache : making sense of a dissolving world / 
From Frege to Wittgenstein : perspectives on early analytic philosophy / 
The economics of ecstasy : tantra, secrecy, and power in colonial Bengal / 
Logic : a very short introduction / 
Design of feedback control systems / 
Wildflowers of the Pine Barrens of New Jersey / 
A historical guide to Nathaniel Hawthorne / 
Encyclopedia of global change : environmental change and human society / 
Environmental assessment in countries in transition / 
Big book of old-time spot illustrations / 
Your one-stop guide to the Mass / 
The first glot international state-of-the-article book : the latest in linguistics / 
Oracle8 to Oracle8i upgrade / 
Exam prep. CCNP remote access / 
MCSE Windows 2000 directory services design / 
Trout : the trout fisherman's bible / 
Cousins : our primate relatives / 
Foolproof Chinese cooking : step by step to everyone's favorite Chinese recipes / 
South America revealed : a wildlife guide from Andes to Amazon / 
Where the birds are : the 100 best birdwatching spots in North America / 
Rescue / 
Everest / 
Holy innocents : a novel / 
Serious straw bale : a home construction guide for all climates / 
The budget kit : the common cents money management workbook / 
Finding & buying your place in the country / 
The battle of Britain / 
History in Black : African-Americans in search of an ancient past / 
To an early grave / 
The houses of children / 
The magic kingdom / 
Macho Camacho's beat / 
Forms and substances in the arts / 
Nothing / 
Concluding / 
Blue pastoral / 
Reckless eyeballing / 
Lost towns of Tidewater, Maryland / 
In the trenches : selected speeches and writings of an American Jewish activist / 
The esoteric world of Madame Blavatsky : insights into the life of a modern sphinx / 
MCSE Windows 2000 professional / 
You're fifty-- now what? : investing for the second half of your life / 
Super shortstops : Nomar, A-Rod, and Jeter / 
The Romantic architecture of Herman Melville's Moby-Dick / 
Esophageal surgery / 
24/7 Dharma : impermanence, no-self, nirvana / 
Maryland corporate practice and forms : the Piper Marbury Rudnick & Wolfe manual / 
Nate the Great and the big sniff / 
Akiko and the Great Wall of Trudd / 
Stealing South : a story of the Underground Railroad / 
Freddie Prinze, Jr. / 
Didi and Daddy on the Promenade / 
Midnight babies / 
The secrets of Ms. Snickle's class / 
Near Cumorah's Hill : images of the restoration / 
Love after all : a novel / 
Cardiopulmonary anatomy and physiology for respiratory care practitioners / 
Standing for something : ten neglected virtues that will heal our hearts and homes / 
Open house / 
Le mariage / 
Life is so good / 
Opening shots : great mystery and crime writers share their first published stories / 
The experience of prayer / 
The journey of prayer / 
MCSE Windows 2000 Server exam cram / 
MCSE Windows 2000 network / 
MCSE Windows 2000 security design exam cram / 
MCSE Windows 2000 directory services / 
Windows 2000 active directory black book / 
XHTML black book / 
Still doing it : women & men over 60 write about their sexuality / 
The Wicca cookbook : recipes, rituals, and lore / 
With the armies of the Tsar : a nurse at the Russian Front in war and revolution, 1914-1918 / 
Through the Brazilian wilderness / 
The reading teacher's survival kit / 
The art of arts : rediscovering painting / 
The great thirst : Californians and water -a history / 
Gladiators and caesars : the power of spectacle in ancient Rome / 
Purified by fire : a history of cremation in America / 
Returning cycles : contexts for the interpretation of Schubert's impromptus and last sonatas / 
An atlas of the smaller maps in orientable and nonorientable surfaces / 
Handbook of multicultural assessment : clinical, psychological, and educational applications / 
An encyclopedia of Celtic mythology / 
Ultimate guide to paintball / 
Oh, solo mia! : the hip chick's guide to fun for one / 
Buongiorno! : breakfast and brunch, Italian style / 
Ice cream for breakfast : if you follow all the rules, you miss half the fun / 
A child's book of values / 
Chess for kids / 
The blues singers : ten who rocked the world / 
Axonal regeneration in the central nervous system / 
Fetal origins of cardiovascular and lung disease / 
Handbook of medical device design / 
Long-term mechanical ventilation / 
Thermal behavior of dispersed systems / 
Hopf algebras : an introduction / 
Scientific American : how things work today / 
The wizard of quarks : a fantasy of particle physics / 
Raymond Roussel and the republic of dreams / 
Beyond the handshake : multilateral cooperation in the Arab-Israeli peace process, 1991-1996 / 
Flutter, skitter, and skim : using the living insect as a guide to successful fly fishing / 
Dog-eared / 
Full moon / 
Papal letters in the Early Middle Ages / 
The Continuum encyclopedia of children's literature / 
The United Nations at the millennium : the principal organs / 
The demoralization of Western culture : social theory and the dilemmas of modern living / 
Emergency medicine pearls / 
From sacred body to angelic soul : understanding Mary in late medieval and early modern Europe / 
Nursing leadership and management : concepts and practice / 
Crazy loco : stories / 
Louisa May & Mr. Thoreau's flute / 
A constructivist approach to block play in early childhood / 
Essentials of health services / 
The continuum of long-term care / 
New every morning : meditating on hymns for year C / 
Probability and statistical models with applications / 
The future of Turkish-Western relations : toward a strategic plan / 
Army PERSTEMPO in the post cold war era / 
Limits of rightness / 
Congress confronts the court : the struggle for legitimacy and authority in lawmaking / 
The contentious Senate : partisanship, ideology, and the myth of cool judgment / 
A grain of truth : the media, the public, and biotechnology / 
The radical project : Sartrean investigations / 
Ukraine and Russia : the post-Soviet transition / 
Resurrecting old-fashioned foundationalism / 
The Russian labour market : between transition and turmoil / 
Navigating new markets abroad : charting a course for the international businessperson / 
Artless integrity : moral imagination, agency, and stories / 
Gaia's wager : environmental movements and the challenge of sustainability / 
Outline of oncology therapeutics / 
The political economy of imperialism : critical appraisals / 
Aspects of language production / 
Esther = [Ester] : the traditional Hebrew text with the new JPS translation / 
Project Noah / 
The millionaire machine / 
Lestrade and the sawdust ring / 
Woman on top : a sexy, delicious fairy tale / 
Confessions of an ugly stepsister / 
Virtual project management : software solutions for today and the future / 
Financial independence : how to get there--how to stay there / 
Operating safely in hazardous environments / 
Making peace pay : a bibliography on disarmament & conversion / 
The C & O Canal companion / 
Everyday life in ancient Egypt / 
E-Health, telehealth, and telemedicine : a guide to start-up and success / 
The measurement of behavior : behavior modification / 
The new gilded age : the New Yorker looks at the culture of affluence / 
Be your own mentor : strategies from top women on the secrets of success / 
Random House Roget's college thesaurus / 
Married to laughter / 
Julia's kitchen wisdom : essential techniques and recipes from a lifetime of cooking / 
Roses are red : a novel / 
Hollowpoint : a novel / 
Five-finger discount : a crooked family history / 
Hens dancing / 
What's that noise? / 
The golden age : a novel / 
Oh say can you seed? / 
Thomas tells a lie / 
Dying to know : public release of information about quality of health care / 
China's quest for energy security / 
Killing time : a novel of the future / 
The Internet / 
Thor's hammer / 
Secrets of the sun : a closer look at our star / 
Growing up / 
Germany and Japan attack / 
Capitalism / 
Feasts and fasting / 
Fidel Castro : leader of Cuba's Revolution / 
The internet : the impact on our lives / 
Thinking about texts : an introduction to English studies / 
Anatomising embodiment and organisation theory / 
A George Orwell chronology / 
In the shadow of the Polish eagle : the Poles, the Holocaust, and beyond / 
Brussels bureaucrats? : the administration of the European Union / 
Family and household in medieval England / 
Women, murder, and justice / 
Kick-starter.com : the definitive European Internet start up guide / 
Deconstructions : a user's guide / 
New developments in film theory / 
Agricultural policies in Europe and the USA : farmers between subsidies and the market / 
The quantum leap : tools for managing companies in the new economy / 
The United Nations and business : a partnership recovered / 
Encyclopedia of African and African-American religions / 
Foundations of foreign language teaching : nineteenth-century innovators / 
Ethnocentrism and the English dictionary / 
Britain and 1940 : history, myth, and popular memory / 
Undue risk : secret state experiments on humans / 
Tomorrow's schools : towards integrity / 
Reconsidering drugs : mapping Victorian and modern drug discourses / 
France-Germany in the twenty-first century / 
The Spencers : a personal history of an English family / 
A place of execution / 
Murder on the Mauretania / 
Venice transfigured : the myth of Venice in British culture, 1660-1797 / 
Healing cultures : art and religion as curative practices in the Caribbean and its diaspora / 
Ski style : alpine interiors, architecture & living style / 
A coup attempt in Washington? : a European mirror on the 1998-1999 constitutional crisis / 
Evangelicalism, penal theory, and the politics of criminal law reform in England, 1808-30 / 
The young marauders / 
Pay-off at Ladron / 
Two for vengeance / 
Marine resource management : conflict and regulation in the fisheries of the Coromandel Coast / 
Mental health from a gender perspective / 
Contemporary India--transitions / 
Ethnicity and nation-building in South Asia / 
The villa / 
Raccoon on his own / 
Truxtun of the Constellation : the life of Commodore Thomas Truxtun, U.S. Navy, 1755-1822 / 
Reality and Humean supervenience : essays on the philosophy of David Lewis / 
Lean manufacturing : tools, techniques, and how to use them / 
Betty Crocker's fix-it-fast family favorites : 
Cover letter magic / 
The kids' college almanac : a first look at college / 
The Great Depression and World War II / 
Germany / 
Random House Webster's wit & humor quotationary / 
Double fold : libraries and the assault on paper / 
Random House Webster's American sign language medical dictionary / 
Great women athletes / 
The politics of Caspian oil / 
Harold Monro : poet of the New Age / 
The role of the masses in the collapse of the GDR / 
Unipolarity and the Middle East / 
The human face of corporate governance / 
Mass hysteria : critical psychology and media studies / 
Global change : the impact of Asia in the 21st century / 
Urban geography / 
Archaeology, the basics / 
After the fall : 1989 and the future of freedom / 
Controversy and coalition : the new feminist movement across three decades of change / 
Labeling : pedagogy and politics / 
Verbal advantage : 10 easy steps to a powerful vocabulary / 
A history of Western thought : from ancient Greece to the twentieth century / 
Global capitalism at bay? / 
Fashion cultures : theories, explorations, and analysis / 
Analysing English in a global context : a reader / 
Innovation in English language teaching : a reader / 
English language teaching in its social context / 
Global companies in the twentieth century : selected archival histories / 
Action research in organisations / 
Teach me! : kids will learn when oppression is the lesson / 
Reinventing religions : syncretism and transformation in Africa and the Americas / 
Classical Athens / 
Epigraphic evidence : ancient history from inscriptions / 
Revolutionary memory : recovering the poetry of the American left / 
The hegemony of international business, 1945-1970 / 
Issues in science teaching / 
Inspection : what's in it for schools? / 
Pollock and after : the critical debate / 
Imperial Rome / 
Ancient Egypt / 
Snake / 
Tiger / 
Spider / 
Shark / 
Leaders of World War II / 
Living on other worlds / 
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune / 
The hottest e-careers in real estate / 
All in our places : feminist challenges in elementary school classrooms / 
Multi-level governance and European integration / 
Fair and effective representation? : debating electoral reform and minority rights / 
Montesquieu's science of politics : essays on the Spirit of laws / 
Partner yoga : making contact for physical, emotional, and spiritual growth / 
My war / 
Synoptic and dynamic climatology / 
The politics of information in early modern Europe / 
Representing rape : language and sexual consent / 
Playwrights in rehearsal : the seduction of company / 
The employment relationship : a psychological perspective / 
Primary teachers' stress / 
Dictionary of the modern politics of South-East Asia / 
Literacy and development : ethnographic perspectives / 
Stress management programme for secondary school students / 
Archaeology and world religion / 
Intersections : architectural histories and critical theories / 
Dictionary of biological psychology / 
Mothers & sons : feminism, masculinity, and the struggle to raise our sons / 
The world of caffeine : the science and culture of the world's most popular drug / 
Rational choice theory : resisting colonization / 
Transforming Northicote School : the reality of school improvement / 
Making schools safer and violence free : critical issues, solutions, and recommended practices / 
Hosting the Holy Spirit / 
Intercessors / 
Scrolls of testimony / 
Therapeutic exercises for children : professional guide / 
Confronting gangs : crime and community / 
Employee benefits / 
Gunpowder lightning / 
The Pecos Trail / 
Gun and star / 
The World Trade Organization millennium round : freer trade in the twenty-first century / 
Act your age! : a cultural construction of adolescence / 
Supervision in the mental health professions : a practitioner's guide / 
Breakdown : the facts about teacher stress in teaching / 
Sociocultural research on mathematics education : an international perspective / 
Vulnerability to psychopathology : risk across the lifespan / 
Budget weddings : your absolute, quintessential, all you wanted to know, complete guide / 
Career ideas for kids who like money / 
10,000 dreams interpreted / 
The rationality of psychological disorders : psychobizarreness theory / 
Psychology and the aesthetics of the built environment / 
Disturbing remains : memory, history, and crisis in the twentieth century / 
Contemporary issues in modeling psychopathology / 
The mental health consequences of torture / 
Taurine 4 : taurine and excitable tissues / 
Chromogranins : functional and clinical aspects / 
The Waldemar cookbook : memorable savorings from the Waldemar kitchen / 
Inside Microsoft SQL Server 2000 / 
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 administrator's companion / 
Metal dihydrogen and [sigma]-bond complexes : [structure, theory, and reactivity] / 
Broadband wireless access / 
Katherine Stinson : the flying schoolgirl / 
The imitation factor : evolution beyond the gene / 
Viral vectors : basic science and gene therapy / 
The ghosts of Spindletop Hill / 
The librarian's facility management handbook / 
A research guide for undergraduate students : English and American literature / 
Whale talk / 
Halff of Texas : a merchant rancher of the Old West / 
Scrooge meets Dick and Jane / 
The Japanese model of schooling : comparisons with the United States / 
Mississippian community organization : the Powers phase in southeastern Missouri / 
Statistical concepts : a second course for education and the behavioral sciences / 
How to hack a party line : the Democrats and Silicon Valley / 
Snowshoeing Colorado / 
Night Train Lane : the life of NFL hall of famer Richard "Night Train" Lane / 
The perception of risk / 
The Earthscan reader in business and sustainable development / 
Animal welfare / 
Human rights and biomedicine / 
Modernisation and decentralisation of EC competition law / 
Trade, development, and the environment / 
Through the dragon's mask : release the warrior within through skills of the heart and mind / 
Alone in community : journeys into monastic life around the world / 
Terrorism / 
Charles Lindbergh : pilot / 
The Double Heart Diner / 
Readings on Twelfth night / 
Television talk shows : discourse, performance, spectacle / 
Readings on The importance of being earnest / 
Eliza and the sacred mountain / 
The Bridges in Paris / 
Have you ever done that? / 
The Arctic : a guide to coastal wildlife / 
The business of digital television / 
Basic photography / 
Wisdom, Gods and literature : studies in Assyriology in honour of W.G. Lambert / 
The fruit of the vine : viticulture in ancient Israel / 
Twentieth-century Eastern European writers. Third series / 
Lydia Bailey / 
The theory mess : deconstruction in eclipse / 
Willimena and the cookie money / 
Carbohydrate reserves in plants : synthesis and regulation / 
A palpable elysium : portraits of genius and solitude / 
Federal administrative dispute resolution deskbook / 
Heat treatment of gears : a practical guide for engineers / 
Information literacy and technology research projects : grades 6-9 / 
Voices of the American Revolution : stories of men, women, and children who forged our nation / 
Extraordinary board leadership : the seven keys to high-impact governance / 
Cross-cultural research methods / 
Nickel, cobalt, and their alloys / 
Development and verification of ICR membrane protocol for bench and pilot studies / 
Ethics in HIV-related psychotherapy : clinical decision making in complex cases / 
Ethnopolitical warfare : causes, consequences, and possible solutions / 
Newbery and Caldecott trivia and more for every day of the year / 
Practical steps to the research process for middle school / 
Apache desktop reference / 
Composite structures : theory and practice / 
OLE DB consumer templates : a programmer's guide / 
Trying cases to win. Evidence, weapons for winning / 
High-yield embryology / 
The history and dynamics of global plate motions / 
Methods of information geometry / 
Function theory of several complex variables / 
Proper maps of toposes / 
The second Chinburg conjecture for quaternion fields / 
Equivariant E-theory for C*-algebras / 
C*-algebras and elliptic operators in differential topology / 
Analytic quotients : theory of liftings for quotients over analytic ideals on the integers / 
On natural coalgebra decompositions of tensor algebras and loop suspensions / 
MRI of the musculoskeletal system / 
Analysis of communication networks : call centres, traffic, and performance / 
The book of hymns / 
Double dealer : a Bert and Nan Tatum Mystery / 
The glass factory : a Filomena Buscarsela mystery / 
Believe no evil / 
Time to be in earnest : a fragment of autobiography / 
Probable cause / 
Nurse in charge / 
Sunrise / 
King of the Wind / 
Dogsong / 
Misty of Chincoteague / 
Ship of miracles : 14,000 lives and one miraculous voyage / 
Pensions in the public sector / 
Joey Pigza swallowed the key / 
Mr. Cheap's Chicago / 
Microstrip antenna design handbook / 
Design connoisseur : an eclectic collection of imagery and type / 
Configuration management : the missing link in Web engineering / 
The satellite communication ground segment and earth station handbook / 
Theory and practice of radar target identification / 
Mastering 3D animation / 
Casting directors' secrets : inside tips for successful auditions / 
Medicine / 
Interfacial properties on the submicrometer scale / 
Hypersonic and high temperature gas dynamics / 
Letter art : 
An introduction to game-theoretic modelling / 
Ulcerative lesions of the oral cavity / 
High-linearity RF amplifier design / 
Teaching cues for sport skills / 
New directions in anthropology and environment : intersections / 
Multiaxial fatigue and deformation : testing and prediction / 
The practical nomad : how to travel around the world / 
The basketball book / 
Fruit processing : nutrition, products, and quality management / 
Life in colonial America / 
Producing for Hollywood : a guide for the independent producer / 
Collaborative theme building : how teachers write integrated curriculum / 
Web pages the smart way : a painless guide to creating and posting your own Website / 
Music, electronic media, and culture / 
Teaching the language arts : expanding thinking through student-centered instruction / 
Metapattern : context and time in information models / 
Developing vocabulary for college thinking / 
Algebra and trigonometry : graphs and models : a unit circle approach / 
Copyright essentials for librarians and educators / 
Hapkido : traditions, philosophy, technique = Hapkido / 
Administration of the small public library / 
Academic libraries as high-tech gateways : a guide to design & space decisions / 
Black and beautiful : how women of color changed the fashion industry / 
They called me "King Tiger" : my struggle for the land and our rights / 
Belief matters : United Methodism's doctrinal standards / 
The Golden Age : essays in British social and economic history 1850-1870 / 
Under sail : aboard the world's finest boats / 
Generalized, linear, and mixed models / 
What is death? : a scientist looks at the cycle of life / 
Industrial control systems design / 
Ecotoxicology of wild mammals / 
The advertising law guide : a friendly desktop reference for advertising professionals / 
SO-CAL Speed Shop's how to build hot rod chassis / 
Chrysler PT Cruiser / 
Airbus A320 / 
Teaching Tudor and Stuart women writers / 
Middle ages. Primary sources / 
Middle ages / 
Community college library job descriptions and organizational charts / 
Birds of prey : a novel of suspense / 
Resort to murder : a Henrie O mystery / 
Precalculus : graphs and models : a unit circle approach / 
50 years down a country road / 
Home for the holidays / 
Biba's taste of Italy : recipes from the homes, trattorie, and restaurants of Emilia-Romagna / 
Programming and customizing the AVR microcontroller / 
Hazardous waste management / 
Emerging financial markets / 
Management and organizational behavior / 
Advanced macroeconomics / 
How to act like a CEO : 10 rules for getting to the top and staying there / 
DotCom divas : E-business insights from the visionary women founders of 20 net ventures / 
Does it always rain in the rain forest? : questions and answers about tropical rain forests / 
Fluffy's funny field trip / 
Fluffy grows a garden / 
Clifford the big red dog : the big leaf pile / 
Clifford the big red dog : tummy trouble / 
Clifford the big red dog : the show-and-tell surprise / 
Clifford the big red dog : the runaway rabbit / 
Clifford the big red dog : the stormy day rescue / 
Multiple-time-scale dynamical systems / 
Elements of statistical disclosure control / 
Fibrinolytics and antifibrinolytics / 
Evolutionary Web development / 
Ice ages and astronomical causes : data, spectral analysis, and mechanisms / 
Vision and attention / 
Chemical and physical behavior of human hair / 
Advancing federal sector health care : a model for technology transfer / 
Deep inelastic positron-proton scattering in the high-momentum-transfer regime of HERA / 
Statistics for lawyers / 
Ovulation : evolving scientific and clinical concepts / 
Plant-fungal pathogen interaction : a classical and molecular view / 
Semiconductor cavity quantum electrodynamics / 
Interventional pain management / 
Optical design for visual systems / 
Thar she blows : American whaling in the nineteenth century / 
Ben's story : Holocaust letters with selections from the Dutch underground press / 
Soldiers of fortune : the rise and fall of the Chinese military-business complex, 1978-1998 / 
SEMPER--secure electronic marketplace for Europe / 
Names above houses / 
Neuroscience / 
The corvette / 
Rhetoric as philosophy : the humanist tradition / 
The New American dictionary of difficult words / 
The American census handbook / 
The bomb vessel / 
An actor, and a rare one : Peter Cushing as Sherlock Holmes / 
Disconnected America : the consequences of mass media in a narcissistic world / 
Breaking your dog's bad habits / 
Preschool language disorders resource guide : specific language impairment / 
Salvage style : 45 home and garden projects using reclaimed architectural details / 
Templates for the solution of algebraic eigenvalue problems / 
Woolly mammoth : life, death, and rediscovery / 
Women traders in cross-cultural perspective : mediating identities, marketing wares / 
Encephalo-peripheral nervous system : vascularisation, anatomy, imaging / 
Japanese industrial history : technology, urbanization, and economic growth / 
The funeral party / 
Crossing the acheron : a study of nine novels by Giose Rimanelli / 
Pueblo Indian wisdom : Native American legends and mythology / 
Simple marquetry : techniques, projects, inspirations / 
Toxicological carcinogenesis / 
Reason, revelation, and human affairs : selected writings of James V. Schall / 
The Scottish connection : the rise of English literary study in early America / 
Ford : the dust and the glory / 
God, death, and time / 
Grooming your dog : a natural and herbal approach / 
High resolution site surveys / 
Eyewitnesses to massacre : American missionaries bear witness to Japanese atrocities in Nanjing / 
Gods in granite : the art of the White Mountains of New Hampshire / 
Place names : how they define the world-- and more / 
The making of modern economics : the lives and ideas of the great thinkers / 
Pedagogical economies : the examination and the Victorian literary man / 
From blue to gray : the life of Confederate General Cadmus M. Wilcox / 
Russian fascism : traditions, tendencies, movements / 
Emanuel Swedenborg : the development of his thought / 
Women & men in the prehispanic Southwest : labor, power & prestige / 
Memory makers quilted scrapbooks : 
Dorland's neurology word book : for medical transcriptionists / 
Kidney transplantation : principles and practice / 
Dorland's cardiology word book : for medical transcriptionists / 
Review of orthopaedic trauma / 
Jazz in New Orleans : the postwar years through 1970 / 
Historical dictionary of Equatorial Guinea / 
International arbitration and procedure / 
Law miscellanies / 
A treatise on the principles of pleading, in civil actions / 
Empirical Bayes and likelihood inference / 
Algebraic surfaces / 
Measuring business cycles in economic time series / 
Motion vision : computational, neural, and ecological constraints / 
The science of cooking / 
Quantization and non-holomorphic modular forms / 
Frequency measurement and control : advanced techniques and future trends / 
Large eddy simulations for incompressible flows : an introduction / 
Asteroids, comets, and meteors / 
International marketing cases / 
Misery prefigured / 
Earth science / 
Ryan's occupational therapy assistant : principles, practice issues, and techniques / 
Dorland's radiology/oncology word book : for medical transcriptionists / 
Great Sand Dunes National Monument : the shape of the wind / 
Microbial interactions in agriculture and forestry / 
Understanding partnership and LLC taxation / 
The darker face of the earth : a play / 
Simulation modeling for watershed management / 
Andrology : male reproductive health and dysfunction / 
Verbmobil : foundations of speech-to-speech translation / 
Optics and lasers : including fibers and optical waveguides / 
Classical mechanics : systems of particles and Hamiltonian dynamics / 
Tabular application development for information systems : an object-oriented methodology / 
Slayers, saviors, servants, and sex : an expose of kingdom fungi / 
Introduction to statistical physics / 
War and democracy : a comparative study of the Korean War and the Peloponnesian War / 
Elite politics in contemporary China / 
China and Christianity : burdened past, hopeful future / 
Dutch treat : a novel of World War II / 
Poison : modern manifestations of a blood libel / 
Understanding your special needs grandchild : a grandparents' guide / 
Steady Eddie : a novel / 
Lighter than air : moral poems / 
Body outlaws : young women write about body image and identity / 
Arturo y el negocio de mascotas / 
Science and the visual image in the enlightenment / 
The rebel rules : daring to be yourself in business / 
Planets / 
Supersymmetry in quantum and classical mechanics / 
The theory of numbers : an introduction / 
Chagall drawings : 43 works / 
The new family cookbook : recipes for nourishing yourself and those you love / 
Perspectives on thinking, learning, and cognitive styles / 
Scats and tracks of the desert Southwest : a field guide to the signs of 70 wildlife species / 
Best practice procurement : public and private sector perspectives / 
Pen and paper games for training / 
Team-based learning / 
Purchasing scams and how to avoid them / 
Customer service : skills and concepts for success / 
Supervision : managing for results / 
Encyclopedia of Latter-Day Saint history / 
O say can you see? : biblical stories about spiritual blindness / 
Unionization and union leadership : the road haulage industry / 
Christina Aguilera / 
The witness trees : Lithuania / 
Duty-honor-valor : the story of the Eleventh Mississippi Infantry Regiment / 
Chicago Christmas : one hundred years of Christmas memories / 
The Nez Perce / 
Kurt Vonnegut's Slaughterhouse five / 
Anton Chekhov / 
Cameron Diaz / 
Antonio Banderas / 
Drugs and sports / 
Amish children / 
The Darwin awards / 
Farewell, my nation : the American Indian and the United States in the nineteenth century / 
Side by side : a handbook / 
Experiments against reality : the fate of culture in the postmodern age / 
Sudan : 1880 to the present : crossroads of a continent in conflict / 
Pediatric hematopathology / 
Shipwrecks north of Boston / 
Trucks, tractors, and cranes / 
Amplifying your effectiveness : collected essays / 
Neptune / 
A Greek island cosmos : kinship & community on Meganisi / 
Selena / 
The mandate of heaven : hidden history in the I ching / 
The 23rd cycle : learning to live with a stormy star / 
The beauty of straw bale homes / 
The Monterey Formation : from rocks to molecules / 
Quantum gravity, generalized theory of gravitation, and superstring theory-based unification / 
Stripes and related phenomena / 
Oscar De La Hoya / 
The empowerment approach to social work practice : building the beloved community / 
Future perfect : confronting decisions about genetics / 
Earliest Italy : an overview of the Italian Paleolithic and Mesolithic / 
Ultimate judgment : a story of emotional corruption, obsession, and betrayal / 
The free fall / 
Roots & flowers : poets and poems on family / 
Let's go to the beach : a history of sun and fun by the sea / 
Hinduism and ecology : the intersection of earth, sky, and water / 
Food waste to animal feed / 
Hints & pinches / 
Principles of football / 
Aspects of the screenplay : techniques of screenwriting / 
Weight Watchers great cooking every day : 
Introduction to microwave circuits : radio frequency and design applications / 
Family systems/family therapy : applications for clinical practice / 
The personhood of the therapist / 
An absolute massacre : the New Orleans race riot of July 30, 1866 / 
Dream on / 
Lady, this is murder / 
The hard detective / 
Twenty-first century pharmaceutical development / 
Comparative politics : a theoretical framework / 
Learning by choice in secondary physical education : creating a goal-directed program / 
Galileo / 
Dian Fossey / 
Chasing down the dawn / 
Compulsory Irish : language and education in Ireland, 1870s-1970s / 
Linux rapid application development / 
On fertile ground / 
Homosexuality : the use of scientific research in the church's moral debate / 
Football's new combination-60 defense / 
Hugs from the refrigerator : [the psychology of emotional eating]  / 
Back to basics : 
Genesis 1-11 / 
Health services management : a book of cases / 
Dinosaurs big and small / 
Penguin chick / 
Stuart sets sail / 
Big trouble in little Twinsville / 
Down Cut Shin Creek : the pack horse librarians of Kentucky / 
Sharpe's fortress : Richard Sharpe and the Siege of Gawilghur, December 1803 / 
The spy wore shades / 
Rain is not my Indian name / 
Blue / 
Lirael, daughter of the Clayr / 
Caldera OpenLinux bible / 
The moon landing : the race into space / 
Making government work : California cases in policy, politics, and public management / 
Writing logically, thinking critically : with readings / 
Health services management : readings and commentary / 
Old Mother Hubbard / 
Bailey Bymyside : golden lessons for life / 
Ruthless trust : the ragamuffin's path to God / 
Spiritual divorce : divorce as a catalyst for an extraordinary life / 
Son of a preacher man : my search for grace in the shadows / 
Clinical studies in neuro-psychoanalysis : introduction to a depth neuropsychology / 
Your vintage wedding / 
Invasion of the nose pickers / 
Zach's lie / 
Fly / 
Night of the bat / 
Making the most of college : students speak their minds / 
Five green and speckled frogs / 
Foundations for conceptual research in psychoanalysis / 
Clinical and observational psychoanalytic research : roots of a controversy / 
Burn factor / 
Macworld AppleWorks 6 bible / 
Fascism and the right in Europe, 1919-1945 / 
In good company : how social capital makes organizations work / 
Nursery crimes / 
Places in time : a new atlas of American history / 
The water gift and the pig of the pig / 
Mexico / 
Italy / 
Caribbean / 
Paul McCartney : an unauthorized biography / 
Elvis Presley : an unauthorized biography / 
Japan / 
Safe in the Father's hands : knowing God's comfort / 
When you don't know what to say / 
A table of grace : stories and recipes to nourish the heart / 
A letter is a gift forever : the charm and tradition of a handwritten note / 
Walking together in wisdom : God's proverbs for fathers and their sons/ 
Tea with Victoria Rose / 
Decorating your heart & home / 
The purrfect companion : learning about life from our feline friends / 
Quiet moments with God / 
The God who smiles / 
She's gonna blow! / 
Protocols for neural cell culture / 
The granny / 
High starlight / 
Sweet Thursday / 
The unfinished revolution : human-centered computers and what they can do for us / 
Where we lived : a fiction / 
Among the Russians / 
Bloody roads South : the Wilderness to Cold Harbor, May-June 1864 / 
The ship and the storm : Hurricane Mitch and the loss of the Fantome / 
On matters of liberation / 
Georgia vs. Georgia Tech : gridiron grudge since 1893 / 
Singing my him song / 
Duty first : West Point and the making of American leaders / 
Snapshots : literacy minilessons up close / 
How we talk : American regional English today / 
Little Meg's children / 
Hubert Ellerdale : a tale of the days of Wycliffe / 
Courtly love : the path of sexual initiation / 
Macworld Mac upgrade and repair bible / 
Ayurveda for women : a guide to vitality and health / 
Novell's LDAP developer's guide / 
Why is cancer killing our pets? : how you can protect and treat your animal companion / 
Complete physical education plans for grades 7-12 / 
Australia's lost world : prehistoric animals of Riversleigh / 
The dog department : James Thurber on hounds, scotties, and talking poodles / 
Emerald germs of Ireland / 
Exile, emigration, and Irish writing / 
The worst day of my life, so far : my mother, Alzheimer's, and me : a novel / 
The bombshell manual of style / 
Dīrūz va fardā : sih guftār darbārah-ʼi Īrān-i inqilābī / 
Love in the mountains / 
Computers for twenty-first century educators / 
The data book of astronomy / 
The consent of the governed : the Lockean legacy in early American culture / 
W.B. Yeats and postcolonialism / 
DRAM circuit design : a tutorial / 
Signs of sense : reading Wittgenstein's Tractatus / 
Persecution and toleration in Protestant England, 1558-1689 / 
College writing : keeping it real / 
The Tories and Ireland : Conservative Party politics and the home rule crisis, 1910-1914 / 
Integration of technology into the classroom : case studies / 
Coming back to the body : poems / 
The psychologist as detective : an introduction to conducting research in psychology / 
American musical theatre : a chronicle / 
Law and the language of identity : discourse in the William Kennedy Smith rape trial / 
Monetary economics / 
The decline and fall of the Roman city / 
Hecuba ; The Trojan women ; Andromache / 
Unfree speech : the folly of campaign finance reform / 
Steel to stone : a chronicle of colonialism in the Southern Highlands of Papua New Guinea / 
Artists in residence / 
Inline skater / 
Castaways of the Flying Dutchman / 
Partial seizure disorders : help for patients and families / 
Parerga and paralipomena : short philosophical essays / 
Revolutions in sovereignty : how ideas shaped modern international relations / 
Social outsiders in Nazi Germany / 
The phonology of standard Chinese / 
Introduction to mechanical engineering / 
Peace, conflict, and violence : peace psychology for the 21st century / 
Macintosh operating system / 
Wonder and critical reflection : an invitation to philosophy / 
Writing for the visual arts / 
From novice to expert : excellence and power in clinical nursing practice / 
Historical introduction to philosophy / 
Juvenile delinquency : concepts and control / 
Civil rights and liberties : provocative questions and evolving answers / 
Anatomy of the sacred : an introduction to religion / 
Strategic management in action / 
How to be a great cop / 
Learning and behavior : biological, psychological, and sociocultural perspectives / 
Police misconduct : a reader for the 21st century / 
Internetworking with TCP/IP. Vol. III. Client-server programming and applications / 
Power electronic systems : theory and design / 
Dun & Bradstreet's guide to doing business around the world / 
Garden mania : the ardent gardener's compendium of design & decoration / 
Raggedy Ann and Johnny Gruelle : a bibliography of published works / 
The ABCs of architectural and interior design drafting : with an introduction to AutoCAD 2000 / 
Reiki para principiantes : técnicas naturales de curación / 
Games from long ago & far away / 
When you grow up / 
[Soi︠u︡z dvukh muz / 
International business : global competition from a European perspective / 
The love that keeps us sane : living the little way of St. Thérèse of Lisieux / 
Timeless reality : symmetry, simplicity, and multiple universes / 
Prentice Hall health Q & A review for Phlebotomy / 
When the state kills : capital punishment and the American condition / 
Function spaces and applications / 
Vibratory condition monitoring of machines / 
A user's guide to spectral sequences / 
Resistance and rebellion : lessons from Eastern Europe / 
The saints of the sword / 
Riley in the morning / 
Grounding in English and Arabic news discourse / 
The church out on a limerick / 
The economics of art and culture / 
Citizens and politics : perspectives from political psychology / 
Living without free will / 
Patterns of social capital : stability and change in historical perspective / 
Hegel, literature, and the problem of agency / 
Education in the moral domain / 
Prototypes : the history of the IMSA GTP Series / 
The book of Catholic wisdom : 2000 years of spiritual writing / 
The universe unveiled : instruments and images through history / 
The Cambridge dictionary of space technology / 
An introduction to nuclear physics / 
Community structure and co-operation in biofilms / 
Beyond aesthetics : philosophical essays / 
An artist's journey of discovery / 
The dog lover's survival guide : helpful hints for solving your most pesky pet problems / 
The cat lover's survival guide : helpful hints for solving your most pesky pet problems / 
Bread staling / 
Touching quiet : reflections in solitude / 
October dawn : a novel based on the Cuban Missle Crisis / 
Building teams in ministry / 
Understanding surveillance technologies : spy devices, their origins & applications / 
VLSI design / 
Food intolerance and the food industry / 
A companion to economic geography / 
Counterfactuals / 
On the plurality of worlds / 
Advanced methods of mathematical physics / 
HACCP in the meat industry / 
Tennis science & technology / 
Managing epilepsy : a clinical handbook / 
Stroke : a practical guide to management / 
The sugar addict's total recovery program / 
The world atlas of saltwater fishing / 
Run-to-run control in semiconductor manufacturing  / 
Tree lattices / 
Political parties and elections in American states / 
Passion for golf : in pursuit of the innermost game / 
Are angels real? / 
The mark : the beast rules the world / 
Before I dream Bible storybook / 
Tell me the story of Jesus / 
One family's journey through Alzheimer's / 
Good night, Monkey Boy / 
Hello school! : a classroom of poems / 
Storm warriors / 
How to be a real person (in just one day) / 
Incorrect thoughts : notes on our wayward culture / 
The health marketplace : New York City, 1990-2010 / 
Fundamental rights : history of a constitutional doctrine / 
Culture and the radical conscience / 
Twilight of liberty : the legacy of the ACLU / 
Immigrant women / 
Landscaping your home : 
Designing with plants : 
Exploring garden style : 
Creating beds and borders : 
Saichō : the establishment of the Japanese Tendai School : with a new preface / 
Law and order in a weak state : crime and politics in Papua New Guinea / 
Controlling the dragon : Confucian engineers and the Yellow River in the late imperial China / 
MasterCases : spine surgery / 
Key techniques in orthopaedic surgery / 
Nationalism and African intellectuals / 
Perspectives on early modern and modern intellectual history : 
A short history of the Native Americans in the United States / 
Unlocking city hall : exploring the history of local government and politics / 
Basic history of American conservatism / 
Introduction to space : the science of spaceflight / 
The analysis and design of pneumatic systems / 
Wild life / 
Angel Creek / 
The caregiver : a life with Alzheimer's / 
Daniel / 
Florian's Gate : a novel / 
In the midst of lions / 
Song of the silent harp / 
Every little thing about you / 
Belated follower / 
Ian Fleming's James Bond 007 in Double shot / 
Hagar / 
The shaping of American ethnography : the Wilkes Exploring Expedition, 1838-1842 / 
The midsummer classic : the complete history of baseball's All-Star Game / 
The savage night = La nuit sauvage / 
The museum of useless efforts / 
Workers, neighbors, and citizens : the revolution in Mexico City / 
Team spirits : the Native American mascots controversy / 
The collapse of the Confederacy / 
Best of Prairie schooner : fiction and poetry / 
Contemporary Jewish writing in Poland : an anthology / 
I'm not done yet! : keeping at it, remaining relevant, and having the time of my life / 
The Ephesus fragment / 
Jade green : a ghost story / 
Metabolic and endocrine physiology / 
Briefcase warriors : stories for the stage / 
Scanning the skies : a history of tornado forecasting / 
Tell them we are going home : the odyssey of the northern Cheyennes / 
Whiskey man / 
Outside agitator : Jon Daniels and the civil rights movement in Alabama / 
The great breakthrough and its cause / 
La partera : story of a midwife / 
Educating for sustainability = Umweltbildung und Agenda 21 = Former à la durabilité / 
Tasking textuality / 
Scientific national history : the Greek case in comparative perspective (1850-1920) / 
Staging masculinity : the rhetoric of performance in the Roman world / 
Because of the kids : facing racial and cultural differences in schools / 
Protecting the right to teach and learn : power, politics, and public schools / 
Trade and the developing world in the 21st century / 
A manual on international humanitarian law and arms control agreements / 
Out under the sky of the Great Smokies : a personal journal / 
Fools' parade / 
Fern grower's manual / 
Generation risk : how to protect your teenager from smoking and other dangerous behavior / 
This is how love works : 9 essential secrets you need to know / 
Ricky Martin / 
Jeff Bezos / 
Biographical dictionary of Ancient Greek and Roman women : notable women from Sappho to Helena / 
Faithless : tales of transgression / 
The breadmaker's carnival / 
Over the shoulder : a novel of intrigue / 
Empire statesman : the rise and redemption of Al Smith / 
The arrogance of power : the secret world of Richard Nixon / 
The judgment / 
The 100 best poems of all time / 
How many days until tomorrow? / 
In the fall / 
Human resource strategies in China / 
The Simms reader : selections from the writings of William Gilmore Simms / 
Wait and see, Annie Lee / 
Byzantine garden culture / 
Dead run : the shocking story of Dennis Stockton and life on death row in America / 
Essentials of Texas politics / 
Guide to IGOs, NGOs, and the military in peace and relief operations / 
Career and calling : a guide for counselors, youth, and young adults / 
Differential models and neutral systems for controlling the wealth of nations / 
Around-the-world art & activities : visiting the 7 continents through craft fun / 
Demystifying virtual private networks / 
Learn Object Pascal with Delphi / 
WAN survival guide : strategies for VPNs and multiservice networks / 
Food in the 21st century : from science to sustainable agriculture / 
The Federal Trade Commission : a guide to sources / 
Feminist phenomenology / 
The reform of the international financial architecture / 
The legal liability of hospitals / 
International criminal law : a collection of international and European instruments / 
London perceived / 
Acoustic emission-beyond the millennium / 
Irreversibilities in quantum mechanics / 
Optical fiber sensor technology : advanced applications : Bragg gratings and distributed sensors / 
Plant tolerance to abiotic stresses in agriculture : role of genetic engineering / 
Papers in honour of Bernhard Banaschewski / 
British English, A to Zed / 
Woodcuts of women / 
Biology today : an issues approach / 
Aware : a retrospective of the life and work of Eric Sloane / 
Savvy online shopping : your guide to getting the best products--at the best prices--on line! / 
Piston-powered propliners 1958-2000 / 
Joe Nagata's LEGO MINDSTORMS idea book / 
Clinical vignettes for the USMLE step 2 : 
Building an eBusiness : from the ground up / 
Production and operations analysis / 
Money, capital mobility, and trade : essays in honor of Robert A. Mundell / 
Welfare and employment in a united Europe : a study for the Fondazione Rodolfo Debenedetti / 
Microsoft Windows Movie Maker handbook / 
A storytime year : a month-to-month kit for preschool programming / 
Ready, set, go! : a student guide to SPSS 10.0 for Windows / 
Transboundary water resources in the Balkans : initiating a sustainable co-operative network / 
Environmental challenges / 
1688 : a global history / 
Build me an ark : a life with animals / 
Book business : publishing past, present, and future / 
Create your own tabletop fountains / 
Obstetrics and gynecology : PreTest self-assessment and review / 
The culture of an information economy : influences and impacts in the Republic of Ireland / 
Cavity expansion methods in geomechanics / 
Solvability theory of boundary value problems and singular integral equations with shift / 
Tsunamis in the Mediterranean Sea, 2000 B.C.-2000 A.D. / 
Aircraft of World War II / 
The Mahalanobis-Taguchi system / 
Putting first what matters most : proven strategies for success in work and in life / 
John Deere collectibles / 
101st Airborne : Screaming Eagles at Normandy / 
A wing in the door : life with a red-tailed hawk / 
Tanks of World War II / 
Dump trucks / 
Ships of World War II / 
Harley-Davidson Evolution motorcycles / 
The last blue plate special / 
Handbook of administrative ethics / 
My turtle / 
My guinea pig / 
C*-algebras and numerical analysis / 
Differential geometry with applications to mechanics and physics / 
Handbook of global technology policy / 
Compressed video over networks / 
Nickel alloys / 
Coding theory and cryptography : the essentials / 
Infrared and raman spectroscopy of biological materials / 
Containment in the pharmaceutical industry / 
Mail @ the millennium : will the postal service go private? / 
Imaging the city : continuing struggles and new directions / 
An invitation to the feast : celebrating life in an age of plenty / 
The universal dream key : the twelve most common dream themes around the world / 
Dark Harbor House : a novel / 
The code of love : the true story of two lovers torn apart by the war that brought them together / 
The war against oblivion : Zapatista chronicles, 1994-2000 / 
From Maine to the main line : a history of Consumers Water Company / 
The complete works of Oswald Chambers / 
For better or for worse : the marriage of science and government in the United States / 
Vancouver / 
Jerusalem / 
Looking at maps and globes / 
Smelling / 
Max's starry night / 
Shanna's princess show / 
The quotable Walt Disney / 
The meaning of herbs : myth, language & lore / 
Internet blue pages : the guide to federal government web sites / 
Things on wheels / 
Katie Couric / 
Aretha Franklin / 
Toni Morrison / 
Pieces of gold : 
Knife, fork, & spoon : eating around the world / 
Jigger, beaker, & glass : drinking around the world / 
Hounds and hunting through the ages / 
Tales of freshwater fishing / 
Feminist consequences : theory for the new century / 
Manly states : masculinities, international relations, and gender politics / 
Gay fiction speaks : conversations with gay novelists / 
Handbook of social work practice with vulnerable and resilient populations / 
Extension of holomorphic functions / 
Three contemporary German novellas / 
Strategic negotiations : a theory of change in labor-management relations / 
Austria as theater and ideology : the meaning of the Salzburg festival / 
From colonials to provincials : American thought and culture, 1680-1760 / 
Nurse's fast facts : the only book you need for clinicals! / 
Pharmacotherapeutics for nurse practitioner prescribers / 
The Pacific war encyclopedia / 
Grammar and writing skills for the health professional / 
Mother Teresa / 
The Apollo 1 and Challenger disasters / 
Gloria Estefan / 
The Exxon Valdez / 
The princess who overcame evil : a Jataka tale / 
ScoreCards for vascular technology : a Q&A flashcard study system for vascular technology / 
Learn chess from the greats / 
Aviation firsts : 336 questions and answers / 
Secrets of New England cooking / 
Life on the Mississippi / 
Secrets of palm reading / 
Secrets of Alexander technique / 
Secrets of energy work / 
Secrets of aromatherapy / 
The secrets of shiatsu / 
Foodborne disease handbook / 
Wood and cellulosic chemistry / 
Modulated coding for intersymbol interference channels / 
Advanced mathematical methods in science and engineering / 
The dream of Norumbega : an epic poem on the United States of America / 
Australian cinema in the 1990s / 
Education as power / 
Multidimensional scaling / 
Sources of Japanese tradition / 
The resume writer's workbook / 
GoLive 5 / 
Balancing democracy / 
Invisible woman : growing up black in Germany / 
Political freedom : associations, political purposes, and the law / 
Water / 
Labor relations in the public sector / 
Handbook of elastomers / 
Environmental asthma / 
Advanced pharmaceutical solids / 
Practical guide to industrial safety : methods for process safety professionals / 
Handbook of organizational behavior / 
Rotating machinery vibration : from analysis to troubleshooting / 
Digital speech processing, synthesis, and recognition / 
Talk of love : how culture matters / 
Unfettered expression : freedom in American intellectual life / 
Women and power in the Middle East / 
African safari / 
Love lessons from my mom : important stuff I hope I never forget / 
Joint structure and function : a comprehensive analysis / 
A midwinter's tale / 
White teeth / 
One god or many? : concepts of divinity in the ancient world / 
Soil and environmental analysis : physical methods / 
Microbial pest control / 
Good meat makes its own gravy : 135 servings for the soul / 
Op amps and linear integrated circuits : theory and application / 
Classroom manual for medium/heavy duty truck diesel engines / 
Shop manual for medium/heavy duty truck diesel engines / 
Interventional cardiovascular medicine : principles and practice / 
MCSE Windows 2000 network design / 
Tasting / 
The Korean War Veterans Memorial / 
Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur / 
My cat / 
Adobe LiveMotion : visual insight / 
Tina Modotti, photographer and revolutionary / 
A month of meditations for mothers / 
A month of meditations for teachers / 
The tower of myriad mirrors : a supplement to Journey to  the West / 
John Irving / 
MCSE IEAK 5 / 
Grammar grabbers! : ready-to-use games & activities for improving basic writing skills / 
The restaurant start-up guide : a 12-month plan for successfully starting a restaurant / 
The Allagash / 
Shop manual for automotive brake systems / 
Classroom manual for automotive brake systems / 
Exploring agriscience / 
Criminal justice in America / 
Toscana mia : the heart and soul of Tuscan cooking / 
Revelation / 
Up close and personal : embracing the poor / 
Fleeting images / 
Combinatorial optimization : networks and matroids / 
The 5,000-year-old puzzle : solving a mystery of ancient Egypt / 
Please, Malese! : a trickster tale from Haiti / 
Bibliotherapy : the girl's guide to books for every phase of our lives / 
Enjoying intimacy with God / 
The Medal of Honor / 
Martin Luther King Jr. Day / 
Good flies : favorite trout patterns and how they got that way / 
Bioinformatics : sequence and genome analysis / 
Chipper / 
The memory prisoner / 
Sexing the brain / 
Negotiating culture and human rights / 
Family-centered policies and practices : international implications / 
Windows 2000 TCP/IP : black book / 
MCSE Windows 2000 security design / 
The taste of apples / 
Who cut the cheese? : an a-mazing parody about change and how we can get our hands on yours / 
The saints from A to Z : an inspirational dictionary / 
Model patient : my life as an incurable wise-ass / 
God's trademarks : how to determine whether a message, ministry, or strategy is truly from God / 
The Karluk's last voyage : an epic of death and survival in the Arctic, 1913-1916 / 
Essential atlas of infectious diseases / 
Nursing issues in women's health / 
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness / 
The earthworm jar / 
Open secrets : a spiritual journey through a country church / 
Spiritual survival guide : how to find God when you're sick / 
Blind beauty / 
Pooh and the psychologists : in which it is proven that Pooh Bear is a brilliant psychotherapist / 
How sweet the sound : stories inspired by the hymns we love / 
The successful interview & beyond / 
Lord of the deep / 
The buccaneers / 
The year of my Indian prince / 
Helping children with dyspraxia / 
Go down, Moses! : daily devotions inspired by old Negro spirituals / 
Shugendō : essays on the structure of Japanese folk religion / 
Encounters with the soul : active imagination as developed by C.G. Jung / 
Striving towards wholeness / 
Christ in the Psalms / 
Health promotion in the workplace / 
Acute medical emergencies : a nursing guide / 
No man can hinder me : the journey from slavery to emancipation through song / 
Lessons in love : a guide to making your loving relationship last for a lifetime / 
MCSE Windows 2000 network exam prep / 
Falls Church : a Virginia village revisited / 
From the beach to the bay : an illustrated history of Sandbridge in Virginia / 
Death's row : the life of Willie Lloyd Turner, Virginia's dean of death row / 
Pride and passion / 
The paper door and other stories / 
Albert Camus's The Stranger / 
Spring essence : the poetry of Hồ Xuân Hương / 
Automotive technician certification test preparation manual / 
International law and international relations / 
The business of shipping / 
Never tell mommy : a memoir / 
Soldier, settler, and Sioux : 
Play better baseball for girls : winning techniques for players and coaches / 
Banks to Sandberg to Grace : five decades of love and frustration with the Chicago Cubs / 
Raising resilient children : fostering strength, hope, and optimism in your child / 
Going low : how to break your individual golf scoring barrier by thinking like a pro / 
Women's golf shorts : 1,001 hole-in-one-liners by and about women in golf / 
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn / 
Erich Maria Remarque's All quiet on the western front / 
Tom Wolfe / 
Wildland firefighting practices / 
Weave little stars into my sleep : Native American lullabies / 
Noah and the devil : a legend of Noah's Ark from Romania / 
Surviving grief : 30 questions and answers for a time of loss / 
De expugnatione Lyxbonensi = The conquest of Lisbon / 
A guide to health insurance billing / 
Decoys and proven methods for using them / 
American Muslims : the new generation / 
On the way : vocation, awareness, and fly fishing / 
The silver horn : and other sporting tales of John Weatherford / 
Living water for thirsty souls : unleashing the power of exegetical preaching / 
Who killed Goliath? : reading the Bible with heart and mind / 
Hitler's uranium club : the secret recordings at Farm Hall / 
Electricity 2 : devices, circuits, and materials / 
Electricity 3 : power generation and delivery / 
Coastal waters : images of North Carolina / 
Straw into gold / 
Owen Foote, super spy / 
Inshore angler : coastal Carolina's small boat fishing guide / 
Laughter, tears, and in-between : soulful stories for the journey / 
Government and politics in Hungary / 
Women, violence, and war : wartime victimization of refugees in the Balkans / 
Feminism in the study of religion : a reader / 
Cervantes' Don Quixote / 
Highballs high heels : a girls guide to the art of cocktails / 
Insalate : authentic Italian salads for all seasons / 
Luscious lemon desserts / 
Olives, anchovies, and capers : the secret ingredients of the Mediterranean table / 
The new vegan cookbook : innovative vegetarian recipes free of dairy, eggs, and cholesterol / 
Sweet miniatures : the art of making bite-size desserts / 
Poetry like bread : poets of the political imagination from Curbstone Press / 
An apartheid oasis? : agriculture and rural livelihoods in Venda / 
An ideal husband / 
Japan's transition to the twenty-first century / 
Death in April / 
The Matlock paper / 
Praying for sleep / 
New deal for death : a "Blackjack" Endicott novel / 
Functional analysis / 
The amateur historian's guide to medieval and Tudor London, 1066-1600 / 
An overview of managerial economics in the health care system / 
Better than success : 8 principles of faithful leadership / 
What's love got to do with it? : love, power, sex, and God / 
Rest in the storm : self-care strategies for clergy and other caregivers / 
The jumping tree : a novel / 
Noko and the night monster / 
Detonation : theory and experiment / 
A safe place called home / 
Saints, scholars, and schizophrenics : mental illness  in rural Ireland / 
An index to Roman Imperial constitutions from Greek inscriptions and papyri : 27 BC to 284 AD / 
The advocate : a novel / 
E-Mail / 
Personal computers / 
The Internet for kids / 
The World Wide Web / 
The sun / 
The life of an astronaut / 
People and places / 
Resources and conservation / 
Martial arts in action / 
Golf in action / 
New poems : manuscript materials / 
Picturing tropical nature / 
More than dates & dead people : recovering a Christian view of history / 
Notes on extinction / 
Advanced security strategies : 
Spirits of another sort : the plays of Izumi Kyōka / 
Confessions of a shopaholic / 
The Tin Woodman of Oz / 
Parallel text processing : alignment and use of translation corpora / 
The chemical evolution of the galaxy / 
Dynamics : models and kinetic methods for non-equilibrium many body systems / 
Rhodium catalyzed hydroformylation / 
Perspectives on content-based multimedia systems / 
Bibliographies for biblical research. 
Community policing : origins, elements, implementation, assessment / 
Helioseismic diagnostics of solar convection and activity / 
Antioxidants and cardiovascular disease / 
Plant gene silencing / 
Introduction to global optimization / 
Remote sensing for environmental data in Albania : a strategy for integrated management / 
Meromorphic functions over non-archimedean fields / 
IUTAM-IASS Symposium on Deployable Structures : theory and applications / 
Appleton & Lange's outline review for the USMLE step 3 / 
Information handling in astronomy / 
Handbook of hydroxybenzophenones / 
Hydraulic and electric-hydraulic control systems / 
Aspect in English : a "common-sense" view of the interplay between verbal and nominal referents / 
Cellular neural networks : analysis, design, and optimization / 
Modern projective geometry / 
Overcoming anger and irritability : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques / 
Computers and education in the 21st century / 
Physics of quantum well devices / 
Cosmic plasma physics / 
Assessment and prediction of speech quality in telecommunications / 
Neural networks in optimization / 
Artist's photo reference. Buildings & barns / 
Guide to America's outdoors. Southeast / 
Beyond brain death : the case against brain based criteria for human death / 
John Adams : public servant / 
Careers in anthropology / 
Joseph, King of Dreams / 
Vegan : the new ethics of eating / 
Every handgun is aimed at you : the case for banning handguns / 
Ethics for life : a text with readings / 
Le Corbusier : inside the machine for living / 
Tools for land use analysis on different scales with case studies for Costa Rica / 
Data resource quality : turning bad habits into good practices / 
Physical education and sport in a changing society / 
WAP-the Wireless Application Protocol : writing applications for the mobile Internet / 
Marine corrosion in tropical environments / 
Cardiac spect imaging / 
Function point analysis : measurement practices for successful software projects / 
Graphic design time line : a century of design milestones / 
Encyclopedia of local history / 
The janitor's boy / 
Belle Prater's boy / 
The lost flower children / 
It's not about the bike : my journey back to life / 
Rosa Parks / 
The house of thunder / 
The switch / 
The other Shepards / 
Buster's diaries : 
Kane / 
15 days of prayer with Johannes Tauler / 
Eight Old English poems / 
The value growers : achieving competitive advantage through long-term growth and profits / 
Fundamentals of the stock market / 
Handbook of air conditioning and refrigeration / 
Piloting basics handbook / 
Virtual maniac : silly and serious poems for kids / 
From the ground up : the story of a first garden / 
Virginia law books : essays and bibliographies / 
Resurrecting the person : friendship and the care of people with mental health problems / 
The value mandate : maximizing shareholder value across the corporation / 
Theories of crime / 
On bullfighting / 
The Scribner essentials for writers / 
A life in the balance : the Billy Wayne Sinclair story / 
Abhidharmasamuccaya = the compendium of the higher teaching (philosophy) / 
The nature of international law / 
Teaching information & technology skills : the Big6 in secondary schools / 
Carbanion chemistry : structures and mechanisms / 
Paradigm lost : rethinking theater airlift to support the Army after next / 
From the Black churches : a historiographic taxonomy of religions in Jamaica / 
Ethiopian sovereignty : African nationhood : voices from the african diaspora call...  / 
The nature of remembering : essays in honor of Robert G. Crowder / 
Breast imaging companion / 
The nature of executive leadership : a conceptual and empirical analysis of success / 
Meaning reconstruction & the experience of loss / 
Multimedia for learning : methods and development / 
Database programming with JDBC and Java / 
Modern spatiotemporal geostatistics / 
Dealing with copyrights / 
The title-page, its early development, 1460-1510 / 
Humorous monologues / 
The Oxford history of the biblical world / 
The Buckland Romani Tarot : the Gypsy book of wisdom / 
Durkheim reconsidered / 
Palladium in heterocyclic chemistry : a guide for the synthetic chemist / 
The wise woman / 
Temptation / 
Dogrun / 
The price of passion / 
Power, money, fame, sex : a user's guide / 
Ballet and opera in the age of Giselle / 
The making of the Cold War enemy : culture and politics in the military-intellectual complex / 
Female acts in Greek tragedy / 
Ptolemy's Geography : an annotated translation of the theoretical chapters / 
Super brain power : 6 keys to unlocking your hidden genius / 
Fuzzy control : theory and practice / 
Partially linear models / 
Illegal immigration and economic welfare / 
Kant and the foundations of analytic philosophy / 
Hume's enlightenment tract : the unity and purpose of An enquiry concerning human understanding / 
Citizenship, markets, and the state / 
Stokes beginner's guide to butterflies / 
Identifying planetary triggers : astrological techniques for prediction / 
The therapeutic environment : core conditions for facilitating therapy / 
Schooling, diaspora, and gender : being feminist and being different / 
RNA editing / 
Harpo speaks--  about New York / 
The gospel of Judas : a novel / 
Immigration and American religion / 
Rice University / 
Measuring disease : a review of disease-specific quality of life measurement scales / 
Purgatory Ridge : a Cork O'Connor mystery / 
Internalization : the origins and construction of internal reality / 
Compassion, morality, and the media / 
Understanding human resource management / 
Improving school effectiveness / 
Geometry : theorems and constructions / 
Fundamentals of oil & gas accounting / 
Pieces : a collection of new voices / 
Gentle healing for baby and child : a parent's guide / 
A parting of the ways : Carnap, Cassirer, and Heidegger / 
Yoga : the ultimate spiritual path / 
The raft is not the shore : conversations toward a Buddhist-Christian awareness / 
Tarot awareness : exploring the spiritual path / 
Astrology & your child : a handbook for parents / 
Dreaming true : how to dream your future and change your life for the better / 
Mathematics applied to electronics / 
Business and management communication : a guide book / 
Chinese reflexives / 
Hamlet in purgatory / 
War and underdevelopment / 
Essays on the Aristotelian tradition / 
The new politics of the welfare state / 
Agency and responsibility : a common-sense moral psychology / 
The best of times : a personal and occupational odyssey / 
Presente! : U.S. Latino Catholics from colonial origins to the present / 
Religion in twentieth century America / 
Building more classic garden furniture / 
Challenging knowledge : the university in the knowledge society / 
The use of counselling skills in the emergency services / 
Feminism / 
Semi-detached idealists : the British peace movement and international relations, 1854-1945 / 
Parts : a study in ontology / 
Calcium signalling : a practical approach / 
Graphics concepts with SolidWorks 2000 / 
Hierbas de la madre naturaleza / 
Incentives, organization, and public economics : papers in honour of Sir James Mirrlees / 
Creating corporate reputations : identity, image, and performance / 
English philosophy in the age of Locke / 
Spanish grammar in review / 
MCSE : designing a Windows 2000 directory services infrastructure / 
Transition planning for secondary students with disabilities / 
Prentice Hall health Q & A review for home care aide / 
Premiere to go / 
BizTalk : implementing business-to-business e-commerce / 
Simplified Cobol / 
OpenView network node manager : designing and implementing an enterprise solution / 
Anthropology : a global perspective / 
Global city-regions : trends, theory, policy / 
The cactus family / 
Afghanistan's endless war : state failure, regional politics, and the rise of the Taliban / 
Wings of power : Boeing and the politics of growth in the Northwest / 
Hanoi, biography of a city / 
Susan Point : Coast Salish artist / 
Beauty : the twentieth century / 
Tres caminos hacia el sur / 
Messiah : my testimony to Rev. Sun Myung Moon / 
Religion and the development of the American penal system / 
Transatlantic studies / 
Luke / 
Shadowfires / 
The servants of twilight / 
Heart of fire / 
A lady of the West / 
After the night / 
The touch of fire / 
Highland heritage : Scottish Americans in the American South / 
Long gray lines : the Southern military school tradition, 1839-1915 / 
The legalist reformation : law, politics, and ideology in New York, 1920-1980 / 
The American encounter with Buddhism, 1844-1912 : Victorian culture & the limits of dissent 
Reflections on Baroque / 
On Niebuhr : a theological study / 
Common prayer : the language of public devotion in early modern England / 
The genesis of values / 
Taking care after 50 : a self-care guide for seniors / 
Who cooked the Last Supper? : the women's history of the world / 
The boyfriend test : how to evaluate his potential before you lose your heart / 
Body, mind, and sport : the mind-body guide to lifelong health, fitness, and your personal best / 
The mother's guide to sex : enjoying your sexuality through all stages of motherhood / 
The Philadelphia Navy Yard : from the birth of the U.S. Navy to the nuclear age / 
Las siete partidas / 
Map it out : visual tools for thinking, organizing, and communicating / 
New roles and relevance : development NGOs and the challenge of change / 
Choosing an identity : a general model of preference and belief formation / 
What's worth knowing / 
Beyond contractual morality : ethics, law, and literature in eighteenth-century France / 
Cooking when no one is looking : cuisine at the cutting edge / 
Thoracic radiology for the small animal practitioner / 
An illustrated history of the Civil War : images of an American tragedy / 
The digital decade-- the 90s / 
War in the Pacific from the fall of Singapore to Japanese surrender / 
Colors of Africa / 
Women and the study of Torah : essays from the pages of Tradition / 
Achieving against the odds : how academics become teachers of diverse students / 
Youth at work : the unionized fast-food and grocery workplace / 
The four elements of financial alchemy : a new formula for personal prosperity / 
Café Max & Rosie's : vegetarian cooking with health and spirit / 
Rewrite right! : your guide to perfectly polished prose / 
Houses far from home : British colonial space in the New Hebrides / 
The salt merchants of Tianjin : state-making and civil society in late Imperial China / 
A history of Malaysia / 
Fragments of the present : searching for modernity in Vietnam's south / 
From Kona to Yenan : the political memoirs of Koji Ariyoshi / 
Lynelle by the sea : a novel / 
A house divided / 
Distant memory / 
Lawrence Sander's McNally's folly : an Archy McNally novel / 
The words of medicine : sources, meanings, and delights / 
Physical education reconceptualized : persons, movement, knowledge / 
Art in the encounter of nations : Japanese and American artists in the early postwar years / 
God save the Sweet Potato Queens / 
Stepmotherhood : how to survive without feeling frustrated, left out, or wicked / 
Silly salamanders and other slightly stupid stuff for readers theatre / 
Novel ideas for young readers! : projects and activities / 
Fight against fear : southern Jews and Black civil rights / 
Thinking through translation / 
Grassroots Zen / 
The complete Japanese adjective guide / 
How to haiku : a writer's guide to haiku and related forms / 
Sarah Winnemucca / 
Writing Jude : the reader, the text, and the author in constructs of power and desire / 
The baby on the car roof and 222 more urban legends / 
The Blackwell companion to sociology of religion / 
War crimes and collective wrongdoing : a reader / 
The medieval theologians / 
Pragmatics : an introduction / 
Thinking philosophically : an introduction to critical reflection and rational dialogue / 
American sexual histories / 
The Blackwell handbook of principles of organizational behavior / 
Media and cultural studies : keyworks / 
Continental aesthetics : romanticism to postmodernism : an anthology / 
To the sea : sagas of survival and tales of epic challenge on the seven seas / 
The synoptic problem in rabbinic literature / 
Phylogeny of the Neogene hominoid primates of Eurasia / 
A clinical guide to sleep disorders in children and adolescents / 
Neurology for the speech-language pathologist / 
Computational neuroscience : realistic modeling for experimentalists / 
The eye in clinical practice / 
Vascular manifestations of systemic autoimmune diseases / 
Awareness during anesthesia / 
Musculoskeletal fatigue and stress fractures / 
The next common sense. The E-manager's guide to mastering complexity / 
Cultural diversity in the United States : a critical reader / 
Speaking with bold assurance : how to become a persuasive communicator / 
The entrepreneurs : explorations within the American business tradition / 
Going on being : Buddhism and the way of change : a positive psychology for the West / 
An introduction to the invertebrates / 
Groups : process and practice / 
Silence and shadows / 
The long trail home : a novel / 
Obsession : a novel / 
The widow's kiss / 
Folly / 
A sailor returns / 
Ricky Ricotta's giant robot vs. the voodoo vultures from Venus : the third robot adventure novel / 
A storm of swords / 
The Sports afield treasury of fly-fishing / 
Die Assumptio Mosis : Studien zur Rezeption massgültiger Überlieferung / 
Islam, democracy and religious modernism in Iran,  1953-2000 : from Bāzargān to Soroush / 
Little white lies : a novel / 
Open all night : new poems / 
The dark remains / 
Trails of a wilderness wanderer / 
On Rue Tatin : living and cooking in a French town / 
The body in the vestibule / 
Evan and Elle / 
Fundamental directions in mathematical fluid mechanics / 
Parasitic nematodes : molecular biology, biochemistry, and immunology / 
Mathematics and computer science : algorithms, trees, combinatorics, and probabilities / 
Logic and structured design for computer programmers / 
Le Corbusier, Paris-Chandigarh / 
La terra fortunata : the splendid food and wine of Friuli-Venezia Giulia / 
No-hitter / 
Women in a changing world, 1945-2000 / 
Issues in social policy : 
Bumping into God again : 35 more stories of finding grace in unexpected places / 
The gnostic religion : the message of the alien God & the beginnings of Christianity / 
Psychopathology : a competency-based assessment model for social workers / 
Orvis fly-tying manual / 
Casualties / 
Pass key to the TOEFL / 
How to prepare for the TOEFL test : test of English as a foreign language / 
The Rosa stories / 
Pet wash / 
The technician's radio receiver handbook : wireless and telecommunication technology / 
The God of the pastor : the spirituality of Roman Catholic pastors in the Netherlands / 
The stability and shelf life of food / 
Secondary steelmaking : principles and applications / 
Semi-Markov processes and reliability / 
Modern sampling theory : mathematics and applications / 
Control systems theory with engineering applications / 
Visualization of receptors in situ : applications of radioligand binding / 
When I have a little girl ; When I have a little boy / 
Microbial food contamination / 
Hemingway on fishing / 
Finite mathematics / 
Manuscripts in the Laudian Collection, Bodleian Library, Oxford / 
Foreign language program articulation : current practice and future prospects / 
The Pearl of the Antilles / 
Principles of solid mechanics / 
Algebra and trigonometry with analytic geometry / 
The quotable cook / 
The ocean engineering handbook / 
Upland days : fifty years of bird hunting in New England / 
Divine threads within a human tapestry : 
The thyroid sourcebook : everything you need to know / 
Spirituality @ work : 10 ways to balance your life on-the-job / 
Culture, creation, and procreation : concepts of kinship in South Asian practice / 
Israel and the daughters of the Shoah : reoccupying the territories of silence / 
Management of low back pain in primary care / 
Clinical management of infections in immunocompromised infants and children / 
Practical aspects of ophthalmic optics / 
Challenges in acute coronary syndromes / 
The Bang-Bang Club : snapshots from a hidden war / 
Healing plants of peninsular India / 
The three Roosevelts : patrician leaders who transformed America / 
Greek philosophers in the Arabic tradition / 
Police and community : concepts and cases / 
Using literature activities to teach content areas to emergent readers / 
The secret stream : Christian Rosenkreutz and Rosicrucianism : selected lectures and writings / 
C by dissection : the essentials of C programming / 
E-business and IS solutions : an architectural approach to business problems and opportunities / 
Prosody, theory and experiment : studies presented to Gösta Bruce / 
Ben Jonson's plays and masques : 
Felt : poems / 
Legal and ethical concerns in treating kidney failure : case study workbook / 
Moderate alcohol consumption and cardiovascular disease / 
Fundamental approaches to the management of cardiac arrhythmias / 
Metaphor and analogy in the sciences / 
Schopenhauer's broken world-view : colours and ethics between Kant and Goethe / 
Events and plurality : the Jerusalem lectures / 
The scarlet professor : Newton Arvin, a literary life shattered by scandal / 
The marrow of tradition / 
Sport in society : issues & controversies / 
The social organization of the modern prison / 
The superstock investor : profiting from Wall Street's best undervalued companies / 
How to think like Benjamin Graham and invest like Warren Buffett / 
How to think like the world's greatest marketing minds / 
Intellectual dissidents in China / 
Practical parenting / 
Motor learning : concepts and applications / 
Liturgy for living / 
Meditations for church school teachers / 
Environmentalism unbound : exploring new pathways for change / 
New directions in the theory and research of serious leisure / 
The geography of war in the post Cold War world / 
The United States and Australia in Vietnam, 1954-1968 : silent partners / 
Soil testing manual : procedures, classification data, and sampling practices / 
Atlas of radiologic measurement / 
Obstetrics and gynecology : principles for practice / 
Handbook of online marketing research / 
Koinonia : spiritual and theological growth of the religious community / 
The way of friendship : selected spiritual writings / 
John Muir : nature's visionary / 
Following Isabella / 
Feathers at Las Flores / 
Bastet / 
Synchronicity and intellectual intuition in Kant, Swedenborg, and Jung / 
Will there be promises = Les oublies / 
Approaches to teaching Balzac's Old Goriot / 
Foucault's antihumanist historiography / 
A critical analysis of the rhetoric of child sexual abuse / 
Anatomy of genocide : state-sponsored mass-killings in the twentieth century / 
Life à la Henri : being the memories of Henri Charpentier / 
The metabolic & molecular bases of inherited disease / 
Photographing Montana, 1894-1928 : the life and work of Evelyn Cameron / 
The station of no station : open secrets of the Sufis / 
Safety auditing made easy : a checklist approach to program management / 
Law-making in the People's Republic of China / 
Industrial design rights : an international perspective / 
The settlement of foreign investment disputes / 
Public enterprise revisited : a closer look at the 1954-79 UK labour productivity record / 
Options markets / 
Product creation : the heart of the enterprise : from engineering to e-commerce / 
Dim Sum, bagels, and grits : a sourcebook for multicultural families / 
Globalization and the environment : risk assessment and the WTO / 
Taxation, welfare, and the crisis of unemployment in Europe / 
Setting performance standards : concepts, methods, and perspectives / 
Covering home : lessons on the art of fathering from the game of baseball / 
A mighty change : an anthology of deaf American writing, 1816-1864 / 
For Rabbit, with love and squalor : an American read / 
Memory and suggestibility in the forensic interview / 
John Clare's guide to media handling / 
Aging, communication, and health : linking research and practice for successful aging / 
Critical English for academic purposes : theory, politics, and practice / 
Statistics : concepts and controversies / 
Emerging cognitive abilities in early infancy / 
Knowledge and innovation in the new service economy / 
Glencoe medical insurance / 
Professional business writing / 
Elsevier's dictionary of computer graphics in English, German, French, and Russian / 
New Catholic encyclopedia : 
Operating rotodynamic pumps away from design conditions / 
Practical handbook of marine science / 
Vegetarian Turkish cooking : over 100 of Turkey's classic recipes for the vegetarian cook / 
Process for system architecture and requirements engineering / 
The last buffalo hunter : a novel / 
Some folk think the South Pole's hot : The Three Tenors play the Antartic / 
The encyclopedia of science fiction movies / 
Rich and famous in Starvation Lake / 
Cat hat / 
It's not Marsha's birthday / 
Amazon fever / 
The abacus of years : poems / 
The wisdom of Oz : reflections of a Jungian sandplay therapist / 
Trances, dances, and vociferations : agency and resistance in Africana women's narratives / 
It's all your fault : how to make it as a Hollywood assistant / 
Shylock's daughter / 
The Gale encyclopedia of alternative medicine / 
The politics of globalization in the United States / 
The limits of policy change : incrementalism, worldview, and the rule of law / 
Who count as persons? : human identity and the ethics of killing / 
Fenced off : the suburbanization of American politics / 
Competition policy, domestic and international / 
Roman Catholicism after Vatican II / 
The environment, international relations, and U.S. foreign policy / 
Law and bioethics : an introduction / 
Third sector management : the art of managing nonprofit organizations / 
Taking aim : target populations and the wars on AIDS and drugs / 
Medicine and the ethics of care / 
Whistling girl / 
Murder among children : [a Mitchell Tobin mystery] / 
Oddments : a short story collection / 
The rich die young / 
The Juan Doe murders : a Smokey Brandon mystery / 
The abolition of Britain : from Winston Churchill to Princess Diana / 
A comprehensive catalogue of the correspondence and papers of James Monroe / 
John Tyler : a bibliography / 
Witold Lutosławski : a bio-bibliography / 
Pietro Mascagni : a bio-bibliography / 
Burma, the state of Myanmar / 
Down the long night / 
Edgar Allan Poe, A to Z : the essential reference to his life and work / 
Writing the body in D.H. Lawrence : essays on language, representation, and sexuality / 
Shakespeare and the classical tradition : an annotated bibliography, 1961-1991 / 
Journey of the third seed / 
Fire : poems / 
Encyclopedia of Russian women's movements / 
A Langston Hughes encyclopedia / 
My father's world / 
Beyond valor : World War II's Ranger and Airborne veterans reveal the heart of combat / 
The cat and the jack of spades / 
Silencing, heterochromatin, and DNA double strand break repair / 
Transient stability of power systems : a unified approach to assessment and control / 
Contemporary issues in accounting regulation / 
Plastics design handbook / 
Biochemistry and genetics of recq-helicases / 
Introduction to nutrition and health research / 
Formal methods for distributed system development : October 10-13, 2000, Pisa, Italy / 
Psychology : the brain, the person, the world / 
Behavioral management guide : essential treatment strategies for adult psychotherapy / 
How to have fun without getting into trouble / 
Controversies on countertransference / 
Sex, drugs, and violence in the Jewish tradition : moral perspectives / 
147 practical tips for teaching online groups : essentials of Web-based education / 
Health care dispute resolution manual : techniques for avoiding litigation / 
Psychiatric neuroimaging research : contemporary strategies / 
The West Antarctic ice sheet : behavior and environment / 
The gerontologist as an administrator / 
The role of the pipe-water interface in DBP formation and disinfectant loss / 
Sex hormone replacement therapy / 
Controlling radiated emissions by design / 
Tracer kinetics in biomedical research : from data to model / 
Application of surrogate measures to improve treatment plant performance / 
Bose-Einstein condensates and atom lasers / 
Fundamentals of international business transactions : documents / 
Gun rights affirmed : the Emerson case / 
Deformation microstructures and mechanisms in minerals and rocks / 
Entomopathogenic bacteria : from laboratory to field application / 
Massive WDM and TDM soliton transmission systems : a ROSC symposium / 
Legal evolution and political authority in Indonesia : selected essays / 
Electron spectroscopies applied to low-dimensional structures / 
Chemistry and radiation changes in the ozone layer / 
Nuclear and radiation chemical approaches to fullerene science / 
Between form and event : Machiavelli's theory of political freedom / 
Precalculus with limits / 
Internal operations audit manual for health care facilities / 
MRI of the brain / 
Narratives of violence / 
Introduction to early childhood education : preschool through primary grades / 
A CPA's guide to restaurant management strategies : accounting, cost controls, and analysis / 
English grammar in context / 
Therapeutic recreation : an introduction / 
The journey from here / 
Media literacy : keys to interpreting media messages / 
Isonzo : the forgotten sacrifice of the Great War / 
Nation states as schizophrenics : Germany and Japan as post-Cold War actors / 
The history of human populations / 
Keys to success : how to achieve your goals / 
Evolution of metabolic pathways / 
Poetry as prayer : Denise Levertov / 
Offside : soccer and American exceptionalism / 
PCT, spin and statistics, and all that / 
Mobilizing the information society : strategies for growth and opportunity / 
Communities and markets in economic development / 
Long time gone : sixties America then and now / 
1st to die : a novel / 
Prentice Hall health outline review for the medical assistant / 
Landscapes of the soul : the loss of moral meaning in American life / 
NATO after 2000 : the future of the Euro-Atlantic Alliance / 
Nazi refugee turned Gestapo spy : the life of Hans Wesemann, 1895-1971 / 
Commanding change : war winning military strategies for organizational change / 
German incertitudes, 1914-1945 : the stones and the cathedral / 
Have you been to the beach lately? : 
Introduction to Mathcad 2000 / 
The sea, the sea / 
Poderes terrenales / 
Fuego angelical / 
The sunshine state cookbook / 
Bonne continuation : approfondissement à l'écrit et à l'oral / 
A fairly honourable defeat / 
Exotic foods : a kitchen and garden guide / 
Your bearded dragon's life : your complete guide to caring for your pet at every stage of life / 
Your iguana's life : your complete guide to caring for your pet at every stage of life / 
Leadership begins with you : 3 rules to transform your job into a career / 
The game of life : college sports and educational values / 
Dry bones rattling : community building to revitalize American democracy / 
The birds of northern Melanesia : speciation, ecology & biogeography / 
Calorimetry : energy measurement in particle physics / 
Gerontological nursing / 
The triumph of sociobiology / 
Virtue epistemology : essays on epistemic virtue and responsibility / 
Unknown London : early modernist visions of the metropolis, 1815-45 / 
The GIS book / 
Virtue in the cave : moral inquiry in Plato's Meno / 
Songs of ecstasy : Tantric and devotional songs from Colonial Bengal / 
Fire in the crucible : understanding the process of creative genius / 
Student friendly statistics / 
Test system design : a systematic approach / 
Native nations : cultures and histories of Native North America / 
Training in management skills / 
Deforestation, environment, and sustainable development : a comparative analysis / 
To run a school : administrative organization and learning / 
Catholic roots and democratic flowers : political systems in Spain and Portugal / 
A president in the family : Thomas Jefferson, Sally Hemings, and Thomas Woodson / 
Despite nationalist conflicts : theory and practice of maintaining world peace / 
Cooking the books : mythologies of money / 
Assessment and treatment of chemical dependency / 
Essential statistics for the social and behavioral sciences : a conceptual approach / 
Preserving privilege : California politics, propositions, and people of color / 
The Jacob ladder / 
The dragon's son / 
Intellectual property rights : national systems and harmonisation in Europe / 
Learn to play bridge in 9 minutes / 
Big purple mommy : nurturing our creative careers, our children, and our selves / 
A musical life : writings and letters / 
Communion ecclesiology : vision and versions / 
Lose your love handles : a 3-step program to streamline your waist in 30 days / 
Chances of a lifetime / 
Rehabilitation of sports injuries : current concepts / 
The nasal cavity and paranasal sinuses / 
Fundamentals of hand and wrist imaging / 
Plants in the deserts of the Middle East / 
Thermodynamics of fluids under flow / 
Regional competition / 
Globalization, institutions, and social cohesion / 
Journeyman in Jerusalem : memories and letters, 1933-1947 / 
Between Budapest and Jerusalem : the Patai letters, 1933-1938 / 
Apprentice in Budapest : memories of a world that is no more / 
Underground Railroad in Pennsylvania / 
Whitewater rafting / 
Around the world on a bicycle / 
Pop fleyes : Bob Popovics's approach to saltwater fly design / 
Climbing your best : training to maximize your performance / 
The obedience of faith, the eschatological people of God, and the purpose of Romans / 
MEMS and MOEMS technology and applications / 
Historical dictionary of Mormonism / 
Crate training your dog / 
Hair cells : micromechanics and hearing / 
Palestine, 1948 : war, escape and the emergence of the Palestinian refugee problem / 
Language and deafness / 
Lies across America : what our historic sites get wrong / 
A parent's guide to 3rd grade : how to ensure your child's success / 
Italy : the enduring culture / 
Dismembering the state : the death of Yugoslavia and why it matters / 
Friends of the family : a novel / 
Police sergeant exam : 
The Montaukett Indians of Eastern Long Island / 
The St. Louis Cardinals : the story of a great baseball club / 
Seeking Mahādevī : constructing the indentities of the Hindu Great Goddess / 
The rainbow beneath my feet : a mushroom dyer's field guide / 
D.H. Lawrence : fifty years on film / 
The ups and downs of living alone in later life : a new look at life / 
Breaking your cat's bad habits / 
The Celtic ring / 
The sonnets : a novel / 
Concise dictionary of scientific biography / 
Nitrogen assimilation by plants : physiological, biochemical and molecular aspects / 
As Hogan said-- : the 389 best things anyone said about how to play golf / 
Energy and environment : technological challenges for the future / 
The founder of Opus Dei : the life of Josemaría Escrivá / 
Clinical pediatric neurology : a signs and symptoms approach / 
Globalization from below : the power of solidarity / 
The blessing of a skinned knee : using Jewish teachings to raise self-reliant children / 
The terror of our days : four American poets respond to the Holocaust / 
Storey's guide to raising poultry / 
Wings for an embattled China / 
Meet Tonka Joe / 
Saving the world : Chen Hongmou and elite consciousness in eighteenth-century China / 
The gatekeeper : my thirty years as a TV censor / 
Screw-jack / 
Disaster management and preparedness / 
Flu therapy : a natural and herbal approach / 
Model reduction for control system design / 
Deep-space probes / 
Software specification methods : an overview using a case study / 
Blue yonder tales for the young at heart / 
Karlmarx.com : a love story / 
Texts in transition : the Greek Life of Adam and Eve / 
Cost accounting : traditions and innovations / 
The Chicago Cubs / 
On biocultural diversity : linking language, knowledge, and the environment / 
Lundberg approximations for compound distributions with insurance applications / 
A guidebook for integrated ecological assessments / 
Applying ecological principles to land management / 
Numerical methods for stochastic control problems in continuous time / 
Spatial uncertainty in ecology : implications for remote sensing and GIS applications / 
The dream of reality : Heinz von Foerster's constructivism / 
Radio receiver design / 
Keenan : the high times and misadventures of hockey's most controversial coach / 
Be not afraid : a novel / 
Undercurrents : a novel / 
Management accounting : analysis and interpretation / 
Financial statement analysis and security valuation / 
Principles of macroeconomics / 
Principles of economics / 
Financial statement analysis / 
Speaking of Jane Roberts : remembering the author of the Seth material / 
The christological and rhetorical properties of 1 Peter / 
Murach's structured COBOL : training & reference / 
Flynt-Cooter reading inventory for the classroom / 
Governance, decentralization, and reform in China, India, and Russia / 
On the teaching of linear algebra / 
Textbook of family medicine companion handbook / 
Common longing : The Teresa poems and A canticle for Mary and Martha / 
Perfection salad : women and cooking at the turn of the century / 
The prevention and treatment of pressure ulcers / 
Down by the riverside : readings in African American religion / 
White-jacket, or, The world in a man-of-war / 
The best wedding shower book : a complete guide for party planners / 
Making the case for your library : a how-to-do-it manual / 
Becoming best friends with your iguana, snake, or turtle / 
Scare tactics : arguments that appeal to fear and threats / 
Neurobiological mechanisms of drugs of abuse : cocaine, ibogaine, and substituted amphetamines / 
Prevention and treatment of HIV infection in infants and children / 
Represent yourself in court : how to prepare and try a winning case / 
Gendered fictions / 
The rector of Justin / 
The National Geographic traveler. Los Angeles / 
Cold beer and crocodiles : a bicycle journey into Australia / 
The National Geographic traveler. Costa Rica / 
Great exploration hoaxes / 
Behold, this dreamer / 
It's not business, it's personal : the 9 relationship principles that power your career / 
Living with the King of Kings in-- grace land / 
Secrets from a caterer's kitchen / 
Proteoglycan protocols / 
The official guide to America's state quarters / 
Several deceptions / 
My life on a plate / 
Cowboy lingo / 
A life in the twentieth century / 
Chocolate on the brain : foolproof recipes for unrepentant chocoholics / 
The boys at twilight : poems, 1990-1995 / 
Clear light of day / 
Time's fool : a tale in verse / 
Arresting God in Kathmandu / 
Constantine's sword : the church and the Jews : a history / 
A man's garden / 
Becoming Walāta : a history of Saharan social formation and transformation / 
Alex La Guma : politics and resistance / 
ishop, you shop : raising questions about reading commodities / 
Antibiotic resistance : methods and protocols / 
Living Values activities for children ages 3-7 / 
Slave patrols : law and violence in Virginia and the Carolinas / 
Express yourself with pastel / 
Practical governance / 
Lesbian self-writing : the embodiment of experience / 
Mastering Kempo / 
Understanding healthcare financial management / 
Changing materials / 
Materials technology / 
Separating materials / 
States of matter / 
XML in plain English / 
XHTML in plain English / 
The strange egg / 
Racing the past / 
Good night, Maman / 
Wait! No paint! / 
The Reluctant flower girl / 
Childhood sexuality : normal sexual behavior and development / 
Tanaka : the making of postwar Japan / 
The fall of the GDR : Germany's road to unity / 
The winter road : prose poems / 
Prodigal summer : a novel / 
A handspindle treasury : 20 years of spinning wisdom from Spin-off magazine / 
Sun dancing : a spiritual journey on the Red Road / 
Evangelism outside the box : new ways to help people experience the Good News / 
Exploring literature : writing and thinking about fiction, poetry, drama, and the essay / 
Seeing the unseen : preparing yourself for spiritual warfare / 
An apple a day : a heartwarming collection of true horse stories / 
Intelligent signal processing / 
Killing for conservation : wildlife policy in Zimbabwe / 
Street rodder's chassis & suspension handbook / 
Religion and popular culture : studies on the interaction of worldviews / 
Proof of performance portfolio / 
Problems and perspectives : studies in the modern French language / 
Driving over lemons : an optimist in Andalucía / 
The love pirate / 
Mrs. Jeffries questions the answer / 
Cat's cradle / 
God is in the small stuff for your family / 
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment / 
Stuart hides out / 
Around the house : reflections on life under a roof / 
The social lives of dogs : the grace of canine company / 
Nakoa's woman / 
Like gold refined / 
Florence Nightingale / 
Classroom diversity : connecting curriculum to students' lives / 
Dogs and demons : tales from the dark side of Japan / 
Learner contributions to language learning : new directions in research / 
Bodies and souls : politics and the professionalization of nursing in France, 1880-1922 / 
Characterization of radiation-damage by transmission electron microscopy / 
The bridge at Québec / 
Trajan : optimus princeps / 
Scholem, Arendt, Klemperer : intimate chronicles in turbulent times / 
Pastiche : cultural memory in art, film, literature / 
Gender and Boyle's law of gases / 
How a film theory got lost and other mysteries in cultural studies / 
The collected stories of Richard Yates / 
Swimming with hammerhead sharks  / 
Slap, squeak, & scatter : how animals communicate / 
Seeing God's heart when you hurt / 
Someone to belong to / 
Mom matters / 
The secrets of Nostradamus : a radical new interpretation of the master's prophecies / 
Kissing the virgin's mouth / 
Butterflies in the garden / 
Seasons : a book of poems / 
Living Values activities for young adults / 
Living values activities for children ages 8-14 / 
Beauty, brains, and brawn ; the construction of gender in children's literature / 
The ice master : the doomed 1913 voyage of the Karluk / 
Hargrave's communications dictionary / 
Drugs and the older population / 
Italian-English English-Italian : dictionary and phrasebook / 
Understanding Thomas Jefferson / 
Veterinary emergency medicine secrets / 
The new American democracy / 
A classroom of teenaged readers : nurturing reading processes in senior high English / 
My life in Stalinist Russia : an American woman looks back / 
Pursuit of the mountain man / 
Me talk pretty one day / 
66 laps : a novel / 
Proud quail of the San Joaquin / 
Law man / 
Bridesmaids revisited / 
Long way to Texas / 
Close encounters / 
Middle East patterns : places, peoples, and politics / 
Latin American politics and development / 
More than a movie : ethics in entertainment / 
Scraps of the untainted sky : science fiction, utopia, dystopia / 
Masses, classes and the public sphere / 
Warriors and scribes : essays on the history and politics of Latin America / 
Simplify your work life : ways to change the way you work so you have more time to live / 
Practical meditation : spiritual yoga for the mind / 
A history of Britain / 
Kindling the Celtic spirit : ancient traditions to illumine your life throughout the seasons / 
Did somebody say totalitarianism? / 
The dieter's prayer book : spiritual power and daily encouragement / 
The soul of Latin America : the cultural and political tradition / 
Grammars of creation : originating in the Gifford Lectures for 1990 / 
The house of sight and shadow : a novel / 
Ladies of soul / 
The Five Scrolls / 
The immortal class : bike messengers and the cult of human power / 
The beer lover's rating guide / 
Logos and civilization : spirit, history, and order in the writings of Baháʾuʾlláh / 
Angel on my shoulder : an autobiography / 
Learn to diagram with Visio 2000 / 
Life on fire : radical disciplines for ordinary living / 
The sociology of health and illness : critical perspectives / 
The dying ground : a hip-hop noir novel / 
The doorbell rang / 
Running tough / 
Forces of habit : drugs and the making of the modern world / 
Bounce : an original screenplay / 
The king is dead : [an Ellery Queen mystery] / 
The young nurses / 
The trail drive / 
Manual de fármacos utilizados en el tratamiento del dolor crónico / 
American abolitionists / 
Nehru / 
Lenin / 
Kennedy / 
Peter the Great / 
Mao / 
A preface to D.H. Lawrence / 
A preface to Joyce / 
Gorbachev / 
Churchill / 
Hitler / 
Richelieu / 
Franco / 
Robespierre / 
Elizabeth I / 
Castro / 
A preface to the Brontës / 
A preface to Austen / 
Red Hat Linux 7 weekend crash course / 
Laser-aided diagnostics of plasmas and gases / 
The fourth century = Le quatrième siècle / 
Chapel of light : Jewish ceremonial art in the Sophie & Nathan Gumenick Chapel / 
Haunted lakes II : more Great Lakes ghost stories / 
The last cheater's waltz : beauty and violence in the desert Southwest / 
Dream plants for the natural garden / 
Roast beef, medium : the business adventures of Emma McChesney / 
Negotiating boundaries of southern womanhood : dealing with the powers that be / 
In the craftsman style : 
Candles / 
Two scarlet songbirds : a story of Anton Dvor̆ák / 
Seeing God : ten life-changing lessons of the Kabbalah / 
Lourdes Portillo : The devil never sleeps and other films / 
The path to a modern South : northeast Texas between Reconstruction and the Great Depression / 
The ancient mounds of Poverty Point : place of rings / 
Bernard Shaw and the French / 
Voices and values in Joyce's Ulysses / 
Spacefaring : the human dimension / 
Operators and promoters : the story of molecular biology and its creators / 
Aesthetic dentistry / 
Teaching atlas of mammography / 
The healing cookbook : 
Savoring Mexico : recipes and reflections on Mexican cooking / 
What's next? : problems & prospects of journalism / 
Contrast : an investigator's basic reference guide to fingerprint identification concepts / 
The notion of intercultural understanding in the context of German as a foreign language / 
The small shop / 
Handbook of flow visualization / 
Navigating failure : bankruptcy and commercial society in Antebellum America / 
Raven Mocker : a novel / 
Down home Missouri : when girls were scary and basketball was king / 
Baseball history from outside the lines : a reader / 
International law and public health : material on and analysis of global health jurisprudence / 
Too rich and too thin : a Bomber Hanson mystery / 
Villard : the life and times of an American titan / 
No better hope : what the Lincoln Memorial means to America / 
Dooble tongue : Scots, Burns, contradiction / 
Good and evil after Auschwitz : ethical implications for today / 
Fly Rod Crosby : the woman who marketed Maine / 
What would Shakespeare do? : personal advice from the bard / 
Cuban communism / 
Skepticism and humanism : the new paradigm / 
The contested legacy of Ayn Rand : truth and toleration in objectivism / 
Fixed : how goodfellas bought Boston College basketball / 
Traffic accident investigators' lamp analysis manual / 
The looking-glass garden : plants and gardens of the Southern Hemisphere / 
Let no guilty man escape : a judicial biography of "Hanging Judge" Isaac C. Parker / 
Born to be a cowgirl : a spirited ride through the old West / 
Science of synthesis : 
Management of strabismus and amblyopia : a practical guide / 
Sweet delights / 
Heaven in a chip : fuzzy visions of society and science in the digital age / 
Soul harvest : the world takes sides / 
Over sea, under stone / 
Shattered / 
The pirate / 
Assassins : assignment-Jerusalem, target-Antichrist / 
Apollyon : the destroyer is unleased / 
The indwelling : the beast takes possession / 
The Dark is rising / 
Greenwitch / 
The Sibling Society : papers presented at the Robert Bly Colloquium / 
Holocaust denial : demographics, testimonies, and ideologies / 
The grey king / 
Faces : the changing look of humankind / 
The other perennial philosophy : a metaphysical dialectic / 
Children and the World Wide Web : tool or trap? / 
Passions and convictions in matters political : explorations in moral psychology / 
Representative chapters in ancient history : an introduction to the West's classical experience / 
American ethics : a source book from Edwards to Dewey / 
Grave undertakings / 
Buried evidence / 
Queenmaker : a novel of King David's queen / 
Irish whiskey : a Nuala Anne McGrail novel / 
Rebirth of the Blackfeet Nation, 1912-1954 / 
Quilting lessons : notes from the scrap bag of a writer and quilter / 
Flowers in the snow : the life of Isobel Wylie Hutchison / 
Strangers to relatives : the adoption and naming of anthropologists in Native North America / 
Silver Horn : master illustrator of the Kiowas / 
North American box turtles : a natural history / 
America's national scenic trails / 
The politics of embodiment : habits, power, and Pierre Bourdieu's theory / 
An early Florida adventure story / 
Chivalric fiction and the history of the novel / 
Toward a modern Chinese Buddhism : Taixu's reforms / 
Family lineage organization and social change in Ming and Qing Fujian / 
Looking for Carrascolendas : from a child's world to award-winning television / 
ReMembering Cuba : legacy of a diaspora / 
Ancient Egyptian literature : an anthology / 
Storm season / 
Saintly lessons and divine concepts for business / 
Hurst's The heart / 
Wilderness medicine / 
Principles of microeconomics / 
A comprehensive companion to Hemingway's A Moveable Feast : annotation to interpretation / 
Active experiences for active children : literacy emerges / 
Sir Gawain and the Green Knight ; Patience ; and Pearl : verse translations / 
International economics / 
Welsh phonetics / 
The literary career of proletarian novelist and New Yorker short story writer Edward Newhouse / 
Mathematics assessment : cases and discussion questions for grades 6-12 / 
Business statistics in practice / 
The properties of gases and liquids / 
An anthropological perspective on prostitution : the world's oldest profession / 
Optical detectors for astronomy II : state-of-the-art at the turn of the millennium / 
The people's lawyer : the colorful life and times of Julian L. McPhillips, Jr. / 
Optimality-theoretic syntax / 
Floral abundance : appliqué designs inspired by William Morris / 
New York / 
Skin disease : diagnosis and treatment / 
From cognitive semantics to lexical pragmatics : the functional polysemy of discourse particles / 
English abstract nouns as conceptual shells : from corpus to cognition / 
Christian crafts for Christmastime / 
Shots in the dark : the wayward search for an AIDS vaccine / 
Renters' rights : the basics / 
The seagull reader. Poems / 
The seagull reader. Stories / 
The fruit of the tree / 
How to probate an estate in California / 
Pediatric spine surgery / 
Armenian Van/Vaspurakan / 
Ken Hale : a life in language / 
Cross-cultural case study / 
Salvation : Black people and love / 
True blue : the dramatic history of the Los Angeles Dodgers, told by the men who lived it / 
Studies in the philosophy of creation : with especial reference to Bergson and Whitehead / 
The letters of Saint Paul of the Cross / 
Discovering the limits of European integration : applying grounded theory / 
Entrepreneurial management and public policy / 
Cultural landscape bibliography : resources in the National Park System / 
African-American culture and history : a student's guide / 
Adolescent pregnancy / 
Ace the corporate personality test / 
MCSE Microsoft Windows 2000 server readiness review : exam 70-215 / 
MCSE Microsoft Windows 2000 network infrastructure readiness review : exam 70-216 / 
The literature of Provence : an introduction / 
Being a great mom, raising great kids / 
Dairy freestall housing and equipment / 
Death of a dustman / 
Clotel, or, The president's daughter / 
Jane Eyre / 
Analyzing congress / 
Analysis of biological development / 
Leadership skills for managers / 
Preterm labor : prevention and nursing management / 
Radiology for dental auxiliaries / 
Rules of the trade : indispensable insights for online profits / 
[Nachalo] / 
Apollo by the numbers : a statistical reference / 
The war against the New Deal : World War II and American democracy / 
God at 2000 / 
101 ways to reach your community / 
Crafting superior environmental enforcement solutions / 
Food and you : a guide to healthy habits for teens / 
Evolutionary biology of host-parasite relationships : theory meets reality / 
Emotions : current issues and future directions / 
The idol and distance : five studies / 
Exploring the limits of personnel selection and classification / 
A dresser of sycamore trees : the finding of a ministry / 
Perspectives on organizational communication : finding common ground / 
Selling the free market : the rhetoric of economic correctness / 
The supervisory relationship : a contemporary psychodynamic approach / 
From Watergate to Monicagate  : ten controversies in modern journalism and media / 
Ideology and utopia in the social philosophy of the  libertarian economists / 
Smarter growth : market-based strategies for land-use planning in the 21st century / 
The later security confederations : the American, "new" Swiss, and German unions / 
The autonomy of the political : Carl Schmitt's and Lenin's political realism / 
Applying the Rasch model : fundamental measurement in the human sciences / 
Special education in the 21st century : issues of inclusion and reform / 
Film it with music : an encyclopedic guide to the American movie musical / 
The fragile alliance : an orientation to psychotherapy of the adolescent / 
Psychiatric medications for older adults : the concise guide / 
The impact of geology on the United States : a reference guide to benefits and hazards / 
Controversies in the practice of medicine / 
Deglacial history and relative sea-level changes, northern New England and adjacent Canada / 
George Tice : 
How to attract the wombat / 
The field and forest handy book : new ideas for out of doors / 
Post exposure : advanced techniques for the photographic printer / 
The uncertain alliance : the U.S. and Israel from Kennedy to the peace process / 
The history of Turkey / 
Daily life in colonial New England / 
Victorian writers and the image of empire : the rose-colored vision / 
A guide to apocalyptic cinema / 
Still life : a novel / 
A door of hope / 
Too many tomcats and other feline tales of suspense / 
Death of a river guide / 
Raising the shades / 
The superior person's third book of well-bred words / 
Readings on The stranger / 
The presence of the past : memory, heritage, and childhood in postwar Britain / 
Pocahontas : an American princess / 
John Osborne, vituperative artist : a reading of his life and work / 
The evolution of intelligence / 
Subregional economic cooperation in Central and Eastern Europe : the political economy of CEFTA / 
The great piratical rumbustification ; & The librarian and the robbers / 
Environmental economics and public policy : selected papers of Robert N. Stavins, 1988-1999 / 
Tax evasion and firm survival in competitive markets / 
Medical assisting : 
A history of playing cards and a bibliography of cards and gaming / 
Online investing : your absolute, quintessential, all you wanted to know, complete guide / 
Race on the line : gender, labor, and technology in the Bell System, 1880-1980 / 
Groove tube : sixies television and the youth rebellion / 
The social gospel of Jesus : the kingdom of God in Mediterranean perspective / 
Ethics in social marketing / 
Burying the past : making peace and doing justice after civil conflict / 
Songs of the unsung : the musical and social journey of Horace Tapscott / 
Old English prose : basic readings / 
The Garland handbook of Latin American music / 
Statistics in plain English / 
Psychodynamic group psychotherapy / 
Treatment manual for anorexia nervosa : a family-based approach / 
Long on adventure : the best of John Long / 
Praying the movies : daily meditations from classic films / 
Through the name of God : a new road to the origin of Judaism and Christianity / 
Mechanics and analysis of composite materials / 
The relational trauma of incest : a family-based approach to treatment / 
Computational rheology for pipeline and annular flow / 
Television news / 
John Diebboll : the art of the piano : drawings / 
The Facts on File dictionary of earth science / 
World War II in the Pacific : an encyclopedia / 
Literacy in multimedia America : integrating media education across the curriculum / 
Practising global journalism  : exploring reporting issues worldwide / 
Coming to birth / 
Organizing Black America : an encyclopedia of African American associations / 
Medieval Germany : an encyclopedia / 
Physical chemistry of polymer solutions : theoretical background / 
Color atlas of gonioscopy / 
365 ways to live to 100 / 
Wool gathering : a sheep family reunion / 
Mother o'mine : a mother's treasury / 
I ask the impossible : poems / 
Pedagogy of language learning in higher education : an introduction / 
The skilled compositor, 1850-1914 : an aristocrat among working men / 
Mediterranean encounters, economic, religious, political, 1100-1550 / 
Pharmacopoeias and related literature in Britain and America, 1618-1847 / 
Henry James : a certain illusion / 
Adventures in nature. Panama / 
Une dégustation topologique : homotopy theory in the Swiss Alps / 
Monteverdi and his contemporaries / 
Two Aristotelians of the Italian Renaissance : Nicoletto Vernia and Agostino Nifo / 
The music of Maurice Ohana / 
Who's who in Verdi / 
Environmental history in the Pacific world / 
Culture and psychotherapy : a guide to clinical practice / 
Atlas of science literacy / 
Self-injurious behaviors : assessment and treatment / 
Chi-Chi, Taiwan, earthquake of September 21, 1999 : lifeline performance / 
Manual of clinical dietetics / 
Office emails that really click : don't stub your pinkie on the space bar / 
Fundamentals of drinking water particle counting / 
Forbidden foods diabetic cooking / 
Clinical laboratory pearls / 
Community health nursing / 
Introduction to sectional anatomy / 
Records : mathematical theory / 
Discovering California / 
Discovering Oregon / 
Judgment and innovation : the heritage and future of the geotechnical engineering profession / 
The demand for office furniture in the United States / 
World furniture trade / 
Orthogonal polynomials and random matrices : a Riemann-Hilbert approach / 
Nonlinear analysis on manifolds : Sobolev spaces and inequalities / 
Biocatalysis and biodegradation : microbial transformation of organic compounds / 
Xenotransplantation  / 
Geriatric nutrition : patient education resource manual / 
Reflections on forgiveness and spiritual growth / 
Clotheslines : a collection of poetry & art / 
Myofascial manipulation : theory and clinical application / 
Clinical decision manual : companion to  Kelley's textbook of internal medicine, 4th ed. / 
Mastering data modeling : a user-driven approach / 
Bethesda handbook of clinical oncology / 
Pocket pediatrics / 
Quick reference to wound care / 
Veterinary hematology and clinical chemistry / 
UML components : a simple process for specifying component-based software / 
Linear algebra : modules for interactive learning using MAPLE 6 / 
Buster Keaton remembered / 
Groups in process : an introduction to small group communication / 
Calculus : an integrated approach to functions and their rates of change / 
Teaching Holocaust literature / 
Speciation of arsenic in water and biological matrices / 
Role of phosphate inhibitors in mitigating lead and copper corrosion / 
Evaluation of membrane technologies for removal of atrazine and other SOCs / 
Local geometry of the Fermi surface : and high frequency phenomena in metals / 
Modeling dynamic climate systems / 
Problems in analytic number theory / 
Electronic properties of materials / 
The picture book of quantum mechanics / 
Wildlife study design / 
Final victory : taking charge of the last stages of life, facing death on your own terms / 
Baby ER : the heroic doctors and nurses who perform medicine's tiniest miracles / 
Three gates to meditation practice : a personal journey into Sufism, Buddhism, and Judaism / 
Dr. Kidd's guide to herbal cat care / 
Dr. Kidd's guide to herbal dog care / 
The Nashville chronicles : the making of Robert Altman's masterpiece / 
Zen and the art of screenwriting 2 : more insights and interviews / 
Writings and speech in Israelite and ancient Near Eastern prophecy / 
The omega-3 connection : the groundbreaking omega-3 antidepression diet and brain program / 
How fiction works : the last word on writing fiction, from basics to the fine points / 
Tale of Boiarynia Morozova : a seventeenth-century religious life / 
The Abruzzo trilogy / 
The seeing stone / 
Diagnostics : 
Self-liberation : 
Nuclear weapons and aircraft carriers : how the bomb saved naval aviation / 
Blister / 
The nature of water and air : a novel / 
It takes a prophet to make a profit : 15 trends that are reshaping American Business / 
The encyclopedia of elder care : the comprehensive resource on geriatric and social care / 
Tietz fundamentals of clinical chemistry / 
The pathophysiologic basis of nuclear medicine / 
Floor style : beautiful floors and floorcloths / 
The new paper style / 
Window decor / 
Cross-stitch florals / 
Découpage the easy way/ 
Framing basics / 
The ultimate balloon book : 46 projects to blow up, bend & twist / 
Constraint propagation in flexible manufacturing / 
Multicriteria optimization / 
Component-based business : plug and play / 
Choosing and using a Schmidt-Cassegrain telescope : a guide to commervial SCTs and Maksutovs / 
Geometrical physics in Minkowski spacetime / 
Theoretical aspects of evolutionary computing / 
Magnetic flux structures in superconductors : extended reprint of a classic text / 
Strategic safety stocks in supply chains / 
Manual of aesthetic surgery / 
Computer algebra recipes : a gourmet's guide to mathematical models of science / 
Episodes from the early history of astronomy / 
Theoretical numerical analysis : a functional analysis framework / 
Courts as catalysts : state supreme courts and public school finance equity / 
Writing inventions : identities, technologies, pedagogies / 
Global limits : Immanuel Kant, international relations, and critique of world politics / 
Money and power in Europe : the political economy of European monetary cooperation / 
Culture, technology, communication : towards an intercultural global village / 
Prophecy in its ancient Near Eastern context : Mesopotamian, biblical, and Arabian perspectives / 
The book of Ezekiel : theological and anthropological perspectives / 
The myth of the historical Jesus and the evolution of consciousness / 
Jews, Christians, and the theology of the Hebrew scriptures / 
Feasts : archaeological and ethnographic perspectives on food, politics, and power / 
The American presidency : a glorious burden / 
Willie wins / 
Dialogues with Boulez / 
DeShawn days / 
Term limits / 
The seaweed rebellion : federal-state conflicts over offshore energy development / 
Applications of win-win policy : implications for teaching Political Science / 
Radical reform of the Civil Service / 
Private agriculture in Armenia / 
So you want to be a superintendent? / 
Population history of cities and towns in Canada, Australia, and New Zealand : 1861-1996 / 
A comprehensive guide to sports skills tests and measurement / 
The hammered dulcimer : a history / 
From day to day : a calendar of notable birthdays and events / 
Exploding the myths : the truth about teens and reading / 
K for Köchel : the life and work of Ludwig Ritter von Köchel, cataloguer of Mozart / 
Verdi and Puccini heroines : dramatic characterization in great soprano roles / 
Preschoolers acquiring language skills : center-based activities with parents as partners / 
The necessity of pragmatism : John Dewey's conception of philosophy / 
The NAT handbook : implementing and managing network address translation / 
A primer on organizational behavior / 
Essential Oracle8i data warehousing : designing, building, and managing Oracle data warehouses / 
Grant seeker's budget toolkit / 
J.K. Lasser's finance & tax for your family business / 
Starting and managing a nonprofit organization : a legal guide / 
The nonprofit handbook. Management / 
The manager's guide to financial statement analysis / 
The nonprofit handbook. Fund raising / 
Three clicks away : advice from the trenches of eCommerce / 
Clinical assessment of child and adolescent behavior / 
Macromedia FreeHand 9 : digital illustration / 
Macromedia Director 8 : creating powerful multimedia / 
The Windows 2000 device driver book : a guide for programmers / 
Instant AutoCAD : essentials using AutoCAD LT 2000 / 
Introduction to Java programming / 
A first course in business statistics / 
Stress mastery : the art of coping gracefully / 
Regional geography of the United States and Canada / 
OrCAD PSpice with circuit analysis / 
Case studies in community policing / 
Along these lines : writing sentences and paragraphs / 
Abnormal psychology / 
Playing hardball : campaigning for the U.S. Congress / 
Personal computers for technology students / 
Great home runs of the 20th century / 
Time series and system analysis with applications / 
Muye Dobo Tongji : comprehensive illustrated manual of martial arts / 
Never alone / 
Mother imagery in the novels of Afro-Caribbean women / 
Creative correction : extraordinary ideas for everyday discipline / 
Father and child reunion : how to bring the dads we need to the children we love / 
The discretionary economy : a normative theory of political economy / 
Selected poems of Victor Hugo : a bilingual edition / 
Southern journey : a return to the civil rights movement / 
Austere luminosity of Chinese classical furniture / 
Legacies : the story of the immigrant second generation / 
Theatrical shows and ascetic lives : John Chrysostom's attack on spiritual marriage / 
Dear Bunny, Dear Volodya : the Nabokov-Wilson letters, 1940-1971 / 
Extracorporeal life support / 
Dangerous beauty : life and death in Africa : true stories from a safari guide / 
A memoir of misfortune / 
The beauty of the husband : a fictional essay in 29 tangos / 
Hans Christian Andersen : the life of a storyteller / 
The sputnik sweetheart : a novel / 
Back from the dead : a novel / 
Jefferson Davis, American / 
The darkness and the light : poems / 
Night crossing : a novel / 
Snow Mountain passage : a novel / 
A few corrections : a novel / 
The money and the power : the making of Las Vegas and its hold on America, 1947-2000 / 
The biographer's tale / 
Love, etc. / 
Eclipse : a novel / 
Gaspard and Lisa at the museum / 
Gaspard in the hospital / 
Margot / 
A necklace of raindrops and other stories / 
At Custer's side : the Civil War writings of James Harvey Kidd / 
The gentle warrior : General Oliver Prince Smith, USMC / 
Fiction as fact : the Horse Soldiers and popular memory / 
Birds of the Lake Erie region / 
In the wake of the butcher : Cleveland's torso murders / 
The alternate history : refiguring historical time / 
C.S. Lewis, poet : the legacy of his poetic impulse / 
Primitive renaissance : rethinking German expressionism / 
Death, dissection, and the destitute / 
Differential equations : theory and applications with Maple / 
The one-eyed man / 
Kansas breeding bird atlas / 
The depressed child : a parent's guide for rescuing kids / 
Artistic detachment in Japan and the West : psychic distance in comparative aesthetics / 
The new taste of chocolate : a cultural and natural history of cacao with recipes / 
How a shepherd boy became a saint : life and teachings of Swami Adbhutananda  / 
The business of government : strategy, implementation & results / 
This heart of mine / 
A history of bombing / 
Angels : the inside scoop on the stars of Charlie's Angels / 
The night before Christmas / 
Things that sometimes happen / 
Happy holidays / 
Partners / 
Hang in there / 
Christina Aguilera : an unauthorized biography / 
Sheltie to the rescue / 
Nowhere else on earth / 
Bones : an Irene Kelly mystery / 
Flags of our fathers / 
Fierce invalids home from hot climates / 
Murder in Foggy Bottom / 
Island of dreams / 
Dead letter / 
The diabolical baron / 
Round robin : an Elm Creek quilts novel / 
Grievance / 
Slaves of obsession / 
In the heart of the sea : the tragedy of the whaleship Essex / 
The science of radio : with MATLAB and Electronics Workbench demonstrations / 
Nonprofit mergers : the power of successful partnerships / 
Effective grouping for literacy instruction / 
Fly fast-- sin boldly : flying, spying & surviving / 
Global perspectives in children's literature / 
The Allyn & Bacon guide to Writing Center : theory and practice / 
Demystifying the counseling process : a self-help handbook for counselors / 
Health of the human spirit : spiritual dimensions for personal health / 
Eddie and Bella : a novel / 
Circa 1900 : from the genteel tradition to the jazz age / 
Meditation : the light from within : Edgar Cayce's approach to life's challenges / 
Praying with Katie : God, my cat, and me / 
Gus and Button / 
Dear friends : American photographs of men together, 1840-1918 / 
Nit-pickin' / 
Jade Star / 
The team-building workshop : a trainer's guide / 
3D games : real-time rendering and software technology / 
Practical SQL : the sequel / 
Oracle8i tuning and administration : the essential reference / 
The Endurance : Shackleton's perilous expedition in Antarctica / 
Morals of legitimacy : between agency and system / 
Life beyond the classroom : transition strategies for young people with disabilities / 
Listening up : reinventing ourselves as teachers and students / 
The educator's guide to medical issues in the classroom / 
Hospital and healthcare security / 
In defense of free capital markets : the case against a new international financial architecture / 
Sensual reading : new approaches to reading in its relations to the senses / 
Against the odds / 
The springboard : how storytelling ignites action in knowledge-era organizations / 
French verbs / 
Mary Robinson : citizen of the world / 
Die Wende von der Aufklärung zur Romantik 1760-1820 : Epoche im Überblick / 
Women and modernity in Weimar Germany : reality and its representation in popular fiction / 
On Jordan's stormy banks : personal accounts of slavery in Georgia / 
Little Bear's crunch-a-roo cookies / 
Women in peace & war, 1900-1945 / 
In the court of the queen : a novel of Mesopotamia / 
Raiders and traders / 
Emperors and gladiators / 
Pharaohs and embalmers / 
Athletes and actors / 
More case presentations in paediatric anaesthesia and intensive care / 
Calcium signalling in cancer / 
Creating our common future / 
More prayers on my pillow : words of comfort and hope for girls on the journey to self / 
Explorations in counseling and spirituality : philosophical, practical, and personal reflections / 
The path of practice : a woman's book of healing with food, breath, and sound / 
Handbook of computer vision algorithms in image algebra / 
Stochastics in finite and infinite dimensions : in honor of Gopinath Kallianpur / 
Prefacing the image : the writing of art history in sixteenth-century Iran / 
German opera : from the beginnings to Wagner / 
The fragility of goodness : luck and ethics in Greek tragedy and philosophy / 
An introduction to syntax / 
Tourism, recreation, and sustainability : linking culture and the environment / 
Critically constituting organization / 
At the gate of Christendom : Jews, Muslims, and "pagans" in medieval Hungary, c. 1000-c. 1300 / 
Happiness is a green light : another crime thriller / 
Trial by ice : the true story of murder and survival on the 1871 Polaris expedition / 
Hitler's personal pilot : the life and times of Hans Baur / 
Early years in machine translation : memoirs and biographies of pioneers / 
Bagehot : the English constitution / 
Grammatical relations in Romani : the noun phrase / 
The French Revolution and the London stage, 1789-1805 / 
Dialogus de oratoribus / 
Joyce, Dante, and the poetics of literary relations : language and meaning in Finnegans wake / 
Singular loci of Schubert varieties / 
Pest and disease management handbook / 
The horseman's illustrated dictionary / 
Cliques : 8 steps to help your child survive the social jungle / 
Blue helmets : the strategy of UN military operations / 
Up on the river / 
A parent's guide to Down syndrome : toward a brighter future / 
Viral pathogenesis in diagrams / 
The CRC handbook of modern telecommunications / 
Inflammatory and infectious basis of atherosclerosis / 
Trigonometry, the easy way / 
Practice evaluation for the 21st century / 
Green River virgins and other passionate anglers : stories / 
Making agreements in medieval Catalonia  : power, order, and the written word, 1000-1200 / 
The environment A to Z / 
Bacchus & me : adventures in the wine cellar / 
From DNA to diversity : molecular genetics and the evolution of animal design / 
Activities for older people : a practical workbook of art and craft projects / 
Collected papers of K.-T. Chen / 
Computer communications and networking technologies / 
Clinical ocular pharmacology / 
Hold me close, let me go : a mother, a daughter, and an adolescence survived / 
Adventure in Wyoming / 
Crime in a Colorado cave / 
Luna's California poppies / 
Exploring C.S. Lewis' The chronicles of Narnia / 
Weekend adventures in northern California / 
Music and musicians in Renaissance cities and towns / 
Early keyboard instruments : a practical guide / 
The monuments of Seti I : epigraphic, historical, and art historical analysis / 
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of Mathematica / 
Transient expression / 
Bipolar disorders : 100 years after manic-depressive insanity / 
Drought and drought mitigation in Europe / 
Video object extraction and representation : theory and applications / 
Function/architecture optimization and co-design of embedded systems / 
Alexander Romanovich Luria : a scientific biography / 
Handbook of rural health / 
Flavour and fragrance chemistry / 
Intonation : analysis, modelling and technology / 
Natural gas hydrate : in oceanic and permafrost environments / 
Segmentation and recovery of superquadrics / 
Heinrich Caro and the creation of modern chemical industry / 
Induced earthquakes / 
Observing land from space : science, customers, and technology / 
A critique of nicotine addiction / 
The invisible heart : economics and family values / 
Intimate kisses : the poetry of sexual pleasure / 
E-learning : strategies for delivering knowledge in the digital age / 
Diagnosis--heart disease : answers to your questions about recovery and lasting health / 
Socrates café : a fresh taste of philosophy / 
From leaders to rulers / 
Nonuniform sampling : theory and practice / 
Snipper critters : easy art activities to stimulate language across the curriculum / 
In good hands / 
What is zen? / 
Write from the heart : unleashing the power of your creativity / 
Humans to Mars : fifty years of mission planning, 1950-2000 / 
Rides of the midway : a novel / 
Edson's Raiders : the 1st Marine Raider Battalion in World War II / 
Fundamentals of the options market / 
Outpacing the pros : using indexes to beat Wall Street's savviest money managers / 
Applied mineralogy in the mining industry / 
We're going on a picnic! / 
This is the rain / 
Eulalie and the hopping head / 
Napoleon and his collaborators : the making of a dictatorship / 
The tech writer's survival guide : a comprehensive handbook for aspiring technical writers / 
Bubbles unbound / 
Putting a roof on winter : hockey's rise from sport to spectacle / 
The human resources scorecard : measuring the return on investment / 
The Hochman encyclopedia of American playing cards / 
Blessings from the other side : wisdom and comfort from the afterlife for this life / 
Trauma & evil : healing the wounded soul / 
The Supreme Court in American society : equal justice under law / 
Conscience and belief : the Supreme Court and religion / 
The path to and from the Supreme Court / 
The justices, judging, and judicial reputation / 
The Supreme Court in and of the stream of power / 
Conscience, expression, and privacy / 
Freedom and equality : discrimination and the Supreme Court / 
A nation of states : federalism at the bar of the Supreme Court / 
The rights of the accused : the justices and criminal justice / 
The least dangerous branch : separation of powers and court-packing / 
Judicial review and judicial power in the Supreme Court / 
Preventing violence in schools : a challenge to American democracy / 
Teacher education and cultural imagination : autobiography, conversation, and narrative / 
Chronology of American Indian history : the trail of the wind / 
Islam's Black slaves : the other Black diaspora / 
Farmed fish quality / 
The social context of cognitive development / 
Curriculum and the Holocaust : competing sites of memory and representation / 
Community writing : researching social issues through composition / 
Celebrations of faith : tying our children's heartstrings to the truth / 
David and Bubblebath-Sheba : and other Bible stories to tickle your soul / 
Evil of Dark Harbor / 
Terror at Dark Harbor / 
Dark Harbor haunting / 
Mists of Dark Harbor / 
A hearse for Dark Harbor / 
Ghost of Dark Harbor / 
Longing unveiled / 
Noninvasive positive pressure ventilation : principles and applications / 
Jewish schizophrenia in the land of Israel / 
Widget / 
When will the book be done? : Granary's books / 
Mixed magics / 
The bookstore burglar / 
Joseph wants to read / 
Games grandmas play : life lessons on Christian faith and grandchildren / 
The price of virtue : the economic value of the charitable sector / 
Civil service systems in Western Europe / 
Competition policy : history, theory and practice / 
The political economy of the East Asian crisis and its aftermath : tigers in distress / 
The new political economy of globalisation / 
Social discourse and environmental policy : an application of Q methodology / 
Jumpstart : ideas to move your mind / 
Single-case and small-n experimental designs : a practical guide to randomization tests / 
The treasures we leave behind / 
Self healing reiki : freeing the symbols, attunements, and techniques / 
Beacham's guide to the endangered species of North America / 
The development of autism : perspectives from theory and research / 
Weather and climate on file / 
Bats / 
Piping engineering leadership for process plant projects / 
Theory of value / 
European union law : cases / 
Epistemology / 
Philosophy of religion / 
Metaphysics / 
Logic and philosophy of language / 
Law in the West / 
The virtue of prosperity : finding values in an age of   techno-affluence / 
Gene transfer methods : introducing DNA into living cells and organisms / 
SNP and microsatellite genotyping : markers for genetic analysis / 
Heaven's window : a journey through northern New Mexico / 
Dear Santa, thanks for the piano / 
Racial encounters in the multi-cultural West / 
The gendered West / 
What are they saying about Paul and the law? / 
Thomas Verner Moore : psychiatrist, educator, and monk / 
Medical sociology / 
A travel guide to Jewish Europe / 
The contemporary writer / 
Europe and the other and Europe as the other / 
Pagan parenting : spiritual, magical & emotional development of the child / 
Great American stories 1 / 
Between Europe and Islam : shaping modernity in a transcultural space / 
A sacred sex devotional : 365 inspiring thoughts to enhance intimacy / 
Designing Active Server pages / 
Poetry as prayer : the Psalms / 
The wave 4 way to building your downline / 
A snitch in the Snob Squad / 
In search of madness : schizophrenia and neuroscience / 
Fidelity of heart : an ethic of Christian virtue / 
Folk physics for apes : the chimpanzee's theory of how the world works / 
What rich people know & desperately want to keep secret / 
CCNA 2.0 certification : routing basics for Cisco Certified Network Associates exam 640-507 / 
The essential guide to computing / 
Florida's finest inns and bed & breakfasts / 
MCSE : implementing and supporting Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 / 
Guide to Florida lighthouses / 
Management accounting / 
Writing for a lifetime : contemporary readings from popular sources / 
The Penguin book of the sonnet : 500 years of a classic tradition in English / 
The insider's guide to finding the perfect job / 
In the circle : crafting the witches' path / 
Black Sheep One : the life of Gregory "Pappy" Boyington / 
Building Oracle XML applications / 
PC hardware in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference / 
Oracle parallel processing / 
MCSD in a nutshell : the Visual Basic exams / 
Java performance tuning / 
Designing web audio / 
Circling to the center : one woman's encounter with silent prayer / 
Multimedia : concepts and practice / 
College algebra / 
Prosthetics and orthotics / 
Windows NT administration and security / 
Basic Populus models of ecology / 
Making the case : an argument reader / 
Confronting the truth : conscience in the Catholic tradition / 
Methods in cellular imaging / 
Heidi's irresistible hat / 
Looking for history : dispatches from Latin America / 
My first movie : twenty celebrated directors talk about their first film / 
Amy's disappearing pickle / 
Subject inversion in Romance and the theory of universal grammar / 
The Eye of the poet : six views of the art and craft of poetry / 
When science offers salvation : patient advocacy and research ethics / 
A dictionary of Asian mythology / 
Medicine and the making of Roman women : gender, nature, and authority from Celsus to Galen / 
Willy's noisy sister / 
The encyclopedia of Ireland : an A-Z guide to its people, places, history, and culture / 
Principles of biomedical ethics / 
Challenging inequities in health : from ethics to action / 
Durkheim / 
I will fear no evil : true stories of faith from those who have walked "through the valley" / 
Prince prances again / 
From bench to market : the evolution of chemical synthesis / 
Preparing college teachers of writing : histories, theories, programs, practices / 
Wolf Willow : a history, a story, and a memory of the last Plains frontier / 
Angle of repose / 
Non-Attic Greek vase inscriptions / 
Pro Rabirio Postumo / 
Shakespeare's Hamlet and the controversies of self / 
Shakespeare and the arts of language / 
God 101 : Jewish ideals, beliefs, and practices for renewing your faith / 
Mercury / 
How to find almost anything on the Internet : a kid's guide to safe searching / 
Career development : strategies and technologies for career and life balance / 
Mark Z. Danielewski's The whalestoe letters / 
Iberoamérica : historia de su civilización y cultura / 
Historical and philosophical foundations of education : selected readings / 
Supply chain management : strategy, planning, and operation / 
Napoleon the novelist / 
Paper punch art / 
Psalms / 
The quest for home : the household in Mark's community / 
Environmental ethics / 
Groundhog  Willie's shadow / 
Book finds : how to find, buy, and sell used and rare books / 
A dictionary of gene technology terms / 
Ischemic cerebrovascular disease / 
Palliative care in the home / 
Rethinking risk assessment : the MacArthur study of mental disorder and violence / 
Nutraceuticals : the complete encyclopedia of supplements, herbs, vitamins, and healing foods / 
Quo vadis computational intelligence? : new trends and approaches in computational intelligence / 
Caring for patients at the end of life : facing an uncertain future together / 
Bow wow : a day in the life of dogs / 
Electronic publishing : avoiding the output blues / 
Edward in the jungle / 
Persephone, the ladybug / 
Meow : a day in the life of cats / 
The good girl's guide to negotiating : how to get what you want at the bargaining table / 
Investment titans : investment insights from the minds that move Wall Street / 
Financial freedom through electronic day trading / 
Environmental field testing and analysis ready reference handbook / 
A past in hiding : memory and survival in Nazi Germany / 
Africa and the West / 
Laser-induced breakdown spectrometry / 
Complete poems and selected letters of John Keats / 
Basic statistics for  the behavioral sciences / 
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of computer graphics / 
The world of Chief Seattle : how can one sell the air? / 
The end of economic man : an introduction to humanistic economics / 
Big men, little people : the leaders who defined Africa / 
The unknown quantity / 
Three days to Pearl : incredible encounter on the eve of war / 
Optimization of chemical processes / 
Appleton & Lange's outline review clinical chemistry / 
Theoretical materials science : tracing the electronic origins of materials behavior / 
Economics / 
Microeconomics / 
Macroeconomics / 
Intercultural communication in the global workplace / 
Under the counter and over the border : aspects of the contemporary trade in illicit arms / 
Cancer prevention : the causes and prevention of cancer / 
Competition and regulation in telecommunications : examining Germany and America / 
Coding and modulation for digital television / 
Design, simulation and applications of inductors and transformers for Si RF ICs / 
Proceedings of the Second ISAAC Congress / 
How to cook meat / 
Nursing pharmacology / 
John Calvin's rhetorical doctrine of sin / 
An ethnography of cosmopolitanism in Kingston, Jamaica / 
Expanding competition in regulated industries / 
Neal-Schuman library technology companion : a basic guide for library staff / 
Economics of coastal and water resources : valuing environmental functions / 
Dare to journey with Henri Nouwen / 
An interpretation of Hamlet based on recent developments in cognitive studies / 
Maintenance, modeling, and optimization / 
Multicarrier modulation with low par : applications to DSL and wireless / 
American government : competition and compromise / 
Rain of the moon : silver in Ancient Peru / 
Aviation weather handbook / 
Macmillan encyclopedia of energy / 
The guiltless / 
Puerto Rican cultural identity and the work of Luis Rafael Sanchez / 
Trains and technology : the American railroad in the nineteenth century / 
Aspen : the history of a silver-mining town, 1879-1893 / 
The Lobo Outback funeral home / 
Théophile Gautier's Mademoiselle de Maupin : toward a definition of the "androgynous discourse" / 
Hydraulics field manual / 
Bronson Howard, dean of American dramatists / 
The influence of Indian thought on Ralph Waldo Emerson / 
The political unconscious of the fantasy sub-genre of romance / 
Vintage tractors / 
The apple king / 
State and society in Roman Galilee, A.D. 132-212 / 
The Torah and its God : a humanist inquiry / 
Managing the Internet controversy / 
Learning about the Holocaust : a student's guide / 
International encyclopedia of women and sports / 
Possessed : women, witches, and demons in Imperial Russia / 
The body remembers : the psychophysiology of trauma and trauma treatment / 
Hotel design, planning, and development / 
Roofing handbook / 
Financial statements : present and future scope / 
Effective business intelligence systems / 
Managing compensation (and understanding it too) : a handbook for the perplexed / 
Banking risk management in a globalizing economy / 
English art, 1860-1914 : modern artists and identity / 
Fashion, desire, and anxiety : image and morality in the 20th century / 
Physics, the human adventure : from Copernicus to Einstein and beyond / 
Resistance of the heart : intermarriage and the Rosenstrasse protest in  Nazi Germany / 
The visual arts in Germany, 1890-1937 : utopia and despair / 
Signposts : gender issues in post-independence India / 
Age discrimination in the American workplace : old at a young age / 
China's leaders : the new generation / 
I love you, Ronnie : the letters of Ronald Reagan to Nancy Reagan / 
The bright country : a fisherman's return to trout, wild water, and himself / 
Acts of the Holy Spirit / 
Icons of evolution : science or myth? : why much of what we teach about evolution is wrong / 
Object-oriented programming with Java / 
An introduction to formal languages and automata / 
Introduction to Java and software design / 
Natural blonde / 
The goofy, goony guy / 
Survive! / 
Pirates / 
Going up the river : travels in a prison nation / 
History of the present : essays, sketches, and dispatches from Europe in the 1990s / 
The great republic : a history of America / 
A world made new : Eleanor Roosevelt and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights / 
Recent history : a novel / 
Sister India / 
Theology of wonder / 
Wisdom from Mount Athos : the writings of Staretz Silouan, 1866-1938 / 
The European Union and the member states : cooperation, coordination, and compromise / 
Sierra Leone : diamonds and the struggle for democracy / 
Critical theory and world politics / 
Preventive diplomacy : stopping wars before they start / 
Spenser's Faerie queene : Warton's observations ; and, Hurd's letters / 
Artificial intelligence : critical concepts / 
Gender, economy, and culture in the European Union / 
Politics and post-colonial theory : African inflections / 
Religion and mass electoral behaviour in Europe / 
Complexity and management : fad or radical challenge to systems thinking? / 
Retail product management : buying and merchandising / 
The gun control debate : you decide / 
Fighting air pollution in southern California by scrapping old vehicles / 
Documentation for the survey of pesticide use during the Gulf War--the survey instrument / 
Satellites : our eyes in the sky / 
Solar system : our home in the universe / 
Comets : blazing visitors from deep space / 
Outcomes in radiation therapy : multidisciplinary management / 
The Prometheus deception / 
At the Plaza : an illustrated history of the world's most famous hotel / 
A year of full moons / 
Let your worries go / 
The Balkans : from Constantinople to Communism / 
The politics of the excluded, c. 1500-1850 / 
Lenin : the practice and theory of revolution / 
The Ancien Regime / 
Justice / 
The Wars of the Roses / 
New labour : the progressive future? / 
Understanding the urban / 
The Japanese business and economic system : history and prospects for the 21st century / 
William Makepeace Thackeray : a literary life / 
Transformational leadership : shared dreams to succeed / 
The world at 2000 : perils and promises / 
Activists speak out : reflections on the pursuit of change in America / 
Succession in Saudi Arabia / 
The philosophy of Kant / 
Bergson / 
Iran at the crossroads / 
The effectiveness of European union environmental policy / 
Lobbying, pluralism, and democracy / 
Moltke and the German wars, 1864-1871 / 
Webster : the tragedies / 
The Georgian town, 1680-1840 / 
Collaborative development in Northeast Asia / 
Bataille / 
The mystery of being / 
The chime : poems / 
A commentary on Proverbs / 
Midnight diaries / 
Guide to state legislative and administrative materials / 
Shaking the heavens / 
Social policy in the European Union : between harmonization and national autonomy / 
Tank tactics : from Normandy to Lorraine / 
Political parties and interest groups : shaping democratic governance / 
Survey on emergency preparedness planning / 
The use and abuse of power : multiple perspectives on the causes of corruption / 
All because of a button : folklore, fact, and fiction / 
The master plan : retirement strategies for the best of your life / 
New century, new deal : how to turn your wages into wealth through social security choice / 
Renovations : a father and son rebuild a house and rediscover each other / 
The values connection / 
The ways of naysaying : no, not, nothing, and nonbeing / 
Calling the station home : place and identity  in New Zealand's high country / 
The myth of Aristotle's development and the betrayal of metaphysics / 
Bitter flowers, sweet flowers : East Timor, Indonesia, and the world community / 
Christian festivals cookbook / 
Pluto and the search for new planets / 
Hindu festivals cookbook / 
Muslim festival tales / 
Media : the impact on our lives / 
Space exploration / 
Egypt / 
Cold War / 
Economic governance and the challenge of flexibility in East Asia / 
Debating American immigration, 1882--present / 
Jewish festivals cookbook / 
Chinese festivals cookbook / 
Dire strait? : military aspects of the China-Taiwan confrontation and options for U.S. policy / 
Expensive children in poor families : the intersection of childhood disabilities and welfare / 
The case of the deadly ha-ha game / 
Miss Fannie's hat / 
Speak / 
Supporting expeditionary aerospace forces : an analysis of F-15 avionics options / 
Military expenditures and economic growth / 
The dreadful future of Blossom Culp / 
Off the road / 
The great investment : faith, family, and finance / 
Molly gets mad / 
The bonesetter's daughter / 
Brutal imagination : poems / 
Uncommon justice / 
Angelfish / 
Cancer chemotherapy : a nursing process approach / 
Biotherapy : a comprehensive overview / 
A step-by-step guide to clinical trials / 
Pocket guide to prostate cancer / 
Mothers to daughters / 
Second chances : receiving the gift of life / 
Anthropological explorations in gender : intersecting fields / 
Women and development : the Indian experience / 
Satellites over South Asia : broadcasting, culture, and the public interest / 
Indian agriculture : four decades of development / 
Organic gardening for the 21st century / 
The genealogy handbook : the complete guide to tracing your family tree / 
What is crime? : controversies over the nature of crime and what to do about it / 
Japan's past, Japan's future : one historian's odyssey / 
Free market environmentalism today / 
Mystery in children's literature : from the rational to the supernatural / 
Thomas De Quincey : knowledge and power / 
Rethinking economic behaviour : how the economy really works / 
The liberal party : triumph and disintegration, 1886-1929 / 
The new international relations : theory and practice / 
T.S. Eliot and our turning world / 
Much ado about nothing and The taming of the shrew / 
A nuclear-weapon-free-world : steps along the way / 
Lockout : Dublin 1913 / 
Neural networks / 
Women's movements in international perspective : Latin America and beyond / 
Monetary policy in a world of knowledge-based growth, quality change, and uncertain measurement / 
Germany since unification : the development of the Berlin republic / 
Friedrich Hayek : a biography / 
You're fifty-now what? : investing for the second half of your life / 
The triumph of Katie Byrne / 
The villa / 
Lone eagle / 
A common life : the wedding story / 
Looking back / 
Protect and defend : a novel / 
Riley in the morning / 
From the corner of his eye / 
Was this man a genius? : talks with Andy Kaufman / 
Library of Congress classification. Class R. Medicine : cumulative schedule and index / 
Bodybuilding, drugs, and risk / 
The criminal spectre in law, literature and aesthetics : incriminating subjects / 
Learning to teach music in the secondary school : a companion to school experience / 
The violence of interpretation : from pictogram to statement / 
Feminist science studies : a new generation / 
Chronic fatigue syndrome / 
European integration and the postmodern condition : governance, democracy, identity / 
Public opinion and the international use of force / 
Who runs what in the global information grid : ways to share local and global responsibility / 
The role of Southeast Asia in U.S. strategy toward China / 
A Heiner Müller reader ; plays, poetry, prose / 
The Baltic transformed : complexity theory and European security / 
Oncology nursing review / 
Walt in Wonderland : the silent films of Walt Disney / 
Geography of production and economic integration / 
In the name of hate : understanding hate crimes / 
A common humanity : thinking about love and truth and justice / 
African literature, animism and politics / 
Sexuality : psychoanalytic perspectives / 
Inside book publishing / 
Conspiracy culture : from the Kennedy assassination to The X-files / 
Routledge encyclopedia of international political economy / 
Hamlet and the baker's son : my life in theatre and politics / 
Edward Said / 
The companion to British history / 
Shyness : development, consolidation, and change / 
Philosophical discussion in moral education : the community of ethical inquiry / 
Colloquial Persian : the complete course for beginners / 
Psychology of physical activity : determinants, well-being, and interventions / 
The language of conversation / 
The European economy 1914-2000 / 
Information systems strategic management : an integrated approach / 
Issues in teaching using ICT / 
A social history of medicine : health, healing and disease in England, 1750-1950 / 
Marketing : critical perspectives on business and management / 
Post-colonial transformation / 
Social and political philosophy : contemporary perspectives / 
Women sailors and sailors' women : an untold maritime history / 
World War 3.0 : Microsoft and its enemies / 
The Stammheim missal / 
Persian Gulf security--improving allied military contributions / 
The environmental implications of population dynamics / 
Implementation and performance in New American Schools : three years into scale-up / 
Export credit agencies : the unsung giants of international trade and finance / 
The psychology of management in African organizations / 
The management of people in mergers and acquisitions / 
The Mohican world, 1680-1750 / 
Headwind / 
Special ops / 
You can find anybody! / 
Sports development : policy, process, and practice / 
Bitter prerequisites : a faculty for survival from Nazi terror / 
Applied ethics in animal research : philosophy, regulation, and laboratory applications / 
Basic techniques for successful fly tying : a lesson by lesson approach / 
Something in the wind : spirits, spooks & sprites of the San Juan / 
Derrida & education / 
The search for extraterrestrial intelligence : a philosophical inquiry / 
Why does policy change? : lessons from British transport policy, 1945-99 / 
Transnational environmental policy : reconstructing ozone / 
Identity, narrative, and politics / 
Hayek's liberalism and its origins : his idea of spontaneous order and the Scottish enlighenment / 
Educating our Black children : new directions and radical approaches / 
Japanese education reform : Nakasone's legacy / 
Paul de Man / 
Japanese industrialisation : historical and cultural perspectives / 
Japan's contested Constitution : documents and analysis / 
ICT, pedagogy, and the curriculum : subject to change / 
Hong Kong as an international financial centre : emergence and development, 1945-65 / 
Mountain environments and communities / 
Sex tourism : marginal people and liminalities / 
Sex, sin, and suffering : venereal disease and European society since 1870 / 
The paradox of American democracy : elites, special interests, and the betrayal of public trust / 
Worlds of knowing : global feminist epistemologies / 
On religion / 
Maurice Blanchot / 
Nordic welfare states in the European context / 
Athens, Attica, and the Megarid : an archaeological guide / 
Consumption takes time : implications for economic theory / 
The body politic : foundings, citizenship, and difference in the American political imagination / 
Dying right : the death with dignity movement / 
Postcolonialism, feminism, and religious discourse / 
The theater of Tony Kushner : living past hope / 
Love is a sweet chain : desire, autonomy, and friendship in liberal political theory / 
The hidden curriculum in higher education / 
Framing compellent strategies / 
Motocross / 
The human body / 
The Allied victory : 
America into a new millennium / 
Going digital / 
Why do people drink alcohol? / 
Nelson Mandela : father of freedom / 
The Cold War years / 
Whales / 
Wolves, wild dogs, and foxes / 
Snakes / 
Spiders / 
Ants / 
Crabs / 
Criminal investigation / 
Alligator / 
Great battles of World War II / 
Blading / 
Modern theories of performance : from Stanislavski to Boal / 
Can you take the heat? : the WWF is cooking! / 
Willows on the windrush / 
A cloud of witnesses : readings on women of faith / 
Brush lettering step by step / 
Painting your favorite flowers step by step / 
George W. Bush : portrait of a compassionate conservative / 
Clio's favorites : leading historians of the United States, 1945-2000 / 
The professor's house / 
Pioneers of medicine and their impact on tuberculosis / 
Historians and ideologues : essays in honor of Donald R. Kelley / 
Let the reader understand : reader-response criticism and the Gospel of Mark / 
The control of biblical meaning : canon as semiotic mechanism / 
On the postcolony / 
The lure of the modern : writing modernism in semicolonial China, 1917-1937 / 
Letters from the silk roads : thinking at the crossroads of civilization / 
China's international relations in the 21st century dynamics of paradigm shifts / 
Forcing freedom : political control of privatization and economic opening in Egypt and Tunisia / 
Making houses, crafting capitalism : builders in Philadelphia, 1790-1850 / 
Nature and art : Dutch garden and landscape architecture, 1650-1740 / 
Anna of Denmark, Queen of England : a cultural biography / 
Love and honor in the Himalayas : coming to know another culture / 
History and the texture of modern life : selected essays / 
Hiking North Carolina's Mountains-to-Sea Trail / 
Dying in the city of the blues : sickle cell anemia and the politics of race and health / 
Remembering generations : race and family in contemporary African American fiction / 
Mimesis and intertextuality in antiquity and Christianity / 
The knight and the dove / 
The long road home / 
Who brings forth the wind / 
Wings of the morning / 
A gathering of memories / 
Last puzzle & testament / 
Eclipse Bay / 
Agatha Raisin and the fairies of Fryfam / 
The human stain / 
Rattle his bones : a Daisy Dalrymple mystery / 
Dead and buried : an Iris House mystery / 
Gene Kelly : a life of dance and dreams / 
Irish rebel / 
Roads : driving America's great highways / 
Cost-benefit analysis : environmental and ecological perspectives / 
Budgeting and governing / 
Eisenhower at Columbia / 
Silver on the tree / 
Who returns to work & why? : a six-country study on work incapacity & reintegration / 
Social security at the dawn of the 21st century : topical issues & new approaches / 
Gained in translation : language, poetry, and identity in twentieth-century Ireland / 
Irish hearts / 
The complete lyrics of Irving Berlin / 
Roads not taken : rereading Robert Frost / 
Entre dos Américas : narrativas de latinas en los '90s / 
The relevance of Albert Schweitzer at the dawn of the 21st century / 
The child in Latin America : health, development, and rights / 
In search of Captain Zero : a surfer's road trip beyond the end of the road / 
The dance of legislation / 
The story of golf in Oklahoma / 
Japanese maples : momiji and kaede / 
The learning connection : new partnerships between schools and colleges / 
A bag of marbles / 
Short-range wireless communication : fundamentals of RF system design and application / 
Multidimensional geographic information science / 
Physiological pharmaceutics : barriers to drug absorption / 
The houses of Hanover and Saxe-Coburg-Gotha / 
Functions and fictions of communication / 
Vocational training at the turn of the century / 
Socio-cultural conflict between African American and Korean American / 
The altar call : its origins and present usage / 
Major events in early vertebrate evolution : palaeontology, phylogeny, genetics, and development / 
Trust us, we're experts! : how industry manipulates science and gambles with your future / 
Love and law : the unpublished teachings / 
The diversity machine : the drive to change the "white male workplace" / 
D'Annunzio : the first duce / 
Law without force : the function of politics in international law / 
The state of state : invisible hands in politics and civil society / 
The radical right / 
Julia's kitchen wisdom : essential techniques and recipes from a lifetime of cooking / 
Remember me to Harlem : the letters of Langston Hughes and Carl Van Vechten, 1925-1964 / 
A piece of heaven / 
Puss in Boots : the adventures of that most enterprising feline / 
How Tía Lola came to visit stay / 
The quirt and the spur : vanishing shadows of the Texas frontier / 
Memories and images : the world of Donald Vogel and Valley House Gallery / 
Even as we speak : poems / 
Focus on the Family presents great stories remembered III / 
Missions in a new millennium : change and challenges in world missions / 
Classic sermons on death and dying / 
Women of the Bible / 
Telling the old, old story : the art of narrative preaching / 
Reclaiming intimacy : overcoming the consequences of premarital relationships / 
Faith that endures : a practical commentary on the book of Hebrews / 
Parables in the eye of the storm : Christ's response in the face of conflict / 
Classic sermons on lesser-known Bible characters / 
Single to single : daily devotionals by and for single adults / 
A Bible handbook to Revelation / 
Burst of flavor : the fine art of cooking with spices / 
Spirit and self in medieval China : the Shih-shuo hsin-yü and its legacy / 
A history of modern Japanese aesthetics / 
Democracy and education in classical Athens and the American founding / 
Twentieth-century textbook wars : a history of advocacy and opposition / 
Mind fields : adolescent consciousness in a culture of distraction / 
Exile and displacement : survivors of the Nazi persecution remember the emigration experience / 
Pidgin and Creole linguistics in the twenty-first century / 
Karl Barth on the Christian life : the practical knowledge of God / 
The Micah story : a morality tale in the Book of Judges / 
Idiots : stories about mindedness and mental retardation / 
Walter Kasper's response to modern atheism : confessing the Trinity / 
War stories / 
New light from ancient Cosa : classical Mediterranean studies in honor of Cleo Rickman Fitch / 
Poésie et poétique en France, 1830-1890 : hommage à Eileen Souffrin-Le Breton / 
Capitalism and schizophrenia in the later novels of Louis-Ferdinand Céline : d'un ... l'autre / 
Thomas Hardy's poetry : a Jungian perspective / 
Bethrothal, violence, and the "beloved sacrifice" in nineteenth-century German literature / 
Cain's lament : a Christian moral psychology / 
Law, media, and culture : the landscape of hate / 
Paradigms from Luke-Acts for multicultural communities / 
Sexuality, curiosity, fear, and the arts : biology of aesthetics / 
Street kids & streetscapes : panhandling, politics & prophecies / 
Schooling for humanity : when Big Brother isn't watching? / 
Georg Forster : a history of his critical reception / 
Writing research/researching writing : through a poet's i / 
Knowing noise : the English poems of Amelia Rosselli / 
Chinese chronicles of the strange : the "Nuogao ji" / 
Signs of culture : simulacra and the real / 
Women's participation : an economic analysis in rural Chad and Pakistan / 
Psychosemiotics / 
The design of information systems for law enforcement : a guide for executives / 
Models of the mind : a framework for biopsychosocial psychiatry / 
Enhancing the lives of adults with disabilities : an orientation manual / 
By water and rail : a history of Lake County, Minnesota / 
Human services and the marginal client / 
Saint Jude / 
Free the animals : the amazing true story of the Animal Liberation Front / 
Fruits and gifts of the Spirit / 
By Waters of the South Fork / 
The Alps : Europe's mountain heart / 
Capital flows, capital controls and currency crises : Latin America in the 1990s / 
Economics of forestry and rural development : an empirical introduction from Asia / 
The Cambridge companion to D.H. Lawrence / 
The Cambridge companion to Shakespeare / 
The culture of playgoing in Shakespeare's England : a collaborative debate / 
Material modernism : the politics of the page / 
Encyclopaedic visions : scientific dictionaries and enlightenment culture / 
Literature and race in Los Angeles / 
Justice and fairness in international negotiation / 
Language acquisition and learnability / 
Physiognomy and the meaning of expression in nineteenth-century culture / 
Pharmaceutical medicine, biotechnology, and European law / 
Town and country in Europe, 1300-1800 / 
Ancient & medieval traditions in the exact sciences : essays in memory of Wilbur Knorr / 
Neurobiology : molecules, cells, and systems / 
Introduction to dynamic modeling of neuro-sensory systems / 
Handbook of mechanical properties of structural materials at a complex stress state / 
Measurements of thermophysical properties by laminar flow methods / 
Cultural attractions and European tourism / 
Introduction to microbiology / 
Tectonic geomorphology / 
Macrokinetics of crystallization / 
Wonju : the Gettysburg of the Korean War / 
Congressional Quarterly's desk reference on the Presidency / 
The quotable cat lover / 
Nitrogen fixation in tropical cropping systems / 
Voices from the river / 
Final freedom : the Civil War, the abolition of slavery, and the Thirteenth Amendment / 
Kant, art, and art History : moments of discipline / 
The tree of life : a collection of poems / 
Visions of the future : astronomy and Earth science / 
Nonlinear problems in machine design / 
The African American woman's health book : a guide to the prevention and cure of illness / 
Man eaters : true tales of animals stalking, mauling, killing, and eating human prey / 
25 natural ways to relieve irritable bowel syndrome : a mind-body approach to well-being / 
Physical geology : exploring the earth / 
Rheumatoid arthritis : a separate world, personal account of living with rheumatoid arthritis / 
The greatest fishing stories ever told / 
The greatest hunting stories ever told / 
Communication and democratic reform in South Africa / 
Heaven help the golfer : pathways to wisdom from the links / 
Nutrition and child health / 
The economics of network industries / 
One kind of freedom : the economic consequences of emancipation / 
New essays in the legal and political theory of property / 
The structure of values and norms / 
The legal geographies reader : law, power, and space / 
Dynamic syntax : the flow of language understanding / 
Blackwell handbook of perception / 
Christian theology : an introduction / 
Consciousness and intentionality / 
The complete book of werewolves / 
Fifty years at the craps tables / 
How to survive the IRS : my battles against Goliath / 
Health care & spirituality : listening, assessing, caring  / 
Trauma among older people : issues and treatment / 
Claws and effect / 
The Cambridge companion to eighteenth-century poetry / 
Writing marginality in modern French literature : from Loti to Genet / 
Mexican Phoenix : Our Lady of Guadalupe : image and tradition across five centuries / 
Thucydides and internal war / 
Shakespeare and the hunt : a cultural and social study / 
On the crown / 
The poetry of François Villon : text and context / 
Biology of plagues : evidence from historical populations / 
Evolutionary anatomy of the primate cerebral cortex / 
Lichens of Antarctica and South Georgia / 
Chemical product design / 
The econometric analysis of seasonal time series / 
Trade policy in developing countries / 
Economics and culture / 
Linguistic fieldwork / 
Empires : perspectives from archaeology and history / 
Flower essences for animals : remedies for helping the pets you love / 
Conversations with dog : an uncommon dogalog of canine wisdom / 
Why celebrate Easter / 
The Supreme Court / 
Simulation modeling using @Risk : updated for Version 4 / 
Conquering depression : a 30-day plan to finding happiness / 
Letters across the divide : two friends explore racism, friendship, and faith / 
Invitation to the Septuagint / 
Veterinary parasitology / 
Big dog breeds / 
Identification and control of mechanical systems / 
Villas and gardens in early modern Italy and France / 
Gregory of Tours : history and society in the sixth century / 
Faking literature / 
The House of Commons, 1690-1715 / 
Auguste Comte and the religion of humanity : the post-theistic program of French social theory / 
Scientific essentialism / 
Spinoza and the irrelevance of biblical authority / 
Francis Bacon and the transformation of early-modern philosophy / 
Evangelicals and politics in Asia, Africa, and Latin America / 
The entrepreneur's creed : the principles & passions of 20 successful entrepreneurs / 
Lessons learned looking back : strategies for successful living / 
Credit card nation : the consequences of America's addiction to credit / 
Babytalk : strengthen your child's ability to listen, understand, and communicate / 
Cybergrrl@ work : tips and inspiration for the professional you / 
Walking magazine's the complete guide to walking for health, weight loss, and fitness / 
A theory of syntax for systemic functional linguistics / 
Around the world in eighty years : a collection of poems / 
The phonological structure of the verbal roots in Arabic and Hebrew / 
Translating science : the transmission of Western chemistry into Late Imperial China, 1840-1900 / 
Men's cancers : how to prevent them, how to treat them, how to beat them / 
Into the final frontier : the human exploration of space / 
The financial assets of households in Ireland / 
Male-female differentials : analysis and policy issues in Ireland / 
Alcohol use in Ireland : some economic and social implications / 
Irish interest rate fluctuations in the European monetary system / 
The utilisation and financing of health services in Ireland / 
Low pay in Ireland / 
Crime in the Republic of Ireland : statistical trends and their interpretation / 
Key issues of cost-benefit methodology for Irish industrial policy / 
Ireland and Europe : challenges for a new century / 
The capital stock of Ireland, 1950-1984 / 
The Irish wealth tax : a case study in economics and politics / 
Net flex : 10 minutes a day to better play / 
Civilizations of the Ancient Near East / 
Natural resources management practices : a primer / 
Extended massive orgasm : how you can give and receive intense sexual pleasure / 
Women's sexual passages : finding pleasure and intimacy at every stage of life / 
Ethnicity and politics in Central Asia / 
Framing South Asian transformation : an examination of regional views on South Asian Cooperation / 
Bhutan in SAARC : role of a small state in a regional alliance / 
The modern mind : an intellectual history of the 20th century / 
A grand guy : the art and life of Terry Southern / 
Given sugar, given salt / 
To cut a long story short / 
To the frontier / 
Globalization and the South Asian State / 
India and the Post-Cold war world order / 
From police network to station of the nation : a political history of broadcasting in Botswana / 
Terrorism : an instrument of foreign policy / 
Environment and national security : the South Asian experience / 
Indo-US relations : issues in conflict and cooperation / 
Security dilemma of a small state / 
Emergence of the multi-party system in the Russian Federation : problems and prospects / 
Mission and democracy in Africa : the role of the church / 
Driving Mr. Albert : a trip across America with Einstein's brain / 
Madam President : shattering the last glass ceiling / 
The pool of fire / 
The city of gold and lead / 
The wishing garden / 
A hug goes around / 
The witches and wizards of Oberin / 
A mother's heart, a daughter's love : poems for us to share / 
It is the wind / 
Fright night flight / 
Mrs. Biddlebox / 
God bless the child / 
Safari Park / 
Girlhearts / 
The summer of Riley / 
Cissy Funk / 
Writing in an electronic world : a rhetoric with readings / 
Esquire's things a man should know about sex / 
The art of taking tea / 
Empty figure on an empty stage : the theatre of Samuel Beckett and his generation / 
I can make my world a safer place : a kid's book about stopping violence / 
Nearest star : the surprising science of our sun / 
Making allies, making friends : a curriculum for making the peace in middle school / 
The weight of glory and other addresses / 
The Longman anthology of women's literature / 
Chalktown : a novel / 
Zuni and the American imagination / 
Below another sky : a mountain adventure in search of a lost father / 
Teaching children physical education : becoming a master teacher / 
Aminta : a pastoral play / 
Music / 
Colors / 
Brand new : how entrepreneurs earned consumers' trust from Wedgwood to Dell / 
George MacDonald : an anthology : 356 readings / 
A grief observed / 
Writer tells all : insider secrets to getting your book published / 
The looking glass / 
Mark / 
God : seen through the eyes of the greatest minds / 
Gay men and childhood sexual trauma : integrating the shattered self / 
Meaning and experience / 
Sanctuary : the path to consciousness / 
The Vietnam War / 
Management of challenging behaviors in dementia / 
Evidence-based management of the acute coronary syndrome / 
Public relations writing and media techniques / 
Longman complete course for the TOEFL test : preparation for the computer and paper tests / 
A journal of love and healing : transcending grief / 
Flights of fancy : American silver bird-decorated spoons / 
Armenian folk arts, culture, and identity / 
Wave without a shore / 
Our days dwindle : memories of my childhood days in Asante / 
Colonial histories, post-colonial memories : the legend of the Kahina, a North African heroine / 
Recasting postcolonialism : women writing between worlds / 
Wildflowers of Door County : Wisconsin's unique floral preserve : a field guide / 
Carry A. Nation : retelling the life / 
Blood of Amber / 
Shallow graves / 
The keeper of the Isis light / 
Focused for soccer 
Teen girls only! : daily thoughts for teenage girls / 
My heart in my mouth : prayers for our lives / 
Polar bear / 
Koala / 
Gray bat / 
Whooping crane / 
Cheetah / 
Leatherback sea turtle / 
Edwin Hubble / 
Alexander Fleming / 
Food / 
Clothing / 
Homes / 
Henry Ford : an unauthorized biography / 
Transportation / 
India / 
John Lennon : an unauthorized biography / 
China / 
Horizontes : cultura y literatura / 
Horizontes : gramática y conversación / 
Sur le vif : niveau intermédiaire / 
Voilà! : an introduction to French / 
Cold comfort : a novel / 
Mothers and daughters : a poetry celebration / 
Creating web-accessible databases : case studies for libraries, museums, and other nonprofits / 
Star quilt : poems / 
Sissyphobia : gay men and effeminate behavior / 
Globalization and the perceptions of American Workers / 
Japan's financial crisis and its parallels to U.S. experience / 
The cry of an occasion : fiction from the Fellowship of Southern Writers / 
Thermoforming : a practical guide / 
Updates in cochlear implantation / 
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease : 
Statistical techniques in bioassay / 
Scientific American great science fair projects / 
Topology of surfaces, knots, and manifolds : a first undergraduate course / 
Selected papers of Takeyuki Hida / 
Mechanical and structural vibrations : theory and applications / 
Police accountability : the role of citizen oversight / 
Second only to Grant : Quartermaster General Montgomery C. Meigs : a biography / 
Election studies : what's their use? / 
Environmental conflict / 
What's a peasant to do? : village becoming town in southern China / 
Changing organizations : business networks in the new political economy / 
Who will provide? : the changing role of religion in American social welfare / 
The mystical society : an emerging social vision / 
A Cold War in the Soviet Bloc : Polish-East German relations : 1945-1962 / 
Royal courts of the ancient Maya / 
The limits of capitalism : an approach to globalization without neoliberalism / 
Lennon remembers / 
Technical support on the Web : designing and maintaining an effective e-support site / 
The art of strategic planning for information technology / 
The baobab and the mango tree : lessons about development ; African and Asian contrasts / 
The postmark / 
Language development / 
Middle and junior high school library catalog / 
Russia's transition to a new federalism / 
California coastal byways : backcountry drives for the whole family / 
Starting with Foucault : an introduction to genealogy / 
Programming with VisiBroker / 
Essentials of contract law / 
Eight million ways to die : a Matthew Scudder mystery  / 
Computers as components : principles of embedded computing system design / 
Workshop statistics : discovery with data and Minitab / 
Guerrilla marketing for writers / 
Successful freelance court reporting / 
Chester Himes : a life / 
Refirement : a boomer's guide to life after 50 / 
Condors and vultures / 
The new American house 3 : innovations in residential design and construction / 
The Jews of Italy : memory and identity / 
The invisible woman : gender, crime, and justice / 
A green and permanent land : ecology and agriculture in the twentieth century / 
Wastewater biology. The habitats / 
Russ and the almost perfect day / 
Companions in courage : triumphant tales of heroic athletes / 
How to use a consultant in your company : a managers' and executives' guide / 
Building pathology : deterioration, diagnostics, and intervention / 
Computational chemistry : a practical guide for applying techniques to real world problems / 
Elements of modern X-ray physics / 
Statistical theory and modeling for turbulent flows / 
Theory and practice of infrared technology for nondestructive testing / 
Software engineering : an object-oriented perspective / 
How to manage a successful software project : with Microsoft Project 2000 / 
The fundamentals of municipal bonds / 
Rock-art of the Southwest : a visitor's companion / 
Great feuds in medicine : ten of the liveliest disputes ever / 
Tracking mental health outcomes / 
American public opinion : its origins, content, and impact / 
Joshua, Judges, Ruth / 
Melanoma techniques and protocols : molecular diagnosis, treatment, and monitoring / 
Calcium-binding protein protocols / 
The pathogenesis of neurodegenerative disorders / 
Deposit insurance : actual and good practices / 
Your soul at work : five steps to a more fulfilling career and life / 
Urban ministry : the kingdom, the city, & the people of God / 
Russia and its new diasporas / 
MSDE bible / 
Printer handbook / 
Conscious sedation / 
Culture and equality : an egalitarian critique of multiculturalism / 
Transgender and HIV : risks, prevention, and care / 
Sandy's Tea Society : delighting in friendships steeped in love / 
Queer Asian cinema : shadows in the shade / 
Rebel yell : stories by contemporary southern gay authors / 
Global marketing co-operation and networks / 
The greatest psychologist who ever lived : Jesus and the wisdom of the soul / 
Living with juvenile diabetes : a practical guide for parents and caregivers / 
The prostate diet cookbook : cancer-fighting foods for a healthy prostate / 
Grandpartners : intergenerational learning and civic renewal, K-6 / 
Our towns : remembering community in Indiana / 
Patrick and the big bully / 
Humor for the heart : stories, quips, and quotes to lift the heart / 
Curse of a winter moon / 
Young naturalist's pop-up handbook. Butterflies / 
Night shade / 
Witch twins / 
Quinceañera means sweet fifteen / 
Money hungry / 
Men in the off hours / 
Elect Mr. Robinson for a better world / 
The human stain / 
Apostles of disunion : southern secession commissioners and the causes of the Civil War / 
The mediocracy : French philosophy since the mid-1970s / 
Revising Flannery O'Connor : southern literary culture and the problem of female authorship / 
The writer's partner for fiction, television, and screen / 
IT manager's handbook : getting your new job done / 
Going for the blue : inside the world of show dogs and dog shows / 
Object-oriented implementation of numerical methods : an introduction with Java and Smalltalk  / 
Our journey through high functioning autism and Asperger syndrome : a roadmap / 
Cistercians, heresy, and Crusade in Occitania, 1145-1229 : preaching in the Lord's vineyard / 
God's touch : faith, wholeness, and the healing miracles of Jesus / 
But which mutual funds? : how to pick the right ones to achieve your financial dreams / 
The Life@work book / 
A bend in the road / 
Component database systems / 
Global finance : new thinking on regulating speculative capital markets / 
On the Yankee station : stories / 
Theatre : a novel / 
Bluesman / 
Lives of girls and women / 
The stone woman / 
Mr. Perfect / 
Eunuchs and castrati : a cultural history / 
Those who can-- coach! : celebrating coaches who make a difference / 
The river below / 
Principles of health education and health promotion / 
Introduction to teaching : rewards and realities / 
Dante Marioni : blown glass / 
Plastics additives handbook / 
Case studies on educational administration / 
Tradition(s) II : hermeneutics, ethics, and the dispensation of the good / 
Women, philanthropy, and civil society / 
Temples for tomorrow : looking back at the Harlem Renaissance / 
Organizational behavior / 
A shopper's guide to Paris fashion / 
The idea of France / 
Moving on : quiet moments for the divorced / 
Learn Word 2000 VBA document automation / 
Teaching teens with ADD and ADHD : a quick reference guide for teachers and parents / 
ABCs of FT-NMR / 
Solved : the riddle of illness / 
Holistic parenting : raising children to a new physical, emotional, and spiritual well-being / 
Branching solutions to one-dimensional variational problems / 
Prosperity, region, and institutions in maritime China : the South Fukien pattern, 946-1368 / 
Isaac Newton / 
My Guy / 
The devil's cure : a novel / 
The feederWatcher's guide to bird feeding / 
Trade and trade policies in eastern and southern Africa / 
Ancestors : the loving family in old Europe / 
Market killing : what the free market does and what social scientists can do about it / 
Propaganda without propagandists? : six case studies in U.S. propaganda / 
Trade elasticities for the G-7 countries / 
The South African Truth Commission : the politics of reconciliation / 
Living Values parent groups : a facilitator guide / 
Key battles of World War I / 
Key battles of World War II / 
The Holocaust / 
The Great Depression / 
The Cold War / 
Jewish jesters : a study in American popular culture / 
Logical investigations / 
The Bell Irvin Wiley reader / 
Ignatius rising : the life of John Kennedy Toole / 
Controlling knowledge : religion, power, and schooling in a West African Muslim society / 
Interim Judaism : Jewish thought in a century of crisis / 
Rose's journal : the story of a girl in  the Great Depression / 
Brother Bill McKie : building the union at Ford / 
Just mom and me having tea : a devotional Bible study for mothers and daughters / 
The cat who loved Mozart / 
Author unknown : on the trail of anonymous / 
Sportswriting : the lively game / 
Barefoot on barbed wire / 
Pathobiology of the aging dog / 
The trouble with government / 
Implementing the constitution / 
Let me whisper in your ear / 
The Irish manor house murder / 
Tactical attitude / 
Beyond the color line : new perspectives on race and ethnicity in America / 
Essentials of autopsy practice / 
Essentials for speech-language pathologists / 
Mulch it! : a practical guide to using mulch in the garden and landscape / 
Designing your gardens and landscapes : 12 simple steps for successful planning / 
The ceramic glaze handbook : materials, techniques, formulas / 
Decorating porches and decks : stylish projects for the outdoor room / 
Handbuilt tableware : making distinctive plates, bowls, mugs, teapots, and more / 
The Viking news / 
The Aztec news / 
The Stone Age news / 
The Philippines / 
Democratic republic of the Congo / 
Crop management and postharvest handling of horticultural products / 
Vertebrate functional morphology : horizon of research in the 21st century / 
Health information : management of a strategic resource / 
Computed tomography : physical principles, clinical applications, and quality control / 
Pathology of the gallbladder, biliary tract, and pancreas / 
Welcome to Birdwell Island / 
Todos los tutús deberían ser rosas / 
El día que apareció la oveja / 
The snow bear / 
British writers. Supplement VI / 
Modern Japanese writers / 
By George : the autobiography of George Foreman / 
Sacred legacy : Edward S. Curtis and the North American Indian / 
Paths of faith : conversations about religion and spirituality / 
Yay, you! : moving out, moving up, moving on / 
The limits of doubt : the moral and political implications of skepticism / 
Computer science project work : principles and pragmatics / 
Engine combustion instrumentation and diagnostics / 
Photovoltaics and architecture / 
Photoshop 6 cookbook / 
Sex & single girls : straight and queer women on sexuality / 
Prison etiquette : the convict's compendium of useful information / 
Aging mothers and their adult daughters : a study in mixed emotions / 
Where is God? / 
P.A. Stolypin : the search for stability in late Imperial Russia / 
Meher Baba : avatar of the tortoise / 
A primate's memoir / 
The hidden America : social problems in rural America for the twenty-first century / 
Acute renal failure : a companion to Brenner and Rector's The kidney / 
Tachdjian's pediatric orthopaedics / 
Saying good-bye to managed care : building your independent psychotherapy practice / 
Enduring issues in American nursing / 
Principles of visual information retrieval / 
Vortex structure and dynamics : lectures of a workshop held in Rouen, France, April 27-28, 1999 / 
Pigs in the corner : fun with math and dance / 
Parker picks / 
My mother is mine / 
Love song for a baby / 
How Santa lost his job / 
Summer party / 
Ted / 
The sissy duckling / 
Raggedy Ann's birthday party book / 
The other / 
The weakness / 
The hidden / 
The arrival / 
The familiar / 
Wake up, Bear / 
Slinky Malinki, open the door / 
Slinky Malinki / 
Schnitzel von Krumm's basketwork / 
Hairy Maclary's bone / 
Find me a tiger / 
The big sleepover / 
A puppy to love / 
Landscapes of memory and experience / 
Making people-friendly towns / 
The orphan singer / 
Integral outsiders : the American colony in Mexico City, 1876-1911 / 
Violence in Colombia, 1990-2000 : waging war and negotiating peace / 
The miracle on Washington Square : New York University / 
Land use, planning, and zoning / 
Time of your life : why almost everything gets better after fifty / 
More than they promised : the Studebaker story / 
The Renaissance and the scientific revolution : biographical portraits / 
Trekking and climbing in Nepal / 
Atlas of veterinary hematology : blood and bone marrow of domestic animals / 
The woman's way : celebrating life after 40 / 
Through the unknown, remembered gate : a spiritual journey / 
Color textbook of histology / 
Snow day / 
Cosmology revealed : living inside the cosmic egg / 
International criminal law : cases and materials / 
Listening to urban kids : school reform and the teachers they want / 
The guide to real estate : principles and practices / 
Advanced theory of mechanisms and machines / 
Biochemical sites of insecticide action and resistance / 
Pharmacology of GABA and glycine neurotransmission / 
Modular pricing of options : an application of Fourier analysis / 
Design of master agreements for OTC derivatives / 
Environmental problems in America's garden of Eden / 
The urban West / 
Where is the West? / 
Chimp and Zee / 
Romantic Shakespeare : from stage to page / 
The African-American century : how Black Americans have shaped our country / 
The complete film production handbook / 
Filmmakers and financing : business plans for independents / 
A short systematic theology / 
Assessment in the block : the link to instruction / 
Human resources administration : a school-based perspective / 
An introduction to early Judaism / 
More money, more ministry : money and evangelicals in recent North American history / 
A free church, a holy nation : Abraham Kuyper's American public theology / 
Mother, I love you / 
The real Santa Claus / 
In quiet light : poems on Vermeer's women / 
Modality : issues in the semantics-pragmatics interface / 
Encyclopedia of African history and culture / 
Pages for you / 
Honeymooners : a cautionary tale / 
Blue limbo : a novel / 
What's cooking, Jamela? / 
Rowan of Rin / 
The Christmas promise / 
Those are real bullets : Bloody Sunday, Derry, 1972 / 
The encyclopedia of stage plays into film / 
No tears in Ireland : a memoir / 
Carver, a life in poems  / 
The whole green world / 
Dangerous diplomacy : the story of Carl Lutz : Rescuer of 62,000 Hungarian Jews / 
Primary pediatric pulmonology / 
Handbook of health psychology / 
Synthetic polymers for biotechnology and medicine / 
New vaccine technologies / 
The magic of Chia : revival of an ancient wonder food / 
Basic essentials. Animal tracks / 
Hugs & heartaches : celebrating the mysteries of motherhood / 
Dual diagnosis : counseling the mentally ill substance abuser / 
Tutoring programs for struggling readers : the America Reads Challenge / 
Getting out of a contract : a practical guide for business / 
To a distant island / 
Absolutely positively Connecticut / 
Corduroy's Christmas surprise / 
Young loves / 
Barn raising / 
Producing and directing the short film and video / 
The car thief / 
Brunswick records : a discography of recordings, 1916-1931 / 
Jewish serials of the world : a supplement to the research bibliography of secondary sources / 
Kurdish culture and society : an annotated bibliography / 
Climate change and forest management in the Western Hemisphere / 
Leaving Tabasco / 
Fat bald Jeff : a novel / 
Willa Cather and others / 
The theory and criticism of virtual texts : an annotated bibliography, 1988-1999 / 
The emerging principalship / 
Slow cures and bad philosophers : essays on Wittgenstein, medicine, and bioethics / 
Revelation down to earth : making sense of the Apocalypse of John / 
The St. Matthew passion : a text for voices / 
God's call : moral realism, God's commands, and human autonomy/ 
The rivers of paradise : Moses, Buddha, Confucius, Jesus, and Muhammad as religious founders / 
The depth of the riches : a Trinitarian theology of religious ends / 
The American scene. 
The borderlands of science : where sense meets nonsense / 
Geographic information systems for transportation : principles and applications / 
Building a legacy : the restoration of Frank Lloyd Wright's Oak Park home and studio / 
A concordance of the Armenian Apocryphal Adam books / 
Libertinage et folie dans le roman du 18e siècle / 
Proteolytic enzymes : a practical approach / 
Spatial knowledge spillovers and the dynamics of agglomeration and regional growth / 
Fuzzy discrete structures / 
Stormbreaker / 
Discovering the world with fuzzy logic / 
COM+ programming : a practical guide using Visual C++ and ATL / 
Essential PHP for Web professionals / 
Turkish grammar / 
Instant AutoCAD : Architectural Desktop 2.0 / 
Parasites and the behavior of animals / 
The breast cancer wars : hope, fear, and the pursuit of a cure in twentieth-century America / 
Rowan Hood, outlaw girl of Sherwood Forest / 
Premiere parent Los Angeles : the survival guide for parents of toddlers & preschoolers / 
Feminist poetics of the sacred : creative suspicions / 
Streetwise Spanish dictionary/thesaurus : the user-friendly guide to Spanish slang and idioms / 
Marketing of high-technology products and innovations / 
Fundamentals of economics for engineering technologists and engineers / 
Essential ASP for Web professionals / 
Wideband wireless digital communications / 
The tree of life : an illustrated study in magic / 
Her immaculate hand : selected works by and about the women humanists of quattrocento Italy / 
The Big Pig Gig : celebrating pigs in the city / 
Windows CE 3.0 : application programming / 
Testimony of hope : the spiritual exercises of Pope John Paul II / 
Business statistics : a decision-making approach / 
Oracle forms developer's handbook / 
Team power : managing human resources in the hospitality industry / 
Environmental philosophy : from animal rights to radical ecology / 
Max Weber in a theological perspective / 
Comprehensive periodontics for the dental hygienist / 
Down the Mississippi with Stinky : two women, a canoe, and a kitten / 
Structure determination of organic compounds : 
Clinical neurology for psychiatrists / 
Start something : you can make a difference / 
Awakening the soul : a book of daily devotions / 
The worlds of Elie Wiesel : an overview of his career and his major themes / 
Inside pitch : life in professional baseball / 
Moon lander : how we developed the Apollo lunar module / 
What do I do now? : Dr. Foster's 30 laws of great decision making / 
The nature and science of survival / 
The nature and science of fire / 
Reflections on the Revolution in France / 
Townspeople and nation : English urban experiences, 1540-1640 / 
The scarlet empire / 
Sedges : Cyperus to Scleria / 
The plantation Tamils of Ceylon / 
Old New Zealand and other writings / 
The inside-outside book of New York City / 
The inside-outside book of Washington, D.C. / 
Global warming : the threat of Earth's changing climate / 
Hedgehog haven : a story of a British hedgerow community / 
Islands of ice : the story of a harp seal / 
Mallard duck at Meadow View Pond / 
Major leagues / 
Historical dictionary of Lutheranism / 
Dr. Franz Hildebrandt : Mr. Valiant-for-Truth / 
Learning Biblical Hebrew : a new approach using discourse analysis / 
Essentials of college English / 
The psychology of safety handbook / 
Deadly thought : Hamlet and the human soul / 
The science of tools / 
The science of the environment / 
Lemur landing : a story of a Madagascan tropical dry forest / 
The handmade candle / 
10 herbs for happy, healthy dogs / 
Sensational soy : recipes for a healthy diet / 
Gamut index of skeletal dysplasias : an aid to radiodiagnosis / 
Non-linear control based on physical models : electrical, mechanical, and hydraulic systems / 
A first course in discrete mathematics / 
The prophetic imperative : social gospel in theory and practice / 
Lucky 13 : solitaire games for kids / 
Diagrammatic representation and reasoning / 
Control theory for linear systems / 
Rapid manufacturing : the technologies and applications of rapid prototyping and rapid tooling / 
Textbook of contact dermatitis / 
Dermatological phototherapy and photodiagnostic methods / 
RoboCup-99 : Robo Soccer World Cup III / 
Connectivity and superconductivity / 
Quantum signatures of chaos / 
Tools for working with guidelines : annual meeting of the special interest group / 
Life sciences in the twentieth century : biographical portraits / 
Environmental compliance : a web-enhanced resource / 
Conceptual design of distillation systems / 
The selected poems of Emily Dickinson / 
Consultant & independent contractor agreements / 
Triangulating peace : democracy, interdependence, and international organizations / 
A long and uncertain journey : the 27,000 mile voyage of Vasco da Gama / 
Around the block again : 
Cups and saucers : paper-pieced kitchen designs / 
Collage. Révision de grammaire / 
Down in the valley : paper-pieced houses and buildings / 
Pink lemonade & other delights : 10 refreshing quilt projects / 
Morphologie : ein internationales Handbuch zur Flexion und Wortbildung / 
Beginning analog electronics through projects / 
Ignite your passion for God : a daily guide to experiencing personal revival / 
Comparative politics / 
Wuthering Heights / 
Balanced scorecard in the federal government / 
Multi-criteria decision making methods : a comparative study / 
State and local population projections : methodology and analysis / 
Witches, scientists, philosophers : essays and lectures / 
The physicists' view of nature / 
The Africa diaries : an illustrated memoir of life in the bush / 
The other languages of Europe : demographic, sociolinguistic, and educational perspectives / 
Far West : guide to America's outdoors / 
Systemic intervention : philosophy, methodology, and practice / 
Puppets, masks, and performing objects / 
Radio signal finding / 
Bluetooth demystified / 
Handbook of electric power calculations / 
Motocross & off-road performance handbook / 
Route 66 : lives on the road / 
Encyclopedia of African-American culture and history. Supplement / 
Illustrated 2000 building code handbook / 
Honda S2000 / 
Prelude to tragedy : Vietnam, 1960-1965 / 
Facility inspection field manual : a complete condition assessment guide / 
Ultrasonography of the prenatal and neonatal brain / 
Formula One / 
The witch casts a spell / 
The long way around : how 34 women found the lives they love / 
The secret to their success : how 33 women made their dreams come true / 
Lucchesi and the whale / 
License to drive in Idaho / 
The science of agriculture : a biological approach / 
Herbal remedies from the wild : finding and using medicinal herbs / 
The letter of the law / 
Zen gifts to Christians / 
The Shaker spiritual / 
It's getting better all the time : 100 greatest trends of the 20th century / 
The rule of law in the wake of Clinton / 
Human resource management in the British armed forces : investing in the future / 
Largemouth bass / 
Muzzleloading / 
Healing with complementary & alternative therapies / 
Stay alive, my son / 
The amazing thinking machine / 
His mother's nose / 
Swan Harbor : a nature counting book / 
How brains make up their minds / 
Social policy and policymaking by the branches of government and the public-at-large / 
Generations of memories : a pictorial history of Franklin County, Illinois / 
Appalachian Bible College, 1950-2000: "because life is for service" / 
Tiberius Caesar : emperor of Rome / 
Bridges of promise : taking steps to follow Jesus / 
The colonial architecture of Salem / 
Turn-of-the-century fashion patterns and tailoring techniques / 
A perfect name / 
Snow day! / 
Ten little lambs / 
Landmark papers in cell biology / 
Murder at Bertram's Bower : a Beacon Hill mystery / 
The market forces in adoption / 
Looking for a fight : a memoir / 
Spectacular string-pieced quilts : a pattern book / 
New self-working card tricks / 
Lichen dyes : the new source book / 
Gone away / 
Hoops with Swoopes / 
The horse : faster than the wind / 
The official M&M's history of chocolate / 
The ant : energetic worker / 
The orangutan : forest acrobat / 
Children from Australia to Zimbabwe / 
Mediating dangerously : the frontiers of conflict resolution / 
Concorde / 
Speed boat / 
Stock car / 
Sprint car / 
Drag racer / 
The ecology of the Cambrian radiation / 
Economic mobility and poverty dynamics in developing countries / 
An American in Paris : a novel / 
Christine Jorgensen : a personal autobiography / 
Choke : a novel / 
The Gryphon : in which the extraordinary correspondence of Griffin & Sabine is rediscovered / 
One of ours / 
A daughter of the snows / 
The titan / 
The lions of the Lord : a tale of the old West / 
Artemis to Actæon and other verse / 
The moneychangers / 
The flirt / 
Louis : a life of Robert Louis Stevenson / 
The merely personal : observations on science and scientists / 
Secrets from an inventor's notebook / 
The parables of Joshua / 
NATO enters the 21st century / 
Irish America : coming into clover : the evolution of a people and a culture / 
The Street : a novel / 
El valioso presente / 
The last laugh : the world of stand-up comics / 
Sampling methodologies : with applications / 
New dimensions in women's health / 
The handbook of victim offender mediation : an essential guide to practice and research / 
The journey to peace : reflections on faith, embracing suffering, and finding new life / 
Industrial organization : theory and practice / 
Principles of economics / 
Principles of macroeconomics / 
Prescription for nutritional healing / 
Current management of membrane plant concentrate / 
Wildcats to powercats : K-State football facts and trivia / 
Biophysical neural networks : foundations of integrative neuroscience / 
Net value : valuing dot-com companies : uncovering the reality behind the hype / 
Day trading on the edge : a look-before-you-leap guide to extreme investing / 
William Morris : animal, artifact / 
Hydrodynamic limits and related topics / 
Geometric wave equations / 
Phonics poetry : teaching word families / 
Teaching today's health / 
Portraits of teachers in multicultural settings : a critical literacy approach / 
Group counseling and group psychotherapy : theory and application / 
Instructional methods for secondary students with learning and behavior problems / 
Teaching deaf and hard of hearing students : content, strategies, and curriculum / 
A primer of international health / 
Jury selection / 
Design-build for the design professional / 
Drafting Internet agreements / 
Emerging materials for civil infrastructure : state of the art / 
Thomas Durfey and Restoration drama : the work of a forgotten writer / 
Tragic plots : a new reading from Aeschylus to Lorca / 
Applied biocatalysis in specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals / 
Chemistry and physiology of selected food colorants / 
Transportation engineering basics / 
Groundwater contamination by organic pollutants : analysis and remediation / 
Understanding showmanship : everything you need to know to win in showmanship classes / 
Successful obedience handling / 
Corrections, peacemaking, and restorative justice : transforming individuals and institutions / 
Nursing issues in the 21st century : perspectives from the literature / 
A clinical guide for contraception / 
Henry Bear's park / 
The information searcher's guide to searching + researching on the Internet + W³ / 
Customer centered Six Sigma : linking customers, process improvement, and financial results / 
Making sense of the ASFA regulations : a roadmap for effective implementation / 
Popcorn palaces : the Art Deco movie theatre paintings of Davis Cone / 
Backstage : Broadway behind the curtain / 
Stone Roberts : paintings and drawings / 
Dogon : Africa's people of the cliffs / 
Frank Lloyd Wright and the art of Japan : the architect's other passion / 
In the bee trees : poems / 
Psychoanalytic conversations : interviews with clinicians, commentators, and critics / 
Introduction to Christian worship / 
Miss Switch online / 
Statistics and performance measures for public library networked services / 
Money can't-- but love can / 
The book of friendship : making life better / 
Chronospace / 
House rules : 145 tips for happy family living / 
The lucky book : predictions for your future / 
Cardiac pacing for the clinician / 
The degenerative cervical spine / 
Vexing nature? : on the ethical case against agricultural biotechnology / 
Managing change effectively : approaches, methods, and case examples / 
International dictionary of films and filmmakers / 
Interoperability : continuing challenge in coalition air operations / 
Supporting expeditionary aerospace forces : expanded analysis of LANTIRN options / 
Handbook of cognitive-behavioral therapies / 
The encyclopedia of sleep and sleep disorders / 
Erin's blood royal : the Gaelic noble dynasties of Ireland / 
Glory and terror : seven deaths under the French Revolution / 
Cogan's Woods / 
Mick Foley's Christmas chaos / 
Literature, politics, and intellectual crisis in Britain today / 
The 1900s / 
The 1100s / 
Family men : middle-class fatherhood in early industrializing America / 
American political rhetoric : a reader / 
Ordinary ecstasy : the dialectics of humanistic psychology / 
Industrialisation and innovation : the Indian experience / 
Where love is, there God is also / 
Getting through to difficult kids and parents : uncommon sense for child professionals / 
China : opposing viewpoints / 
Extraterrestrial life / 
Participatory practices in adult education / 
Developing supervisors and team leaders / 
The automobile in American history and culture : a reference guide / 
Influence and assimilation in Louis Armstrong's cornet and trumpet work (1923-1928) / 
Death waits in the "dark" : the Senoi Praaq, Malaysia's killer elite / 
Cultures in conflict : the Arab-Israeli conflict / 
Women of color : defining the issues, hearing the voices / 
Achebe the orator : the art of persuasion in Chinua Achebe's novels / 
Asian American autobiographers : a bio-bibliographical critical sourcebook / 
The novels of Samuel Selvon : a critical study / 
The adventures of Tom Sawyer / 
European business / 
Soviet military assistance : an empirical perspective / 
The Latino student's guide to college success / 
Passion, politics, and philosophie : rediscovering J.-P. Brissot / 
Native American speakers of the Eastern woodlands : selected speeches and critical analyses / 
Contemplation in liberation : a method for spiritual education in the schools / 
Positioning : the battle for your mind / 
Zambia's stock exchange and privatisation programme : corporate finance law in emerging markets / 
Politics, economics, and presidential use of force decision making / 
Benjamin Keach and the development of Baptist traditions in seventeenth-century England / 
The fall of the Reich / 
Infrared detectors and emitters : materials and devices / 
Integrating graphics and vision for object recognition / 
Coastal and shelf sea modelling / 
3-D displays for libraries, schools, and media centers / 
The runamuck dog show / 
Women and radicalism in the nineteenth century / 
The complete book of garden seating : 45 great projects from wood, stone, metal, fabric & more / 
Fabergé eggs : a retrospective encyclopedia / 
Vocabulary & spelling success : con instrucciones en Español / 
Reading comprehension success : con instrucciones en español / 
The butterfly's way : voices from the Haitian dyaspora [sic] in the United States / 
Working at the margins : moving off welfare in America / 
The Manchu way ; the eight banners and ethnic identity in late imperial China / 
Skyline : the narcissistic city / 
Member of the crew / 
Improving teaching in the high school block period / 
Origin of igneous rocks : the isotopic evidence / 
International classification of rodent tumors. Part II. The mouse / 
Semiconductor surfaces and interfaces / 
Palliative care nursing : quality care to the end of life / 
The oldest old in everyday life : self perception, coping with change, and stress / 
Nursing as a spiritual practice : a contemporary applicaton of Florence Nightingale's views / 
The Wilkomirski affair : a study in biographical truth / 
The buzz on finance / 
Selected papers on optical low-coherence reflectometry & tomography / 
Who cut the cheese? : a cutting-edge way of surviving change by shifting blame / 
Dantes' inferno : a Dr. Sylvia Strange novel / 
Introduction to critical care nursing / 
Comprehensive dermatologic drug therapy / 
Nurse anesthesia / 
The science of primates / 
Fundamental legal conceptions as applied in judicial reasoning / 
Ray Charles / 
The secret to freedom / 
The Hershey's Kisses addition book / 
Supply chain management and advanced planning : concepts, models, software, and case studies / 
Non-smooth dynamical systems / 
Digital video broadcasting (DVB) : the international standard for digital television / 
Riemannian metrics of constant mass and moduli spaces of conformal structures / 
Combined relaxation methods for variational inequalities / 
XploRe : application guide / 
Nonlinear system identification : from classical approaches to neural networks and fuzzy models / 
Asymmetric monetary transmission in Europe / 
Parallel image processing / 
Myths and civilization of the ancient Egyptians / 
Molecular bases of anesthesia / 
Analytical elements of mechanisms / 
The Transformation of frontiers from late antiquity to the Carolingians / 
Myths and civilization of the ancient Greeks / 
What do we know about the Middle Ages? / 
Origins of the European economy : communications and commerce, A.D. 300-900 / 
Goods, power, history : Latin America's material culture / 
Two cultures of rights : the quest for inclusion and participation in modern America and Germany / 
Women, property, and Confucian reaction in Sung and Yüan China (960-1368) / 
Dictionaries : the art and craft of lexicography / 
The Gospel of Matthew / 
Beyond standards : excellence in the high school English classroom / 
Sweet dreams : a pediatrician's secrets for your child's good night's sleep / 
Criminal psychology and forensic technology : a collaborative approach to effective profiling / 
Myths and civilization of the Native Americans / 
Myths and civilization of the Vikings / 
Smoked beers : history, brewing techniques, recipes / 
Independence days : Still just boys and other stories / 
The great transformation : the political and economic origins of our time / 
Games for all year / 
Staircase of a thousand steps : a novel / 
Events and predication : a new approach to syntactic processing in English and Spanish / 
Phonological theory and the dialects of Italy / 
Patterns of text : in honour of Michael Hoey / 
Perspectives on negation and polarity items / 
The Long eighth century / 
Diocles of Carystus : a collection of the fragments with translation and commentary / 
Towns and their territories between late antiquity and the early Middle Ages / 
Cabinetmaking procedures for the small shop : commercial techniques that really work / 
Nile monitors : everything about history, care, nutrition, handling, and behavior / 
The first week with my new iMac : a very basic guide for anyone who wants to "get connected" / 
Biotic interactions in plant-pathogen associations / 
Vogue knitting baby gifts / 
Vogue knitting vintage knits / 
Pass key to the GRE TEST, Graduate Record Examination / 
The metaphysics and natural philosophy of John Buridan / 
Mirror of the invisible : contemporary artists reflecting on Rumi and Islamic mysticism / 
Principles and practices of in situ chemical oxidation using permanganate / 
Oceanography : an invitation to marine science / 
Working with water in medieval Europe : technology and resource-use / 
Forests and landscapes : linking ecology, sustainablility, and aesthetics / 
Geosphere-biosphere interactions and climate / 
Judging the past in unified Germany / 
Extending self-esteem theory and research : sociological and psychological currents / 
The politics of misinformation / 
G.E. Moore's ethical theory : resistance and reconciliation / 
Solar energy, technology policy, and institutional values / 
Mighty rough times, I tell you : personal accounts of slavery in Tennessee / 
In the valley of the Gods : journals of an American Buddhist in Nepal / 
Theater / 
Rex cats : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, behavior, and housing / 
Puppies : selection and character, training and games, feeding and care, heath / 
Porsche 911 SC : 
Nuclear energy : an introduction to the concepts, systems, and applications of nuclear processes / 
Dead duck / 
Commodities of desire : the prostitute in modern German literature / 
Modernism and tradition in Ernest Hemingway's In our time : a guide for students and readers / 
Wordsworth and the critics : the development of a critical reputation / 
The bluest blood : an Amanda Pepper mystery / 
Ethnicity and language change : English in (London)Derry, Northern Ireland / 
Language processing and simultaneous interpreting : interdisciplinary perspectives / 
Syntactic aspects of topic and comment / 
The Whitechapel conspiracy / 
Whose German? : the ach/ich alternation and related phenomena in standard and colloquial / 
Trends in ethnic identification among second-generation Haitian immigrants in New York City / 
Autism, art, and children : the stories we draw / 
Parenting children with learning disabilities / 
Critical education against global capitalism : Karl Marx and revolutionary critical education / 
Women and miracle stories : a multidisciplinary exploration / 
Nurture your child's gift : inspired parenting / 
Mourning child grief support group curriculum : early childhood edition : kindergarten--grade 2 / 
Stardust / 
Engineering and product development management : the holistic approach / 
Visions of the future : physics and electronics / 
Cambridge dictionary of astronomy / 
Treatment-resistant mood disorders / 
Still life / 
Rabbinische Kommentare zum Buch Ester / 
Powering up : how public managers can take control of information technology / 
The seven bodies unveiled / 
The persistence of romanticism : essays in philosophy and literature / 
Datapedia of the United States, 1790-2005 : America year by year / 
Programming in MATLAB / 
Analysis in integer and fractional dimensions / 
Color and light in nature / 
Uncommon causes of stroke / 
Outer perimeter / 
Swing it! : an annotated history of jive / 
Being Greek under Rome : cultural identity, the second sophistic and the development of empire / 
The Cambridge companion to George Eliot / 
The Cambridge companion to Keats / 
Interpretation of semen analysis results : a practical guide / 
Decorating with color : 
Decorating country style : 
The decorated home : 
Richard M. Johnston : sculpture / 
Diabetes type 2 and what to do / 
Psywarriors : psychological warfare during the Korean War / 
Beyond belief / 
Lonely hearts, changing worlds : short stories / 
A selfish woman / 
Piper / 
P.E. games & activities kit for grades 6-12 / 
The violent child : a novel / 
Milk / 
Walking the perfect square / 
The cosmology of Bing / 
Modeling differential equations in biology / 
Technical communication in the global community / 
Landing a law enforcement job / 
Winslow Homer and the critics : forging a national art in the 1870s / 
Prehospital emergency pharmacology / 
The insider's guide to study abroad / 
Elixir's tonics and teas : invigorating tonics for the mind, body, and spirit / 
With the stroke of a pen : executive orders and presidential power / 
Manet and the family romance / 
Worship without words : the signs and symbols of our faith / 
Buy more, pay less / 
The oldest rookie : big-league dreams from a small-town guy / 
The Mr. & Mrs. Club / 
Rousseau's garden / 
Mr. Porter and the brothers Jones / 
Nice / 
Wireless intelligent networking / 
Applications of neural networks in electromagnetics / 
Security fundamentals for e-commerce / 
Broadband access technology, interfaces, and management / 
Satellite communications fundamentals / 
Range-Doppler radar imaging and motion compensation / 
Flowers A to Z : buying, growing, cutting, arranging / 
Ann Hamilton / 
The questioning reader / 
Industrial utilization of surfactants : principles and practice / 
Type 2 diabetes : 
Opening doors, opening opportunities : family literacy in an urban community / 
Motor control : theory and practical applications / 
Peter Pan / 
Surface wear : analysis, treatment, and prevention / 
Life writings. Volume 1 / 
Life writings. Volume 2 / 
Mother's advice books / 
Writings on medicine / 
Educational and vocational books : a facsimile library of essential works / 
Almanacs / 
Miscellaneous plays / 
Fourier analysis / 
Science and technology : the making of the Air Force Research Laboratory / 
Selected ASTM standards for fence materials and products / 
Lawn care & gardening : a down-to-earth guide to the business / 
Planning extreme programming / 
Computer systems architecture : a networking approach / 
Multimedia communications : applications, networks, protocols, and standards / 
Java software solutions : foundations of program design / 
Visual Basic : an object oriented approach / 
Forest animals : explore the fascinating worlds of-- / 
Principles of public and private infrastructure delivery / 
Computational and evolutionary analysis of HIV molecular sequences / 
Textbook of research ethics : theory and practice / 
The archaeologist's laboratory : the analysis of archaeological data / 
Thermal solid waste utilisation in regular and industrial facilities / 
Telecommunication network intelligence / 
Black magic and gremlins : analog flight simulations at NASA's Flight Research Center / 
Bioelectricity : a quantitative approach / 
At war with diversity : US language policy in an age of anxiety / 
The folly of speaking : the seventh tale / 
Sudan's civil war : slavery, race, and formational identities / 
Policing and victims / 
Police talk : a scenario-based communications workbook for police recruits and officers / 
Back to school / 
Jet ski / 
Softimage XSI character animation f/x and design / 
ESL smart! : a ready-to-use life skills & academic activities for grades K-8 / 
Jesus, Inc. : the visionary path : an entrepreneur's guide to true success / 
Shaquille O'Neal / 
Jeff Gordon / 
Tree frogs / 
Butterflies / 
Costume design graphics : a workbook in figure drawing and clothing techniques / 
The wide world of Suzie Mallard / 
The Negro / 
Lazarillo de Tormes / 
A first course in numerical analysis / 
The 7 lively arts 
Theory of satellite geodesy : applications of satellites to geodesy / 
How to draw flowers / 
Demian / 
Awakening to nature : renewing your life by connecting with the natural world / 
Young at heart : the mature woman's guide to finding and keeping romance / 
What your third grader needs to know : fundamentals of a good third-grade education / 
Therapeutic interventions for children with parental alienation syndrome / 
Japan in the world, the world in Japan : fifty years of Japanese studies at Michigan / 
Ornamental horticulture : science, operations & management / 
Ecology : the exprimental analysis of distribution and abundance / 
VBA for modelers : developing decision support systems with Microsoft Excel / 
Where Jesus walked : a spiritual journey through the Holy Land / 
The bathroom planner : hundreds of great ideas for your new bathroom / 
Rocking the ages : the pulse of continuity and change / 
Continuous stochastic calculus with applications to finance / 
Your one-stop guide to the Bible / 
The good rebel : understanding freedom and morality / 
The next green revolution : essential steps to a healthy, sustainable agriculture / 
Going, going, gone / 
Linguistics of American Sign Language : an introduction / 
Introduction to electronics / 
The Muslim marriage guide / 
Practical echocardiography of congenital heart disease : from fetus to adult / 
Deterrence in the 21st century / 
Ferdinand Magellan : first to sail around the world / 
Miniplanner : novel / 
Biomechanics in the musculoskeletal system / 
Head and neck pathology with clinical correlations / 
Spain : the European and international challenges / 
Top down policymaking / 
Molecular cloning : a laboratory manual / 
Lone eagle / 
Dream house : stories / 
Tales of fishes / 
Italy / 
Greece / 
Cardboard tube mania / 
Mind gym : an athlete's guide to inner excellence / 
Davis's NCLEX-RN success / 
The Grotto Berg : two novellas / 
Getting used to Candy / 
The history of North Augusta, South Carolina / 
The numinous and modernity : an interpretation of Rudolf Otto's philosophy of religion / 
Can these bones live? : the problem of the moral self in the book of Ezekiel / 
A good and joyful thing : the evolution of the Eucharistic prayer / 
The Art Pepper companion : writings on a jazz original / 
The sign / 
Stories Jesus still tells : the parables / 
Illustrated encyclopedia of world railway locomotives / 
Song of myself / 
The complete history of costume & fashion : from ancient Egypt to the present day / 
Functional performance in older adults / 
Congressional procedures and the policy process / 
Introduction to telecommunications / 
Instant guide to drug-herb interactions / 
Epilepsy in clinical practice : a case study approach / 
Confronting the mystery of God : political, liberation, and public theologies / 
Age of contradiction : American thought and culture in the 1960s / 
Shop manual for medium/heavy duty truck electricity and electronics / 
Classroom manual for medium/heavy duty truck electricity and electronics / 
CCNP routing / 
Software project management : from concept to deployment / 
Cisco switching black book / 
52 weeks to financial fitness : the week-by-week plan for making your money grow / 
Home to war : a history of the Vietnam veterans' movement / 
Giant children / 
All your own teeth / 
Murder most divine : ecclesiastical tales of unholy crimes / 
Guardian angels : heart-warming stories of divine influence and protection / 
The fairy tale cookbook : fun recipes for families to create and eat together / 
Violent peace : militarized interstate bargaining in Latin America / 
Globalization and the European political economy / 
Problematic sovereignty : contested rules and political possibilities / 
Arabesques / 
Mister Jelly Roll : the fortunes of Jelly Roll Morton, New Orleans Creole and "inventor of jazz" / 
Strong, smart, and bold : empowering girls for life / 
Healing spirits : true stories from 14 spiritual healers / 
Inner radiance, outer beauty / 
Understanding and overcoming depression : a common sense approach / 
Explorations in consciousness / 
My husband is gay : a woman's guide to surviving the crisis / 
RHCE Linux / 
The extraordinary tide : new poetry by American women / 
Jean-Paul Sartre / 
Anarchy! : an anthology of Emma Goldman's Mother earth / 
Running after antelope / 
A student of weather / 
Trailer girl and other stories / 
Winter journey / 
Beloved stranger / 
XML black book / 
John Keats / 
The dreaming way : dreamwork and art for remembering and recovery / 
The garden entertaining cookbook : recipes and menus for casual dining outdoors / 
Quick pickles : easy recipes with big flavor / 
Enoteca : simple, delicious recipes in the Italian wine bar tradition / 
The new complete coffee book : a gourmet guide to buying, brewing, and cooking / 
The element of lavishness : letters of Sylvia Townsend Warner and William Maxwell, 1938-1978 / 
The music at Long Verney : twenty stories / 
Indians, markets, and rainforests : theory, methods, analysis / 
Bargaining with the state from afar : American citizenship in treaty port China, 1844-1942 / 
Grandma's last quilt / 
Human biology : concepts and current issues / 
Conceptual chemistry : understanding our world of atoms and molecules / 
Conceptual chemistry : understanding our world of atoms and molecules / 
The twylight tower : an Elizabeth I mystery / 
Roads / 
Houses / 
Museums / 
Parrots / 
Sharks / 
Character animation with LightWave [6] / 
The Persia Café / 
Sport / 
Painfully shy : how to overcome social anxiety and reclaim your life / 
Mindgames : Phil Jackson's long, strange journey / 
Bob Feller's little black book of baseball wisdom / 
How to break 90 : an easy, step-by-step approach for breaking golf's toughest scoring barrier / 
Lasting memories : a complete guide to creating a family scrapbook / 
On high ground : a history of the Township of Wyckoff, New Jersey / 
Straight from the horse's mouth : how to talk to animals and get answers / 
The child of the Holy Grail : the third of the Guenevere novels / 
In the forest of your remembrance : thirty-three goodly news tellings for the whole family / 
Roe v. Wade : the untold story of the landmark Supreme Court decision that made abortion legal / 
The tragic fate of the U.S.S. Indianapolis : the U.S. Navy's worst disaster at sea / 
Martin Luther King, Jr. : nonviolent strategies and tactics for social change / 
Medieval literature in translation / 
Miss Beecher's domestic receipt-book / 
Mountains of madness : a scientist's odyssey in Antarctica / 
Old Celtic romances : tales from Irish mythology / 
Elephants / 
Spiders / 
Discovering natural Israel / 
Reel Jewish / 
The practical handbook of genetic algorithms : applications / 
Journey of the dead / 
Lessons learned : model early foreign language programs / 
Strategies for including children with special needs in early childhood settings / 
Storytelling in emergent literacy : fostering multiple intelligences / 
Introduction to catering : ingredients for success / 
The floral artist's guide : a reference to cut flowers and foliages / 
A limited partnership : the politics of religion, welfare, and social service / 
The canoe : an illustrated history / 
Something in the water / 
Homeless at home : poems / 
Is this a sack of potatoes? / 
Moon rooster / 
The great chicken debacle / 
Jack Quack / 
Alternative medicine and multiple sclerosis / 
Transforming nursing education through problem-based learning / 
Eight nine romeo poppa : the story of Arkansas aviation / 
Westminster tales : the twenty-first-century crisis in British political journalism / 
Going home : an invitation to jubilee / 
Evolutionary paleoecology : the ecological context of macroevolutionary change / 
Managing our natural resources / 
It only takes a second : preventing childhood traumatic injuries / 
The presidents of the United States & the Jews / 
Supreme Court decisions and women's rights : milestones to equality / 
Primary care : the art and science of advanced practice nursing / 
Tales of a female nomad : living at large in the world / 
Milking the moon : a Southerner's story of life on this planet / 
Team troubleshooter : how to find and fix team problems / 
At paradise gate : a novel / 
Gourmet tortillas : exotic and traditional tortilla dishes / 
The history of the Los Angeles Lakers / 
The history of the Milwaukee Bucks / 
The history of the Atlanta Hawks / 
The history of the Boston Celtics / 
Myofascial pain and fibromyalgia syndromes : a clinical guide to diagnosis and management / 
What it means to be daddy : fatherhood for Black men living away from their children / 
Melodrama and modernity : early sensational cinema and its contexts / 
Secrets of hypnosis / 
Secrets of tarot / 
Secrets of yoga / 
Essentials from America the nation-state, scholastic edition / 
Italians in Rochester, New York, 1900-1940 / 
Books and book collecting in America, 1890-1930 / 
Language and the sacred in Canadian poet bpNichol's the Martyrology / 
An intertextual study of the Psalms of Solomon : pseudepigrapha / 
The Black experience in middle-class America : social hierarchy and behavioral biology / 
Guide to resources in ethnic studies on minority populations / 
Violence and non-violence in the schools : a manual for administration / 
Wilhelm von Humboldt's philosophy of language, its sources and influence / 
The memoirs of Sylvia Olden Lee, premier African-American classical vocal coach : Who is Sylvia / 
Made in Oakland : the furniture of Garry Knox Bennett / 
Pocket atlas of normal ultrasound anatomy / 
Following the Santa Fe Trail : a guide for modern travelers / 
Crisis management in construction projects / 
The phenomenon of life : toward a philosophical biology / 
The waste land and other writings / 
Leaves of grass : the "death-bed" edition / 
The wealth of nations / 
Walden and other writings / 
Clémentine in the kitchen / 
Blood meridian, or, The evening redness in the West / 
Cooking with Pomiane / 
Basic writings of Nietzsche / 
Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire / 
World within world : the autobiography of Stephen Spender / 
Letters from the editor : the New Yorker's Harold Ross / 
Treasure Island / 
The Ox-Bow incident / 
The house of the seven gables / 
Social dynamics / 
David Copperfield / 
A guide for the young economist / 
Bounded rationality : the adaptive toolbox / 
Intentions and intentionality : foundations of social cognition / 
Mind in everyday life and cognitive science / 
Distribution and development : a new look at the developing world / 
Representation and behavior / 
Adaptive dynamics : the theoretical analysis of behavior / 
How architecture got its hump / 
The wind of the hundred days : how Washington mismanaged globalization / 
Crypto anarchy, cyberstates, and pirate utopias / 
Performance evaluation and benchmarking with realistic applications / 
Framework houses : of the Siegen industrial region / 
Death's showcase : the power of image in contemporary democracy / 
I'm gone : a novel / 
The voice of memory : interviews 1961-1987 / 
Flow of life in the atmosphere : an airscape approach to understanding invasive organisms / 
Readings in personality : classic theories and modern research / 
Steam surface condensers : basic principles, performance monitoring, and maintenance / 
Introduction to automata theory, languages, and computation / 
Encounters with great painters : the artists, Bacon ... [et al.]. / 
Singularities in algebraic and analytic geometry / 
Readings on My Antonia / 
Millard Fillmore / 
Classical guitarists : conversations / 
Federalist government in principle and practice / 
The Indians of the Nipmuck Country in Southern New England, 1630-1750 : an historical geography / 
Anne Rice and sexual politics : the early novels / 
Conflicting agents : conflict management in multi-agent systems / 
Discharge and follow-up of the high-risk preterm infant / 
Infectious complications in transplant recipients / 
Gregory is grouchy! : and other really good reasons to be compassionate / 
The Persian plot : a tale about courage / 
Let's ride a Texas horse / 
Otto, the story of a mirror / 
The Hollywood murders / 
My reckless heart / 
The guest list / 
With all my heart / 
In the service of my people : reflections of a Jewish educator / 
Always faithful : a memoir of the Marine dogs of WWII / 
A century of Galveston weather : (1900-1999), people and the elements on a barrier island / 
A marine remembers Iwo Jima : Dog Company, 2nd Battalion, 27th Marines, Fifth Marine Division / 
Goldilocks and the three bears / 
Garden wisdom : traditional tips for making your garden grow / 
Beginning digital electronics through projects / 
Managing strategic relationships : the key to business success / 
The official Rails-to-Trails Conservancy guidebook. Florida / 
Catching bass like a pro / 
Touring New Mexico hot springs / 
Immigration and the constitution / 
The end of days : fundamentalism and the struggle for the Temple Mount / 
Principles of applied reservoir simulation / 
Negotiating critical literacies in classrooms / 
Falling in love with Jesus : abandoning yourself to the greatest romance of your life / 
Baseball / 
Juice / 
Texas politics : economics, power, and policy / 
Canoeing Mississippi / 
Mourning child grief support group curriculum : middle childhood edition : grades 3-6 / 
The ethnic myth : race, ethnicity, and class in America / 
The seeker's guide to the rosary / 
Use it or lose it! : how to keep your brain fit as it ages / 
Mourning child grief support group curriculum : preschool edition : Denny the duck stories / 
Blues traveling : the holy sites of delta blues / 
Mitchell & Ruff : an American profile in jazz / 
Tattletale Tilly / 
Ahoy, Uncle Roy! / 
Losing Malcolm : a mother's journey through grief / 
Indian legends in rhyme / 
Broadcast journalism : techniques of radio and television news / 
Handbook of heating, ventilation, and air conditioning / 
Essentials of meteorology : an invitation to the atmosphere / 
City girl / 
A shelter in the storm / 
Advances in mechanical behaviour, plasticity and damage : proceedings of Euromat 2000 / 
I want to say I love you / 
Elvis Presley / 
European energy industry business strategies / 
The 1600s / 
Analog test signal generation using periodic [sigma delta]-encoded data streams / 
Steel shark in the Pacific : USS Pampanito SS-383 / 
Compendious Syriac grammar / 
Global emissions trading : key issues for industrialized countries / 
Fair sex, savage dreams : race, psychoanalysis, sexual difference / 
Readings on "Cry, the beloved country" / 
Quantum mesoscopic phenomena and mesoscopic devices in microelectronics / 
Current fisheries issues and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations / 
Hydrogen recycling at plasma facing materials / 
NATO in the first decade after the Cold War / 
Analysis and control of age-dependent population dynamics / 
Productivity, technology, and economic growth / 
Decision making : recent developments and worldwide applications / 
Combinatorial catalysis and high throughput catalyst design and testing / 
Advances in solar research at eclipses from ground and from space / 
Computers and cognition : why minds are not machines / 
The institutional basis of higher education research : experiences and perspectives / 
Confluence of computer vision and computer graphics / 
Elements of control : structure and meaning in infinitival constructions / 
Nonstandard analysis and vector lattices / 
Differential inclusions in a banach space / 
Chemical kinetics and reaction dynamics / 
Construction contracts / 
Linking climate change to land surface change / 
Conifer cold hardiness / 
Swine breeding and gestation facilities handbook / 
Introduction to MATLAB 6 for engineers / 
The return of the native / 
Textbook of diagnostic ultrasonography / 
The World Wide Web : a mass communication perspective / 
The tenseless theory of time : a critical examination / 
The tensed theory of time : a critical examination / 
Active treatment of depression / 
Advances in probabilistic and other parsing technologies / 
The country of the pointed firs and other stories / 
The mousetrap and other plays / 
Implementing the environmental protection regime for the Antarctic / 
Worldly wisdom : a multicultural introduction to philosophy / 
Applied sport psychology : personal growth to peak performance / 
Shifting the center : understanding contemporary families / 
Eastern seeds, western soil : three gurus in America / 
American originals / 
Blue mountain : a spiritual anthology celebrating the Earth / 
Type rules! / 
The autobiography of Benjamin Franklin & selections from his other writings / 
Operations management : meeting customers' demands / 
Modern South Africa / 
Caring for souls : counseling under the authority of scripture / 
Sense and sensibility / 
Great expectations / 
Graph separators, with applications / 
Macroeconomics / 
Instant fabric : quilted projects from your home computer / 
Microsoft SQL server 2000 programming step by step / 
The scale of perfection / 
Financial markets and institutions : a modern perspective / 
International financial markets : prices and policies / 
Collage. Lectures littéraires / 
Puntos de partida / 
Cool as ice / 
Collage. Variétés culturelles / 
The historiography of psychoanalysis / 
The playwright Aleksandr Vampilov : an ironic observer / 
Messianic woes in First Peter : suffering and eschatology in 1 Peter 4:12-19 / 
Theology and the experience of God / 
Poststructuralist readings of the pedagogical encounter / 
Rising from deep places : women's lives and the ecology of voice and silence / 
Augustine : biblical exegete / 
Framers' construction/Beardian deconstruction : essays on the constitutional design of 1787 / 
Law and philosophy subversive of democracy / 
Doing the town : the rise of urban tourism in the United States, 1850-1915 / 
Culture and inflation in Weimar Germany / 
The deadlock of democracy in Brazil / 
An airman's odyssey : Walt Braznell and the pilots he led into the Jet Age / 
In the Shaker style : 
Sonnets / 
Assassination! July 14 / 
Twelve thousand years : American Indians in Maine / 
A greater psychology : an introduction to Sri Aurobindo's psychological thought / 
The dynamics of emerging ethnicities : immigrant and indigenous ethnogenesis in confrontation / 
Dialect and migration in a changing Europe / 
Archaeology, ideology, and society : the German experience / 
John Hicks : his contributions to economic theory & application / 
The power of prayer around the world / 
The bad beginning / 
Zebra and other stories / 
Knots in my yo-yo string : the autobiography of a kid / 
Renegade army / 
The devil's gunhand : a Shawn Starbuck western / 
Somewhere they die / 
The ladies of Covington send their love / 
The smoking gun : a Nell Matthews mystery / 
The case of Compartment 7 : a John Darnell mystery / 
A dance at the slaughterhouse / 
The real thing / 
Eclipse / 
Spa partners / 
Fludd / 
The second jeopardy / 
Laura possessed / 
American rhapsody / 
Not in our stars / 
Doris Day : the biography / 
Time of wonder / 
Stern men / 
A treatise on political economy / 
Law & society in transition : toward responsive law / 
Education, nihilism, and survival / 
The people of the book : drama, fellowship, & religion / 
Sociology as an art form / 
Validation in psychology / 
Penal philosophy / 
Writing from the heart : young people share their wisdom / 
Fifty years after the declaration : the United Nations' record on human rights / 
Wu Li (1632-1718) : his life, his paintings / 
Witness to the end : Cold War revelations, 1959-1969 / 
Theater of acculturation : the Roman ghetto in the sixteenth century / 
The Reverend Mark Matthews : an activist in the progressive era / 
1001 curious things : Ye Olde Curiosity Shop and Native American art / 
The Southwest / 
Protracted contest : Sino-Indian rivalry in the twentieth century / 
In the realm  of Nachan Kan : Postclassic Maya archaeology at Laguna de On, Belize / 
The gardener's guide to growing maples  / 
The Himalayan garden : growing plants from the roof of the world / 
Environmental conflict in Alaska / 
W.M. Thackeray's European sketch books : a study of literary and graphic portraiture / 
Unity and diversity in the new Europe / 
Point zero : creativity without limits / 
The Zen commandments : ten suggestions for a life of inner freedom / 
In a state of memory / 
Piano music for four hands / 
Jesus then & now : images of Jesus in history and Christology / 
Christmas unwrapped : consumerism, Christ, and culture / 
History of United States naval operations in World War II / 
Derek Walcott : politics and poetics / 
A modern mosaic : art and modernism in the United States / 
In place of gods and kings : authorship and identity in the Relación de Michoacán / 
The Tao of photography : seeing beyond seeing / 
Making faces, playing God : identity and the art of transformational makeup / 
Elie Wiesel and the politics of moral leadership / 
Sermon notes of John Henry Cardinal Newman, 1849-1878 / 
The Aldine Press : 
Joe Brainard : a retrospective / 
In vitro toxicology / 
Sacagawea speaks : beyond the shining mountains with Lewis and Clark / 
Falcon of Abydos : oracle of the Nile / 
Too young for Yiddish / 
Scatterbrain Sam / 
The ugly duckling / 
From Texas to the world and back : essays on the journeys of Katherine Anne Porter / 
Refractive surgery : a color synopsis / 
The romantics / 
Name dropping / 
Jane and the stillroom maid / 
Dave at night / 
The day John died / 
The hand that rocks the ladle : a Pennsylvania Dutch mystery with recipes / 
See how she runs : Marion Jones & the making of a champion / 
Flashfire / 
Aunt Dimity beats the Devil / 
Professionalism : the third logic / 
Richmond's Monument Avenue / 
Greek and Roman comedy : translations and interpretations of four representative plays / 
The later lectures of Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1843-1871 / 
Political repression in modern America from 1870 to 1976 / 
Literary circles and cultural communities in Renaissance England / 
Florida's paved bike trails : an eco-tour guide / 
Religious goodness and political rightness : beyond the liberal-communitarian debate / 
A woman's guide to living alone : 10 ways to survive grief and be happy / 
John Lennon / 
New York from the air / 
African (Igbo) scholarship / 
Biblical body language : the figurative face of scripture / 
Rabbis as mental health professionals : a major metropolitan study / 
Society and the supernatural in Song China / 
War, occupation, and creativity : Japan and East Asia, 1920-1960 / 
The haunting fetus : abortion, sexuality, and the spirit world in Taiwan / 
The book in Japan : a cultural history from the beginnings to the nineteenth century / 
The victim as hero : ideologies of peace and national identity in postwar Japan / 
The new shape of old island cultures : a half century of social change in Micronesia / 
Mission to Siam : the memoirs of Jessie MacKinnon Hartzell / 
Jesus and Lao Tzu : the parallel sayings with commentaries / 
Microlens arrays / 
The ingenuity gap / 
The Negro family in the United States / 
Interacting with Babylon 5 : fan performance in a media universe / 
Gideon Lincecum's sword : Civil War letters from the Texas home front / 
Creole identity in the French Caribbean novel / 
Southern Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives / 
Damned lies and statistics : untangling numbers from the media, politicians, and activists / 
The legislative labyrinth : a map for not-for-profits / 
Digital logic design principles / 
Getting started in online brokers / 
Global accounting & control : a managerial emphasis / 
Fastalliances : power your E-business / 
How things work : the physics of everyday life / 
Response ability : the language, structure, and culture of the agile enterprise / 
CNBC 24/7 trading : around the clock, around the world / 
Technical charting for profits / 
Auditing and security : AS/400, NT, UNIX, networks, and disaster recovery plans / 
Edward Steichen / 
I'll go and do more : Annie Dodge Wauneka, Navajo leader and activist / 
Birds of Nebraska : their distribution & temporal occurrence / 
Kant's legacy : essays in honor of Lewis White Beck / 
The perils of protest : state repression and student activism in China and Taiwan / 
Narratives from the final frontier : a postcolonial reading of the original Star trek series / 
The heart of what matters : the role for literature in moral philosophy / 
Communicating sustainability / 
Section 504, the ADA, and the schools / 
Witchcraft in Europe, 400-1700 : a documentary history / 
Realized religion : research on the relationship between religion and health / 
America's first families : an inside view of 200 years of private life in the White House / 
The text of the earliest New Testament Greek manuscripts / 
The wealth creators : the rise of today's new rich and super-rich / 
Property rights : from Magna Carta to the Fourteenth Amendment / 
Review questions for the USMLE step 3 examination / 
Hypnotic leadership : leaders, followers, and the loss of self / 
The Middle East in the twentieth century / 
The people, press, and politics of Croatia / 
American policy and Northern Ireland : a saga of peacebuilding / 
Pharmacracy : medicine and politics in America / 
Genocide and crisis in Central Africa : conflict roots, mass violence, and regional war / 
Law and business of the entertainment industries / 
Peace enforcement : the United Nations experience in Congo, Somalia, and Bosnia / 
Through a glass darkly : looking at conflict prevention, management, and termination / 
The conscience of the campus : case studies in moral reasoning among today's college students / 
Path to collective madness : a study in social order and political pathology / 
Digital diplomacy : U.S. foreign policy in the information age / 
Motifs : the transformative creation of self / 
Security and development in Southern Africa / 
The voice of violence : performative violence as protest in the Vietnam era / 
The stonemason : Donald Macleod's chronicle of Scotland's Highland Clearances / 
Maoism in the developed world / 
How to prevent genocide : a guide for policymakers, scholars, and the concerned citizen / 
The Italian way : aspects of behavior, attitudes, and customs of the Italians / 
Debt-free by 30 : practical advice for young, broke & upwardly mobile / 
FEG : ridiculous [stupid] poems for intelligent children / 
Managing human resources in the hospitality industry : an experiential approach / 
Tell me, tree : all about trees for kids / 
Islamic leviathan : Islam and the making of state power / 
Dr. Earl Mindell's complete guide to natural cures / 
Managing IMAP / 
Learning together children and adults in a school community / 
Hospice care for children / 
Gateway to the majors : Williamsport and minor league baseball / 
Sexual diversity and Catholicism : toward the development of moral theology / 
Feminist interpretations of Emmanuel Levinas / 
New perspectives on historical writing / 
The jazzy alphabet / 
Seditious allegories : John Thelwall & Jacobin writing / 
Rett disorder and the developing brain / 
Earth revealing--earth healing : ecology and Christian theology / 
Chromatin structure and gene expression / 
The growth and sustainability of agriculture in Asia / 
Soils : an introduction / 
Managing our wildlife resources / 
Raven of the waves / 
In two minds : a casebook of psychiatric ethics / 
Boundaries and allegiances : problems of justice and responsibility in liberal thought / 
E-leadership : guiding your business to success in the new economy / 
Programming the Win32 API and UNIX system services / 
The art of examining and interpreting histological preparations : a student handbook / 
Prentice Hall's MOUS test preparation guide for Access 2000 / 
An introduction to orthodontics / 
Asset pricing under asymmetric information : bubbles, crashes, technical analysis, and herding / 
Facing the future : agents and choices in our indeterminist world / 
Vagueness in law / 
Bluetooth revealed / 
Facing up to Thatcherism : the history of NALGO, 1979-1993 / 
Ruth & Esther : women in alien lands / 
Elements of the helping process : a guide for clinicians / 
The complete investment and finance dictionary / 
Designing a photograph : visual techniques for making your photographs work / 
From Trotsky to Gödel : the life of Jean van Heijenoort / 
Sacred places of Asia : Where every breath is a prayer / 
Children of hope / 
The everything TV and movie trivia mini book / 
Symbolic computation and automated reasoning : the CALCULEMUS-2000 Symposium / 
Dog miracles : inspirational and heroic true stories / 
Guiltless gourmet : over 300 quick and easy recipes that are both delicious and nutritous / 
The Everything vitamins, minerals, and nutritional supplements book / 
Universal design : a manual of practical guidance for architects / 
Words for friends to live by / 
Kids with celiac disease : a family guide to raising happy, healthy, gluten-free children / 
Korea and the knowledge-based economy : making the transition / 
Mazzaroth : The constellations, parts I-IV,including Mizraim, astronomy of Egypt / 
Creative techniques for photographing children / 
Renaissance art : a crash course / 
Free trade area membership as a stepping stone to development : the case of ASEAN / 
Assessing markets for renewable energy in rural areas of Northwestern China / 
A plan for the conduct of female education, 1797 / 
Original stories from real life, 1791 / 
A descriptive catalogue, 1809 / 
Sober for good : new solutions for drinking problems--advice from those who have succeeded / 
Life at the top : international currencies in the twenty-first century / 
Justice as fairness : a restatement / 
Zeno's paradoxes / 
Rameau's nephew and other works / 
Essentials of psychology / 
Facing reality : a congregational mission assessment tool / 
Home killings : a Romilia Chacón mystery / 
The life and thought of Aurel Kolnai / 
The poetry of thought in late antiquity : essays in imagination and religion / 
Gender, teaching, and research in higher education : challenges for the 21st century / 
Idealism, metaphysics, and community / 
Persuasive programming / 
The 108 skills of natural born leaders / 
Adam Hoops, Thomas Barclay, and the house in Morrisville known as Summerseat, 1764-1791 / 
Data analysis for social workers / 
Entrez : signs of France / 
Java gently / 
Comprehensive transboundary international water quality management agreement / 
Roadmap to the e-factory / 
Roses for Gita / 
Dancing in a wheelchair : one family faces HIV/AIDS / 
The Victorian visitors : culture shock in nineteenth-century Britain / 
Not the end of the world / 
Uphill walkers : memoir of a family / 
Coastal hypoxia : consequences for living resources and ecosystems / 
I am loved : true stories of true love from people like you / 
Manual of commercial methods in clinical microbiology / 
A modern theory of integration / 
Triangle of thoughts / 
Manufacturing powerlessness in the black diaspora : inner-city youth and the new global frontier / 
Comprehending suicide : landmarks in 20th-century suicidology / 
Out of the earth, into the fire : a course in ceramic materials for the studio potter / 
Radio resource management for wireless networks / 
Constitutional law / 
Trial evidence / 
The farms / 
Cognitive ecology of pollination : animal behavior and floral evolution / 
Risk, reliability, uncertainty, and robustness of water resources systems / 
Linear elastic waves / 
Nonlinear multiobjective optimization : a generalized homotopy approach / 
Gust front / 
The canals / 
The forts / 
The fiestas / 
The road builder / 
Kierkegaard : a biography / 
The Putney debates of 1647 : the army, the Levellers, and the English state / 
The Cambridge companion to Spenser / 
Russia and the Russians : a history / 
The early violin and viola : a practical guide / 
Goethe in German-Jewish culture / 
Authority, continuity, and change in Islamic law / 
Empire on the English stage, 1660-1714 / 
His father's son / 
Advanced dietary fibre technology / 
Design patterns in communications software / 
The Parthenon frieze / 
Derivation and integration / 
Vascular morphogenesis in the female reproductive system / 
The courtship of sea creatures / 
Elementary differential equations with boundary value problems / 
Federal pretrial practice / 
Morphological productivity / 
Capturing customers.com : radical strategies for selling and marketing in a wired world / 
101 best home businesses / 
100 ways to motivate yourself : change your life forever / 
Building your career portfolio / 
Tom Dorsey's trading tips : a playbook for stock market success / 
Slack : getting past burnout, busywork, and the myth of total efficiency / 
Modern construction management / 
Children and anthropology : perspectives for the 21st century / 
100 careers in the music business / 
God has a plan for you! : 52 Bible study sessions / 
Toward a Christian view of a scientific world : fifteen topics for study / 
God and reason in the Middle Ages / 
As the shadows lengthen : sermons preached on special occasions / 
Handles for harmony : creating a fulfilling marriage / 
The proverbial marquee : words to drive by / 
Iron chef : the official book / 
Special forces : a guided tour of U.S. Army Special Forces / 
Going places / 
Rhode Island stained glass : an historical guide / 
Final target / 
What's that noise? / 
Katherine / 
Ethnoarchaeology in action / 
Into the mummy's tomb / 
Persuasive fictions : feminist narrative and critical myth / 
Einstein, Picasso : space, time, and beauty that causes havoc / 
Wonders divine : the development of Blake's kabbalistic myth / 
Provider-patient partnerships / 
Neurons and networks : an introduction to behavioral neuroscience / 
1800 / 
Obscurity's myriad components : the theory and practice of William Faulkner / 
Performing the American frontier, 1870-1906 / 
Painless poetry / 
Ants / 
Style in the art theory of early modern Italy / 
Pop art and the origins of post-modernism / 
Testing IT : an off-the-shelf software testing process / 
The syntax of adjuncts / 
Higher than Everest : an adventurer's guide to the solar system / 
Isostasy and flexure of the lithosphere / 
Multinational democracies / 
The grip of gravity : the quest to understand the laws of motion and gravitation / 
Public support for market reforms in new democracies / 
Financial liberalization : how far, how fast? / 
Sameness and substance renewed / 
Mandates and democracy : neoliberalism by surprise in Latin America / 
Economics in nature : social dilemmas, mate choice, and biological markets / 
Physicalism and its discontents / 
Disability and the life course : global perspectives / 
The new liberalism : reconciling liberty and community / 
Electromagnetics / 
Evolution's workshop : God and science on the Galapagos Islands / 
Aestheticism and sexual parody, 1840-1940 / 
Richelieu's army : war, government, and society in France, 1624-1642 / 
The Cambridge companion to Charles Dickens / 
The Cambridge guide to children's books in English / 
Republicanism and liberalism in America and the German states, 1750-1850 / 
Elements of mathematical ecology / 
Algebraic topology / 
Electromagnetic scintillation / 
Psychotherapy with children and adolescents / 
Fungal conservation : issues and solutions / 
Systematic reviews in health care : a practical guide / 
Intellectual trust in oneself and others / 
Becoming parents : exploring the bonds between mothers, fathers, and their infants / 
The Bible and the Third World : precolonial, colonial, and postcolonial encounters / 
Philosophy and the law of torts / 
Adorno : disenchantment and ethics / 
Civil society : history and possibilities / 
The history of political thought in national context / 
Honky-tonk gospel : the story of sin and salvation in country music / 
Neuromuscular diseases : expert clinicians'views / 
My way : a layman's guide to atoms, physics, and the human experience / 
Identities and conflicts : the Mediterranean / 
Windows Millennium edition : concepts & examples / 
Nature in medieval thought : some approaches East and West / 
Treating dissociative identity disorder : the power of the collective heart / 
Mother loves me, this I know : lessons from women of the Bible / 
You don't always get what you ask for : lessons of love from Dad / 
Life is not a stress rehearsal : bringing yesterday's sane wisdom into today's insane world / 
The new encyclopedia of Christian quotations / 
Poetry and philosophy in the Middle Ages : a festschrift for Peter Dronke / 
God for the world-church for the world : the mission of the church in today's world / 
Two for tonight : pure romance from L'Auberge chez François / 
Recent trends in combinatorics : the legacy of Paul Erdős / 
Icebound : the Jeannette Expedition's quest for the North Pole / 
The hot spots : the best erotic writing in modern fiction / 
Wild about dolphins / 
Pirate diary : the journal of Jake Carpenter / 
Kazam's magic / 
Webster J. Duck / 
The concise Oxford companion to African American literature / 
The sound of the ancestral ship : highland music of West Java / 
Trout fishing in North Georgia : a comprehensive guide to public lakes, reservoirs, and rivers / 
Using Illustrator 9 / 
One mind : a psychiatrist's spiritual teachings / 
SQL in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference / 
Tocqueville between two worlds : the making of a political and theoretical life / 
The Mauritian economy : a reader / 
Revenge tragedy / 
Nine crazy ideas in science : a few might even be true / 
The autobiography of Ozaki Yukio: the struggle for constitutional government in Japan / 
Politics in the age of Fox, Pitt, and Liverpool / 
When victims become killers : colonialism, nativism, and the genocide in Rwanda / 
Crime & politics : big government's erratic campaign for law and order / 
ESCO : energy services company handbook / 
The name's familiar II / 
David Livingstone / 
251 essential drills for winning soccer / 
Managed care and modernization : a practitioner's guide / 
Pakistan's arms procurement and military build-up, 1979-99 : in search of a policy / 
Precalculus / 
Expert evidence and criminal justice / 
Making Ireland British, 1580-1650 / 
Farm production in England, 1700-1914 / 
Magister amoris : the Roman de la rose and vernacular hermeneutics / 
Reopening the Word : reading Mark as theology in the context of early Judaism / 
Stopping at every lemonade stand : how to create a culture that cares for kids / 
The Penguin classic baby name book : 2,000 names from the world's great literature / 
Penal reform in Overcrowded times / 
Minority nationalism and the changing international order / 
The voice of reason : fundamentals of critical thinking / 
Education in a post-welfare society / 
From the nation state to Europe : essays in honour of Jack Hayward / 
Comparative social policy : theory and research / 
The fall of apartheid : the inside story from Smuts to Mbeki / 
Aesthetic concepts : essays after Sibley / 
Money and its uses in the ancient Greek world / 
Stardust / 
Freedom of religion under the European Convention on Human Rights / 
Lutosławski studies / 
Using research for effective health promotion / 
In their own words : interviews with vermiculture experts / 
With the Old Corps in Nicaragua / 
Managing external relations / 
Human resource management / 
Prentice Hall Health complete review of dental hygiene / 
The student's guide to exam success / 
The Circassians : a handbook / 
Microcontroller technology, the 68HC11 / 
Lung cancer : making sense of diagnosis, treatment, and options / 
Trino's time / 
The Orlando Cepeda story / 
DSP system design : using the TMS320C6000 / 
Globalization and third world socialism : Cuba and Vietnam / 
Corporate environmentalism in China and Taiwan / 
South Africa's brittle peace : the problem of post-settlement violence / 
Theory, change, and Southern Africa's future / 
Patterns of migration in Central Europe / 
Better spelling in 5 minutes a day : fun spelling activities for kids and parents on the go / 
A Native American theology / 
Beginning and intermediate algebra / 
Challenging violence in schools : an issue of masculinties / 
The gendering of art education : modernism, identity, and critical feminism / 
European human rights law : text and materials / 
The C++ standard template library / 
Modern geometries : non-Euclidean, projective, and discrete / 
Pinocchio nation : embracing truth in a culture of lies / 
The cabling handbook / 
Mathematical logic / 
Hard road to democracy : four developing nations / 
Wills, trusts, and estates / 
The thing in the bushes : turning organizational blind spots into competitive advantage / 
Recursion theory / 
Family practice : God's prescription for a healthy home / 
Cool dead people : obituaries of real folks we wish we'd met a little sooner / 
The theory and practice of international financial management / 
101 reasons to own the world's greatest investment : Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway / 
Inside Secrets to venture capital / 
Enterprising nonprofits : a toolkit for social entrepreneurs / 
The Yale management guide for physicians / 
Guide to long term care financial management / 
101 healing stories : using metaphors in therapy / 
Scriptwriting for the screen / 
Working with texts : a core introduction to language analysis / 
Same sex intimacies : families of choice and other life experiments / 
Medieval literature for children / 
Class / 
Modern dramatists : a casebook of the major British, Irish, and American playwrights / 
Essays on the art of Chaucer's verse / 
Alan Bennett : a critical introduction / 
Iberian cities / 
Woody Allen : a casebook / 
The question of God : an introduction and sourcebook / 
Capital flows without crisis? : reconciling capital mobility and economic stability / 
The public relations handbook / 
Shakespeare and modern theatre : the performance of modernity / 
The complete critical guide to John Milton / 
Masquerade and identities : essays on gender, sexuality, and marginality / 
Shakespeare in psychoanalysis / 
Lestrade and the devil's own / 
Intergroup relations : essential readings / 
Postsecondary education and transition for students with learning disabilities / 
Police unbound : corruption, abuse, and heroism by the boys in blue / 
The government vs. erotica : the siege of Adam & Eve / 
The big bang : the birth of the universe / 
The shape of snakes / 
Oh the things you can do that are good for you! / 
Jürgen Habermas : a philosophical--political profile / 
The spirit and the flesh in Shandong, 1650-1785 / 
Sex : a philosophical primer / 
Feeling and imagination : the vibrant flux of our existence / 
Literary theory : the basics / 
The political economy of corruption / 
The new mutualism in public policy / 
English warfare 1511-1642 / 
Government and politics of France / 
Reason and horror : critical theory, democracy, and aesthetic individuality / 
Risk and citizenship : key issues in welfare / 
On belief / 
Crime, disorder, and community safety : a new agenda? / 
Contagion : historical and cultural studies / 
Holy Spirit for healing : merging ancient wisdom with modern medicine / 
The body "knows" : how to tune in to your body and improve your health / 
Labette County's ultimate deception / 
A goose in Toulouse and other culinary adventures in France / 
The fortune tellers : inside Wall Street's game of money, media, and manipulation / 
Parrot training : a guide to taming and gentling your avian companion / 
Thief of time : a novel of Discworld / 
Surviving schizophrenia : a manual for families, consumers, and providers / 
The forsaken child : essays on group care and individual therapy / 
Acts of trauma in six plays by Antonio Buero Vallejo / 
On African land holding : a review of tenurial change and land policies in anglophone Africa / 
John Lane's 1621 pastoral poem, Tritons trumpet / 
A sociological history of excretory experience : defecatory manners and toiletry technologies / 
Political economy of an authoritarian modern state and religious nationalism in Egypt / 
In the studio with Judy Murrah : 12 playful quilted projects / 
Easy paper-pieced baby quilts / 
Traditional quilts for kids to make / 
Patchwork picnic / 
Colorwash bargello quilts / 
101 projects for your Porsche 911 / 
The battleships / 
Painting floral botanicals / 
Supervisory management and its link to the human resources function / 
1,001 ways to have a dazzling second wedding / 
Rhetoric and exegesis in Augustine's interpretation of Romans 7:24-25a / 
A guide to ethics / 
No time to lose : getting more from HIV prevention / 
Strategic negotiation in multiagent environments / 
Engaños deste siglo y historia sucedida en nuestros tiempos 1615 / 
The emergence of the playwright-director in American theatre, 1960-1983 / 
Emotion marketing : the Hallmark way of winning customers for life / 
Exploring Celtic Druidism : ancient magick and rituals for personal empowerment / 
The secret science of numerology : the hidden meaning of numbers and letters / 
A medicine woman speaks : an exploration of Native American spirituality / 
Introduction to computer-assisted reporting : a journalist's guide / 
Women's voices, feminist visions : classic and contemporary readings / 
Private thoughts : exploring the power of women's sexual fantasies / 
Conflict resolution : mediation tools for everyday worklife / 
9 routes to success for students / 
Self-hypnosis : easy ways to hypnotize your problems away / 
Gardening with the Goddess : creating gardens of spirit and magick / 
Exploring scrying : how to divine the future and make the most of it / 
Exploring candle magick : candle spells, charms, rituals, and divinations / 
Critical thinking in respiratory care : a problem-based learning approach / 
Milady's skin care and cosmetic ingredients dictionary / 
The case of the cold turkey / 
Romantic imagery in the works of Walter de la Mare / 
How to solve word problems in arithmetic / 
Todd Helton : the hits keep coming / 
Contemporary studies on Lord Byron / 
Primary literacy centers : making reading and writing stick! / 
Postmodernism / 
Statistics for psychologists : an intermediate course / 
Pagan Dreiser : songs from American mythology / 
How people evaluate others in organizations / 
Self-regulated learning and academic achievement : theoretical perspectives / 
Success and failure in public governance : a comparative analysis / 
Take back your marriage : sticking together in a world that pulls us apart / 
Innovation and employment : process versus product innovation / 
The foundations of continuous time finance / 
Sexual shame : an urgent call to healing / 
Teaching on target : age-level insights from Children's ministry magazine / 
Economics for business : blending theory and practice / 
Love someone today : encouragement and inspiration for the times of our lives / 
Legalizing drugs / 
Supreme Court justices : a biographical dictionary / 
Purkinje's vision : the dawning of neuroscience / 
Bathrooms / 
The second one thousand years : ten people who defined a millennium / 
For lesbian parents : your guide to helping your family grow up happy, healthy, and proud / 
Managing organizational change in transition economies / 
The theory of trade policy reform / 
The dictionary of religion / 
The dictionary of the global economy / 
True men and traitors : from the OSS to the CIA. my life in the shadows / 
The economies of central-city neighborhoods / 
Handbook of research on the international relations of Latin America and the Caribbean / 
If Americans really understood the income tax : uncovering our most expensive ignorance / 
The greening of conservative America / 
Kingdom works : true stories about God and his people in inner city America / 
Annie and Bo and the big surprise / 
Marco's Millions / 
Plotting terror : novelists and terrorists in contemporary fiction / 
Understanding community-based forest ecosystem management / 
The dictionary of the environment and its biomes / 
Menopause the natural way / 
Principles of nuclear structure and function / 
Quantum gauge theories : a true ghost-story / 
Allergy and immunology secrets / 
Understanding statistical concepts using S-plus / 
Cognitive rehabilitation : an integrative neuropsychological approach / 
Managing new product development and innovation : a microeconomic toolbox / 
Global financial markets at the turn of the century / 
Contemporary minority migration, education, and ethnicity in China / 
Growth theory in historical perspective : selected essays of Theo van de Klundert / 
Environmental economics and policy making in developing countries : current issues / 
Competitiveness, technology and skills / 
Reformed worship / 
Coaching football's midline option / 
Techno-ready marketing : how and why your customers adopt technology / 
Porgy / 
Shades of jade : a novel / 
Inventing New Orleans : writings of Lafcadio Hearn / 
Group's blockbuster movie illustrations / 
Nashborough : a novel / 
The Justus Girls : a novel / 
Kit's law / 
Narrative skepticism : moral agency and representations of consciousness in fiction / 
Edward the Caresser : the playboy prince who became Edward VII / 
The theory of inductive prospecting / 
Coastal and estuarine fine sediment processes / 
Rachel Rude Rowdy / 
Ex-Libris / 
Now dig this : the unspeakable writings of Terry Southern, 1950-1995 / 
The promise of the Spirit / 
The Lord's Supper / 
Many witnesses, one Lord / 
The Lord is my shepherd / 
Great themes of the New Testament / 
Letters to the seven churches / 
Reforming public institutions and strengthening governance : 
African poverty at the millennium : causes, complexities, and challenges / 
Adult literacy programs in Uganda / 
Engendering development : 
Resolution of financial distress : an international perspective on the design of bankruptcy laws / 
Are your parents driving you crazy? : how to resolve the most common dilemmas with aging parents / 
The Mabinogion / 
Symposium ; and Phaedrus / 
The Kahoʾolawe Project / 
Progressions : with readings / 
Edgar Reitz's Heimat : histories, traditions, fictions / 
Requests and culture : politeness in British English and Japanese / 
Economic structure-functionalism in European unification and globalization of the economies / 
Flight in America : from the Wrights to the astronauts / 
Alice and Greta's color magic / 
Integrative approaches to supervision / 
Groupwork in social care / 
Shooting the moon : the true story of an American manhunt unlike any other, ever / 
Asperger syndrome, the universe and everything / 
Blue bottle mystery : an Asperger adventure / 
Intellectual property law : damages and remedies / 
Papermaking : beautiful papers and projects to make in a weekend / 
Woody Guthrie : poet of the people / 
America--a book of opposites / 
Eyewitness reliability in motor vehicle accident reconstruction and litigation / 
Six lost leaders : prophets of civil society / 
Little numbers : and pictures that just show just how little they are / 
The game : win your life in 90 days / 
Environmental science : creating a sustainable future / 
Kaplan & Sadock's pocket handbook of clinical psychiatry / 
Herbal therapy & supplements : a scientific & traditional approach / 
Management of respiratory tract infections / 
The AHA clinical cardiac consult / 
Basic biomechanics of the musculoskeletal system / 
Pharmacotherapeutics for advanced practice : a practical approach / 
Child abuse : medical diagnosis and management / 
Pleural diseases / 
Brain death / 
Politics in Nigeria / 
Beaumarchais : homme de lettres, homme de société / 
Futures lost : nostalgia and identity among Italian immigrants in Argentina / 
Ecologically orientated planning / 
Behind the veil of familiarity : C.S. Lewis (1898-1998) / 
The academic and the spiritual in Karl Rahner's theology / 
Repenser les processus créateurs / 
Assessing English for academic purposes / 
Video-assisted thoracic surgery (VATS) / 
First aid and CPR / 
First aid and CPR / 
Corporations and other business organizations : cases, materials, problems / 
Nursing malpractice / 
Forensic pathology in criminal cases / 
Natural relief from aches & pains / 
Burnt umber : a novel / 
Insurance law : cases and materials / 
Jesus and Nicodemus : a literary and narrative exegesis of Jn. 2,23-3,36 / 
Social capital as a policy resource / 
Impacts of electric utility deregulation on property taxation / 
First aid / 
CPR / 
Nomos Rodiōn nautikos = The Rhodian sea-law / 
A treatise on the law of evidence / 
Chocolate desserts by Pierre Hermé / 
One more river : a Noah's ark counting song / 
Border patrol exam / 
Cultural competence in the caring professions / 
The great pig search / 
Murder most romantic : passionate tales of life and death / 
The coming of materials science / 
Trade and investment in a globalising world : essays in honour of H. Peter Gray / 
Buffalo Soldier Regiment : history of the twenty-fifth United States Infantry, 1869-1926 / 
Legacy of rage : Jewish masculinity, violence, and culture / 
American architects and their books to 1848 / 
For the love of Teddi : the story behind Camp Good Days and Special Times / 
Mountains and our moving earth / 
The dame in the kimono : hollywood, censorship, and the production code / 
Mrs. Wilkes' Boardinghouse cookbook : recipes and recollections from her Savannah table / 
A taste for the secret / 
Democracy in Europe / 
The Columbia guide to America in the 1960s / 
The border hostage / 
The cruise ship phenomenon in North America / 
Walt Disney's nine old men and the art of animation / 
Carnage and culture : landmark battles in the rise of Western power / 
The molten soul : dangers and opportunities in religious conversion / 
Chicks laying nest eggs : how 10 skirts beat the pants off Wall Street...and how you can, too! / 
Speaking of books : the best things ever said about books and book collecting / 
The private house / 
Essential biology / 
Selected Federalist papers / 
Metamorphoses in Russian modernism / 
A culture of corruption? : coping with government in post-communist Europe / 
On the edge : Ukrainian-Central European-Russian security triangle / 
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings / 
Experiments with magnets / 
Experiments in electricity / 
Nigeria / 
The Brothers Grimm : two lives, one legacy / 
Nursery classics : a Galdone treasury / 
Book! / 
Suzanne Somers' eat, cheat, and melt the fat away / 
Sibling revelry : 8 steps to successful adult sibling relationships / 
Lectures on quantum mechanics / 
An introduction to linear programming and the theory of games / 
How to make Black America better : leading African Americans speak out / 
Living in the Arts and Crafts style : a home decorating workbook / 
The gallery of regrettable food / 
10 steps to fashion freedom : discover your personal style from the inside out / 
Qualitative research in occupational therapy : strategies and experiences / 
A feel for the game : to Brookline and back / 
Celtic art in pagan and Christian times / 
All's well that ends well / 
Martin Luther King, Jr. / 
Abraham Lincoln / 
Let's get ready for Hanukkah / 
Tap dancing / 
The Kosovo tragedy : the human rights dimensions / 
Pocket PC clear & simple / 
Electrical studies for trades / 
Essential atlas of nephrology / 
I, Fellini / 
Hitler's war / 
My attainment of the Pole / 
Zaftig : well rounded erotica / 
Erotic fairy tales : a romp through the classics / 
Book of dreams / 
Points of departure : new stories from Mexico / 
Stories of Mr. Keuner / 
Atet, A.D. / 
Apart from Freud : notes for a rational psychoanalysis / 
San Francisco beat : talking with the poets / 
Quest : the search for meaning through Christ / 
Of souls, symbols, and sacraments / 
Craft stick mania / 
Paper cup mania / 
Kenya / 
Egg carton mania / 
Mouse shapes : a very first book / 
Mouse colors : a very first book / 
Nietzschean parody : an introduction to reading Nietzsche / 
Qualitative inquiry : the path of sciencing / 
Elijah's mantle : pilgrimage, politics, and proclamation / 
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's court / 
Just so stories / 
Mulholland's book of magic / 
Atlantis, the lost empire : 
Organic living / 
Managing your finances / 
Effective marketing / 
Organic baby and toddler cookbook / 
Christ in church leadership : a handbook for elders and pastors / 
Acting between the lines : the Field Day Theatre Company and Irish cultural politics, 1980-1984 / 
Living the Catholic faith : rediscovering the basics / 
Nam : the Vietnam war in the words of the men and women who fought there / 
Gary Cooper : American hero / 
Iguanas in the snow and other winter poems / 
Honest prayer / 
Zora Neale Hurston : a life in letters / 
Murder in Spokane : catching a serial killer / 
Twenty-first century weapons proliferation : are we ready? / 
The triumph of Katie Byrne / 
Family reunion / 
Beneath a Dakota cross / 
Buckeye / 
The silence of the lambs / 
The medical interview : mastering skills for clinical practice / 
Kids : how biology and culture shape the way we raise our children / 
Alternative and complementary treatment in neurologic illness / 
Henry Moore, sculpting the 20th century / 
Stroke-free for life : the complete guide to stroke prevention and treatment / 
Photoshop 6 in depth / 
Biology of women / 
Looking back / 
She flies without wings : how horses touch a woman's soul / 
The binding chair, or, A visit from the Foot Emancipation Society / 
That others may live / 
Hardcore from the heart : the pleasures, profits, and politics of sex performance / 
International conflict resolution / 
Sair Linux/GNU installation and configuration / 
Belize / 
Spain / 
Strings, hands, shadows : a modern puppet history / 
A Culinary collection : 
Atlantis, the lost empire, 2001 : the essential guide / 
The Farallon cookbook : the very best of San Francisco cuisine / 
Dubliners / 
Taken / 
The biology of terrestrial molluscs / 
Men at work : labour, masculinities, development / 
Journalism and new media / 
Apágala! / 
Mi dedo meñique / 
Me fascinan las piedras / 
Carlitos friolento / 
La gatita en la maleta / 
Questions and swords : folktales of the Zapatista revolution / 
Listening to the page : adventures in reading and writing / 
90-day fitness plan / 
Great car / 
Online investing / 
Mutual fund investing / 
The ties that bind : African American and Hispanic American/Latino/a theology in dialogue / 
Ballet dancing / 
Cheerleading / 
The sheik : a novel / 
What would Buddha do at work? : 101 answers to workplace dilemmas / 
Turning the heart to God / 
We were there : A Nativity Story/ 
Perfect puppy / 
Cowboy Sam and those confounded secrets / 
God underneath : spiritual memoirs of a Catholic priest / 
Danger trail / 
Masterson / 
Dog / 
The complete short stories of Marcel Proust / 
The NAACP / 
Research on Spanish in the United States : linguistic issues and challenges / 
Edite con éxito : 
The language of animals : 7 steps to communicating with animals / 
The ultimate martial arts Q&A book : 750 expert answers to your essential questions / 
Mystery mansion : a look again book / 
Hooking up / 
Churchill's pocketbook of toxicology / 
Automotive heating and air conditioning / 
Walden Pond / 
Borderline personality disorder : the latest assessment and treatment strategies / 
Dem / 
Community, gender and violence / 
Aunt Flossie's hats (and crab cakes later) / 
Days and nights at the Second City : a memoir, with notes on staging review theatre / 
Masters of the Talmud : their lives and views / 
Befriending the beloved disciple : a Jewish reading of the Gospel of John / 
My uncle owns a deli / 
Let's go to the zoo / 
In the company of diamonds : De Beers, Kleinzee, and the control of a town / 
Never preach past noon : a Leigh Koslow mystery / 
Lavender lies : a China Bayles mystery / 
Winter palace / 
Big city eyes / 
In their footsteps / 
Chile death : a China Bayles mystery / 
Dark coulee : a Claire Watkins mystery / 
Killer angel : a short biography of Planned Parenthood's founder, Margaret Sanger / 
The Yankees century : voices and memories of the pinstripe past / 
Tales of a Scottish grandfather / 
On dreams / 
Mathematical logic and the foundations of mathematics : an introductory survey / 
Authentic color schemes for Victorian houses : Comstock's modern house painting, 1883 / 
Winnie Mae / 
Last of the medicine men / 
Fairways : 
The postcard price guide : a comprehensive reference / 
A rumpus of rhymes : a book of noisy poems / 
My home / 
The humanities in the age of technology / 
Spinal cord injury desk reference : guidelines for life care planning and case management / 
Stem cell biology / 
What the world needs now / 
The girlfriend's guide to getting your groove back : loving your family without losing your mind / 
Elmer Bischoff : the ethics of paint / 
Defending constitutional rights / 
Don't go! / 
Maps and plans / 
Games I play / 
Polar regions / 
The making of literate societies / 
The postmodern Bible reader / 
Adorno : a critical reader / 
Financial accounting : an international introduction / 
Managing multilingualism in India : political and linguistic manifestations / 
Women in post-independence Sri Lanka / 
Communication for development in the Third World : theory and practice for empowerment / 
Women, war, and peace in South Asia : beyond victimhood to agency / 
Great horror stories / 
History of the American steam fire-engine / 
The baseball timeline : in association with major league baseball / 
Chimpanzees : social climbers of the forest / 
Campaigns : a century of presidential races from the photo archives of the New York Times / 
Baboons : survivors of the African continent / 
Ultimate orchid / 
Gorillas : the greatest apes / 
The bomber / 
If I don't do it now... : career makeovers for the working woman / 
The living blood / 
Playing for keeps / 
On Aristotle's "Topics 1" / 
Endocrine pathology / 
Essentials of tropical infectious diseases / 
Pediatric anesthesia / 
The Jehovah's Witnesses and the Nazis : persecution, deportation, and murder, 1933-1945 / 
Beyond semiotics : text, culture, and technology / 
The jigs & fixtures bible : tips, tricks, and techniques for better woodworking / 
The Devil's cloth : a history of stripes and striped fabric / 
Cato handbook for Congress : 
IRA and 401(k) investing / 
Understanding consumer rights / 
Success in on-line learning / 
Grammatical interfaces in HPSG / 
Manual of I.V. therapeutics / 
Who loves you like this / 
Margaret Atwood's The handmaid's tale / 
The final triumph : what everyone should know about Jesus' glorious return / 
Learning the language of Babylon : changing the world by engaging the culture / 
Dynamic tourism : journeying with change / 
Bertrand Russell in 90 minutes / 
Marx in 90 minutes / 
How to draw / 
Music : a book of quotations / 
The call of the wild / 
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn / 
Favorite poems / 
Frankenstein / 
Christology and the New Testament : Jesus and his earliest followers / 
Hope is the thing with feathers : a personal chronicle of vanished birds / 
Slave spirituals and the Jubilee Singers / 
Peoples of an almighty god : competing religions in the ancient world / 
The man who flew the Memphis Belle : memoir of a WWII bomber pilot / 
Emergency vets / 
The ghost sitter / 
One night / 
In Maremma : life and a house in southern Tuscany / 
Ambassador of the dead : a novel / 
Jigsaw : an unsentimental education : a biographical novel / 
A legacy : a novel / 
Photography / 
How to live at the beach / 
Number sense and nonsense : building math creativity and confidence through number play / 
The science of life : projects and principles for beginning biologists / 
Stop the runaway conversation : take control over gossip and criticism / 
Caporetto, 1917 : victory or defeat? / 
Globalisation and trade : implications for exports from marginalised economies / 
Urinalysis and body fluids / 
Early Christian inscriptions of Munster : a corpus of the inscribed stones / 
Counseling today's families / 
Edgewater angels / 
Large deviations and idempotent probability / 
Pharmaceutical medicine dictionary / 
The pagan book of days : a guide to the festivals, traditions, and sacred days of the year / 
Lasso Lou and Cowboy McCoy / 
The tower at the end of the world / 
Notes on the possibilities and attractions of existence : selected poems, 1965-2000 / 
Earliest worlds : two books / 
Circle K cycles / 
Vow to poetry : essays, interviews & manifestos / 
Necessary distance : essays and criticism / 
The man who swam with beavers : stories / 
Sing your own song : a guide for single moms / 
Cyril and Methodius of Thessalonica : the acculturation of the Slavs / 
Deliverance from error and mystical union with the Almighty = al-Munq̣idh [sic] min al-ḍalāl / 
Kitchen science / 
Celebrate the seasons with quilts / 
The great American paperback : an illustrated tribute to legends of the book / 
Introduction to the psychology of music / 
Crime and punishment / 
The classical theatre of China / 
Pride and prejudice / 
101 best-loved poems / 
The BAP handbook : the official guide to the Black American Princess / 
Today I am a ma'am : and other musings on life, beauty, and growing older / 
Critical incidents : ethical issues in the prevention and treatment of addiction / 
Be the star you are! : 99 gifts for living, loving, laughing, and learning to make a difference / 
Henry James / 
I love food / 
Sharing the truth in love : how to relate to people of other faiths / 
Jesus, we adore you : prayers before the blessed sacrament / 
Blood of the martyrs, seed of the church : stories of Catholics who died for their faith / 
The summer that saved baseball : a 38-day journey to thirty major league ballparks / 
The state legal guide to nursing / 
Criminal procedure / 
Beyond technical analysis : how to develop and implement a winning trading system / 
Inside terrorist organizations / 
Making your church a place to serve : involving members the Southeast way / 
The Columbia University School of Social Work : a centennial celebration / 
The customer revolution : how to thrive when customers are in control / 
He goes, she goes : a novel / 
The complete guide to building decks : 
The complete guide to home wiring : 
Doggone Chicago : sniffing out the best places to take your best friend / 
Combating transnational crime : concepts, activities, and responses / 
Ultimate Mustang / 
S.O.S. : chilling tales of adventures on the high seas / 
Cheap frills : fabulous facelifts for your clothes / 
Dead heat / 
Ever after / 
Kentucky / 
Tennessee / 
North Carolina / 
April / 
The wildest place on earth ; Italian gardens and the invention of wilderness / 
Here but not here : a love story / 
The brothers : a novel / 
Tracer / 
Women in the comics / 
The stir-fry cookbook / 
A tale of two cities / 
Erasmus and the Age of Reformation / 
Plato : the man and his work / 
Tess of the D'Urbervilles / 
New Zealand / 
United Arab Emirates / 
Illinois / 
Virginia / 
The biomass spectrum : a predator-prey theory of aquatic production / 
Riley / 
In the heat of the night / 
Journey by the river / 
Shadow of legends / 
What's come over you? : stories / 
The man who mistook his job for a life : a chronic overachiever finds the way home / 
Ice time : a tale of fathers, sons, and hometown heroes / 
Quantum organizations : a new paradigm for achieving organizational success and personal meaning / 
Breakthrough creativity : achieving top performance using the eight creative talents / 
Jewel / 
Lance Armstrong / 
The democratic experience and political violence / 
Using maths in health sciences / 
License to drive in Illinois / 
Guys in suits : a novel / 
The granite landscape : a natural history of America's mountain domes, from Acadia to Yosemite / 
The essence of flycasting / 
Issues in health policy : 
The origins of the Greek architectural orders / 
Collective rationality and collective reasoning / 
Literature, technology, and magical thinking, 1880-1920 / 
Dostoevsky and the Christian tradition / 
Building capitalism : the transformation of the former Soviet bloc / 
Teaching counselors and therapists : constructivist and developmental course design / 
Residential environments : choice, satisfaction, and behavior / 
Clothing and jewelry / 
Food / 
The young chef's French cookbook / 
The young chef's Italian cookbook / 
The tropical rainforest / 
The Poles / 
The multiple pregnancy sourcebook : pregnancy and the first days with twins, triplets, and more / 
20 natural ways to reduce the risk of prostate cancer : a mind-body approach to well-being / 
50 ways to relieve heartburn, reflux, and ulcers / 
50 ways to manage Type 2 diabetes / 
Astrology on the job / 
Computers, pattern, chaos, and beauty : graphics from an unseen world / 
Tropical birds stencil designs / 
Befriending life : encounters with Henri Nouwen / 
The kiss / 
Father Hartke : his life and legacy to the American theater / 
Citizenship and governance in the European Union / 
Working from home / 
The grammar of ornament : illustrated by examples from various styles of ornament. / 
Daily word for couples : enriching our love in a relationship of heart and soul / 
One to one, B2B : customer development strategies for the business to business world / 
Ice Age mammoth : will this ancient giant come back to life? / 
Long day's journey into war : December 7, 1941 / 
Political morality : a theory of liberal democracy / 
The world turned upside down : medieval Japanese society / 
British and American anticommunism before the Cold War / 
The RAF and aircraft design, 1923-1939 : air staff operational requirements / 
Gandhi : the meaning of Mahatma for the millennium / 
Hamlet : a guide / 
King Lear : a guide / 
Macbeth : a guide / 
Romeo & Juliet : a guide / 
Mis-directing the play : an argument against contemporary theatre / 
Picture perfect : a novel / 
The universe / 
Ireland / 
Nicaragua / 
India / 
Zimbabwe / 
Chéri / 
Social work with groups / 
Track and field : track events / 
Modern dance / 
Ricky Martin / 
James van der Beek / 
Mariah Carey / 
Swimming / 
Great soccer : team defense / 
Great soccer : team offense / 
Variational methods for problems from plasticity theory and for generalized Newtonian fluids / 
Business networking : shaping collaboration between enterprises / 
Distributed constraint satisfaction : foundations of cooperation in multi-agent systems / 
Hidden collective factors in speculative trading : a study in analytical economics / 
Smart materials : proceedings of the 1st caesarium, Bonn, November 17-19, 1999 / 
Loeb measures in practice : recent advances / 
Electrorheological fluids : modeling and mathematical theory / 
Mathematics unlimited : 2001 and beyond / 
Pi-unleashed / 
The Contemporary Japanese economy : between civil society and corporation-centered society / 
Painlevé equations in the differential geometry of surfaces / 
Living and value : toward a constructive postmodern ethics / 
Reading simulacra : fatal theories for postmodernity / 
Taste and the household : the domestic aesthetic and moral reasoning / 
Magill's guide to military history / 
Combinatorial optimization : packing and covering / 
Abadeha : the Philippine Cinderella / 
Shades of justice : a novel / 
Pride & promiscuity : the lost sex scenes of Jane Austen / 
Come up and see me sometime / 
Weaving the word : the metaphorics of weaving and female textual production / 
On the need for an international lender of last resort / 
Pitfalls and triumphs of information technology management / 
Managing internet and intranet technologies in organizations : challenges and opportunities / 
Pension reform in the Baltics : issues and prospects / 
Snowshoe trails of California : 90 of the best routes in the Cascades & the Sierra / 
Remembering the end : Dostoevsky as prophet to modernity / 
The Sea Eagles : the Luftwaffe's maritime operations / 
Memoirs of Napoleon's Egyptian expedition / 
Born of the desert : with the S.A.S. in North Africa / 
The War of Independence : the British Army in North America, 1775-1783 / 
Submachine guns / 
Rising sun victorious : the alternate history of how the Japanese won the Pacific War / 
With Napoleon in Russia : the illustrated memoirs of Faber du Faur, 1812 / 
1813, Leipzig : Napoleon and the Battle of the Nations / 
Luftwaffe bomber aces : men, machines, methods / 
Small arms : pistols & rifles / 
Napoleon's campaign in Poland, 1806-1807 / 
The American body in context : an anthology / 
A primer in power politics / 
Retreat to victory? : Confederate strategy reconsidered / 
Tropical rainforests : Latin American nature and society in transition / 
Atlanta will fall : Sherman, Joe Johnston, and the Yankee heavy battalions / 
Recollections of Mexico : the last ten months of Maximilian's Empire / 
Talking with Harry : candid conversations with President Harry S. Truman / 
Focal points in framed games : breaking the symmetry / 
Mathematical logic for computer science / 
Mediterranean ecosystems : structures and processes / 
Greenhouse gas emissions : global business aspects / 
Biological micro- and nanotribology : nature's solutions/ 
Optical properties of photonic crystals / 
Activity analysis & application / 
Pediatric urology / 
Fundamentals of pediatric radiology / 
Clinical laboratory tests : 
Hemingway's Death in the Afternoon : the complete annotations / 
Music in Ibero-America to 1850 : a historical survey / 
Patient education and preventive medicine / 
On call : pediatrics / 
Craniofacial surgery : science and surgical technique / 
Radiologic diagnosis of diseases of the chest / 
Sisters of the academy : emergent Black women scholars in higher education / 
Making their own way : narratives for transforming higher education to promote self-development / 
Nature printing with herbs, fruits & flowers / 
Beyond leveled books : supporting transitional readers in grades 2-5 / 
Propaganda and the public mind : conversations with Noam Chomsky / 
An eye of the fleet / 
Betsy Ross / 
Baseball and the American dream : race, class, gender, and the national pastime / 
Supreme Court cases on gender and sexual equality, 1787-2001 / 
Labor in retreat : class and community among men's clothing workers of Chicago, 1871-1929 / 
Vineyard shadows : a Martha's Vineyard mystery / 
Miss Emily, the Yellow Rose of Texas : a novel / 
Navigating the Darwin Straits / 
The Pathan unarmed : opposition & memory in the North West Frontier / 
Turkish region : state, market & social identities on the east Black Sea coast / 
Star clusters / 
The geometry of Jordan and Lie structures / 
Biological soil crusts : structure, function, and management / 
The quintessential PIC microcontroller / 
An information security handbook / 
Mood food : brighten, heal, and elevate your state of mind / 
Man and boy / 
Dear Mom : what you've always wanted to thank your mother for but never got around to saying / 
Dear Dad : what you've always wanted to thank your father for but never got around to saying / 
One Aryan nation under God : how religious extremists use the Bible to justify their beliefs / 
Please send money : a financial survival guide for young adults on their own / 
Profit from the evening news : using leading economic indicators to make smart money decisions / 
Seduced by Hitler : the choices of a nation and the ethics of survival / 
Where God lives in the human brain / 
What flavor is your personality? : discover who you are by looking at what you eat / 
The discovery of happiness / 
The complete war of the worlds : Mars' invasion of Earth from H.G. Wells to Orson Welles / 
Dare to dream : verbal remedies to light you up and set you free / 
101 ways to talk to God / 
The baby boomer body book : the complete health reference for our generation / 
Supportive cancer care : the complete guide for patients and their families / 
Bathroom stuff  / 
Chelonia : return of the sea turtle : based on a true story / 
Kate Hannigan's girl : a novel / 
Wide as the waters : the story of the English Bible and the revolution it inspired / 
Bitterroot / 
Novel history : historians and novelists confront America's past (and each other) / 
True enough / 
Making memories : celebrating mothers and daughters through traditions, crafts, and lore / 
Riverbank Tweed and Roadmap Jenkins : tales from the caddie yard / 
A king's cutter / 
My first two thousand years : the autobiography of the wandering Jew / 
A brig of war / 
Auditing : a risk analysis approach / 
Foundations in strategic management / 
Advances in chickpea science / 
Biophysical processes in living systems / 
Suffering, politics, power : a genealogy in modern political theory / 
Side show : my life with geeks, freaks & vagabonds in the carny trade / 
The most valuable personal legal forms you'll ever need / 
Beauty and the beasts : woman, ape, and evolution / 
Things that must not be forgotten : a childhood in wartime China / 
The Horus Road / 
Deceit / 
The hunchback of Notre-Dame / 
Candide, Zadig, and other stories / 
The men of the mighty Eighth : the U.S. Eighth Air Force, 1942-1945 / 
A rain of lead / the siege and surrender of the British at Potchefstroom 1880-1881 / 
Neighbor law : fences, trees, boundaries & noise / 
Moon over Lake Elmo : [a novel] / 
The social contract tradition and the question of political legitimacy / 
Giovanni's room / 
The case of the dinosaur in the desert / 
Introducing cultural anthropology / 
Moments of truth / 
Free at last : experiencing true freedom through your identity in Christ / 
The therapist's Internet handbook / 
Extreme journey : 
Placing Middle English in context / 
Women on power : leadership redefined / 
The customer delight principle : exceeding customers' expectations for bottom-line success / 
Middle school, the real deal : from cafeteria food to combination locks / 
High school, the real deal : from GPAs to graduation / 
Paul Revere's midnight ride / 
How to solve word problems in mathematics / 
Anatomy and physiology for midwives / 
Politics and political change : a Journal of interdisciplinary history reader / 
Simply souper! : hearty soups from around the world / 
Irish adaptations of Greek tragedies : Dionysus in Ireland / 
The turn of the screw ; &, In the cage / 
NAHB home builder's handbook / 
Applied equity analysis : stock valuation techniques for Wall Street professionals / 
Core concepts in health / 
Environmentally induced illnesses : ethics, risk assessment, and human rights / 
Golden images : 41 essays on silent film stars / 
MCSE training kit : designing a Microsoft Windows 2000 network infrastructure : exam 70-221 / 
Welfare economics / 
North Korea in transition : prospects for economic and social reform / 
Models of the Chinese economy / 
Theodore Roosevelt on leadership : executive lessons from the bully pulpit / 
Prairie style / 
The Japanese pharmaceutical industry : the new drug lag and the failure of industrial policy / 
Empirical corporate finance / 
Java programming with CORBA : advanced techniques for building distributed aplications / 
A year in chocolate : four seasons of unforgettable desserts  / 
HVAC controls : operation & maintenance / 
Revolution in lamps : a chronicle of 50 years of progress / 
India style / 
Breast health the natural way / 
Brief family therapy homework planner / 
The rehabilitation psychology treatment planner / 
How to get the best home loan / 
Fore! play : the last American male to take up golf / 
Free agent nation : how America's new independent workers are transforming the way we live / 
Eat mangoes naked : finding pleasure everywhere and dancing with the pits! / 
Reading biblical narratives : literary criticism and the Hebrew Bible / 
Strategies for brief pastoral counseling / 
Tiger Woods : professional golfer / 
Movie science : 40 mind-expanding, reality-bending, starstruck activities for kids / 
Someone to catch my drift / 
Point deception / 
Uncommon clay / 
Kingdom of cages / 
Guide to Nantucket / 
Romantic days and nights in Boston : romantic diversions in and around the city / 
Building the Christian academy / 
The lost equilibrium : international relations in the post-Soviet era / 
Seeking safety : a treatment manual for PTSD and substance abuse / 
Guide to carbohydrate counting : a simple meal-planning method for people with diabetes / 
Subject-specific instructional methods and activities / 
The ethics of organ transplantation / 
The Metaphysical Club / 
eCommerce : a practical guide to the law / 
The Sino-American friendship as tradition and challenge : Dr. Ailie Gale in China, 1908-1950 / 
Italian pulp fiction : the new narrative of the Giovani Cannibali writers / 
Flight of the swan / 
Structured electronic design : high-performance harmonic oscillators and bandgap references / 
Modelling of environmental chemical exposure and risk / 
Economic botany : principles and practices / 
How to ace the rest of calculus : the streetwise guide / 
Madagascar wildlife : a visitor's guide / 
Adventure travel tips : advice for the adventure of a lifetime / 
Turn taking in English and Japanese : projectability in grammar, intonation, and semantics / 
Japanese fishermen's coats from Awaji Island / 
Jill Prescott's ecole de cuisine : professional cooking for the home chef / 
The lathe book : a complete guide to the machine and its accessories / 
Postmodern malpractice : a medical case study in the culture war / 
Analysis, manifolds and physics. Part II / 
Reagan, in his own hand / 
Women television producers : transformation of the male medium / 
Booktalks plus : motivating teens to read / 
Subject headings for school and public libraries : an LCSH/Sears companion / 
Quotation index to children's literature / 
A good scent from a strange mountain : stories / 
My grandmother's erotic folktales / 
Dear son, about your baby : a guide for the dad-to-be / 
Interracial America : opposing viewpoints / 
Cross purposes : the violent grammar of Christian atonement / 
The new meaning of educational change / 
Educational technology : the development of a concept / 
The joy of weight loss : a spiritual guide to easy fitness / 
Dear daughter, about your baby / 
Cultural psychiatry : Euro-international perspectives / 
The story of Palo Duro Canyon / 
Saint Paul : home for all seasons / 
Don't you dare get married until you read this : the book of questions for couples / 
Science teaching/science learning : constructivist learning in urban classrooms / 
Shakespeare's legal acquirements considered / 
The reasons of the laws of Moses : from the "More nevochim" of Maimonides / 
Elements of international law : with a sketch of the history of the science / 
Breaking autism's barriers : a father's story / 
Feminist (re)visions of the Subject: landscapes, ethnoscapes, and theoryscapes / 
Social work practice : treating common client problems / 
Quantum change : when epiphanies and sudden insights transform ordinary lives / 
Producing places / 
Too many monsters / 
A son of thunder : Patrick Henry and the American Republic / 
Downers Grove / 
The countess and the butler / 
The things we do for love / 
How Raven stole the sun / 
The everything Mother Goose book : 300 favorites kids will enjoy, again and again / 
Software fundamentals : collected papers by David L. Parnas / 
Rethinking WIC : an evaluation of the Women, Infants, and Children Program / 
At the wellspring : Jesus and the Samaritan woman / 
Cooking in cast iron : yesterday's flavors for today's kitchen / 
Bruce & Stan's guide to how it all began / 
The night Abraham called to the stars : poems / 
Wild cats & colleens : a novel / 
Therapeutic modalities for athletic injuries lab manual / 
City chicken / 
Stuart at the library / 
Fingerprints : the origins of crime detection and the murder case that launched forensic science / 
Vermeer : a view of Delft / 
A war of nerves : soldiers and psychiatrists in the twentieth century / 
Don't send a resume : and other contrarian rules to help land a great job / 
Occupation and revolution : China and the Vietnamese August revolution of 1945 / 
Ruby Holler / 
Banking law and regulation : 2000 statutory supplement with recent cases and developments / 
Measurement of mobile antenna systems / 
Very California : travels through the Golden State / 
The hero's walk : a novel / 
Technical calculus with analytic geometry / 
The jewels of Jean Schlumberger / 
The water hole / 
Reggae explosion : the story of Jamaican music / 
Sensational bouquets by Christian Tortu : arrangements by a master floral designer / 
Friction 4 : best gay erotic fiction / 
Corporeal practices : (re)figuring the body in French studies / 
The Soviet proletarian music movement / 
Hacia la novela nueva : essays on the Spanish avant-garde novel / 
A handy guide for Eucharistic ministers / 
Sailor Moo : cow at sea / 
The very first Thanksgiving Day / 
Interpersonal communication : relating to others / 
Social psychology : unraveling the mystery / 
The song of the earth : a novel / 
Diabetes & pregnancy : what to expect / 
Gestational diabetes : 
Legacy of ashes / 
Secondary neoplasias following chemotherapy, radiotherapy and immunosuppression / 
Technology planning for effective teaching and learning / 
15 days of prayer with Saint Dominic / 
American government : policy and politics / 
Fantastic beasts and where to find them / 
Quidditch through the ages / 
Symmetry, shape, and space : an introduction to mathematics through geometry / 
Content-based audio classification and retrieval for audiovisual data parsing / 
Critical care infectious diseases textbook / 
Zola : the history of capitalism / 
Fantasy, identity and misrecognition in medieval French narrative / 
Pina Bausch and the Wuppertal Dance Theater : the aesthetics of repetition and transformation / 
Stories of the academy : learning from the good mother / 
Emblem and icon in John Donne's poetry and prose / 
Readin' + writin' for the hard-hat crowd : curriculum policy at an urban university / 
A new world of writers : teaching writing in a diverse society / 
Raggin' the blues : legendary country blues and ragtime musicians / 
Monsieur d'Eon is a woman : a tale of political intrigue and sexual masquerade / 
Cellophane : plays / 
Cinderella / 
I and eye : pictures of my generation / 
Reasoning skills success con instrucciones en español / 
Folk art landscapes for every season / 
Alphabet / 
Poems 1972-1982 / 
Video compression demystified / 
Women, the First World War and the dramatic imagination : international essays (1914-1999) / 
Bader reading and language inventory / 
Let's celebrate Presidents' Day / 
Joseph Lieberman : keeping the faith / 
Battle winning tanks, aircraft & warships of World War II / 
Europe's last red terrorists : the Revolutionary Organization 17 November / 
Archaeology and prehistory / 
Structure and properties of engineering materials / 
Consumers / 
The anatomical basis of dentistry / 
Human resource strategy : a behavioral perspective for the general manager / 
Child and adolescent development for educators / 
Mazda RX-7 performance handbook / 
The killing zone : how and why pilots die / 
Somewhere else : poems / 
A cabin in a field : poems / 
Selected poetry of William Wordsworth / 
The MIT guide to teaching web site design / 
Finance and accounting for nonfinancial managers / 
Reflective planning, teaching, and evaluation : K-12 / 
Years of wandering, years of wondering / 
Keeping the edge : managing defense for the future / 
Wicca spellcraft for men : a spellbook for male pagans / 
James J. Corbett : a biography of the heavyweight boxing champion and popular theater headliner / 
Cultural anthropology : an introduction / 
The gorehound's guide to splatter films of the 1960s and 1970s / 
Guanxi : relationship marketing in a Chinese context / 
Assessment and treatment of the DWI offender / 
Family therapy and mental health : innovations in theory and practice / 
A field guide to dynamical recurrent networks / 
The biology of communication : a communibiological perspective / 
Dangerous democracy? : the battle over ballot initiatives in America / 
Teacher self : the practice of humanistic education / 
It ain't necessarily so : how media make and unmake the scientific picture of reality / 
Leaving the ivory tower : the causes and consequences of departure from doctoral study / 
Historical empathy and perspective taking in the social studies / 
Schools of recognition : identity politics and classroom practices / 
Charting a new course : the politics of globalization and social transformation / 
Corporate power and the environment : the political economy of U.S. environmental policy / 
Vulgarians at the gate : trash TV and raunch radio : raising the standards of popular culture / 
Smack dab in the middle / 
Sunsets of the West / 
Earth has no sorrow / 
Tired of being tired : rescue, repair, rejuvenate / 
Mars : a planet of myth and surprise / 
Too lazy to work, too nervous to steal : how to have a great life as a freelance writer / 
Don't try this at home / 
The botany of desire : a plant's eye view of the world / 
Zigzagging down a wild trail : stories / 
Johnny Appleseed : my story / 
Issues in music teaching / 
Evolutionary interpretations of world politics / 
Education and sociology : an encyclopedia / 
Adapting to financial globalisation / 
Towards an unknown Marx : a commentary on the manuscripts of 1861-63 / 
Digital McLuhan : a guide to the information millenium / 
Magic in the Roman world : pagans, Jews, and Christians / 
The origins and development of the Dutch revolt / 
The conscience of a liberal : reclaiming the compassionate agenda / 
Once upon a winter's night / 
Lestrade and the kiss of Horus / 
Lake Street USA / 
So what's the difference? / 
Survival and resistance / 
Renovating politics in contemporary Vietnam / 
Yoruba hometowns : community, identity, and development in Nigeria / 
Sometimes I wake up grumpy-- and sometimes I let him sleep / 
Library of Congress classification. Class KJ-KKZ. Law of Europe : cumulative schedule and index / 
Samuel Barber : a guide to research / 
Family mediation : facts, myths, and future prospects / 
Herbal remedies : a quick and easy guide to common disorders and their herbal treatments / 
Administrator's guide to technology : planning, funding & implementation / 
Effective requirements practices / 
Writing CGI application with Perl / 
A practical guide to testing object-oriented software / 
The submarine service, 1900-1918 / 
Master narratives : tellers and telling in the English novel / 
Ideology and royal power in medieval France : kingship, crusades, and the Jews / 
The cultural politics of Duke Cosimo I de'Medici / 
Blimps / 
Cargo planes / 
First flight / 
Military planes / 
Jet airliners / 
Ankylosaurus / 
Light / 
Gravity / 
Helicopters / 
Chasmosaurus / 
Dilophosaurus / 
Parasaurolophus / 
Brachiosaurus / 
Allosaurus / 
One Monday / 
Principles of biochemistry / 
Noodle man : the pasta superhero / 
Elementary signal detection theory / 
IP solutions for windows 2000 / 
Learning to think things through : a guide to critical thinking across the curriculum / 
Trinitarian theology, West and East : Karl Barth, the Cappadocian Fathers, and John Zizioulas / 
Gentrification and the enterprise culture : Britain, 1780-1980 / 
Transforming the law : essays on technology, justice, and the legal marketplace / 
Colonial women : race and culture in Stuart drama / 
The music of everyday speech : prosody and discourse analysis / 
Nations against the state : the new politics of nationalism in Quebec, Catalonia, and Scotland / 
Trends in Japanese management : continuing strengths, current problems, and changing priorities / 
Social partnership in the European Union / 
Towards democratic viability : the Bolivian experience / 
Roots of the Italian school of economics and finance : from Ferrara (1857) to Einaudi (1944) / 
Computer vision / 
Trade, development, and political economy : essays in honour of Anne O. Krueger / 
Shaikhdoms of eastern Arabia / 
Latin America between colony and nation : selected essays / 
Risk, age and pregnancy : a case study of prenatal genetic screening and testing / 
Twentieth-century Anglo-American relations / 
Claim your inner grown-up : 4 essential steps to authentic adulthood / 
Short fiction : classic and contemporary / 
MPLS and label switching networks / 
Born in the breezes : the seafaring life of Joshua Slocum / 
Still standing true / 
Polymer phase diagrams : a textbook / 
Devotional retreats : biblical meditation to open the heart and rekindle the spirit / 
How to think about the end time / 
Truths that change us inside / 
Young women and the body : a feminist sociology / 
Freedom, power, and political morality : essays for Felix Oppenheim / 
Urban planning and cultural inclusion : lessons from Belfast and Berlin / 
German agriculture in transition : society, policies, and environment in a changing Europe / 
Paediatric dentistry / 
Heat pump technology / 
Tourism : the business of travel / 
Biology : a guide to the natural world / 
Restorative justice & responsive regulation / 
Dear Santa, please come to the 19th floor / 
The land looks after us : a history of Native American religion / 
Canaan Land : a religious history of African Americans / 
Math man / 
Humour in Dutch culture of the Golden Age / 
Juan Verdades : the man who could not tell a lie / 
Jamboree Day / 
The man who saved Kabuki : Faubion Bowers and theatre censorship in occupied Japan / 
Imagining literacy : rhizomes of knowledge in American culture and literature / 
Frederick Carl Frieseke : the evolution of an American impressionist / 
Pocket guide to micronutrients in health and disease / 
Dunwoody Pond : reflections on the high plains wetlands and the cultivation of naturalists / 
Transfiguring America : myth, ideology, and mourning in Margaret Fuller's writing / 
African American satire : the sacredly profane novel / 
Wordsworth in his major lyrics : the art and psychology of self-representation / 
Rereading Conrad / 
The collected works of Langston Hughes / 
The masks of Mary Renault : a literary biography / 
Politics, philosophy, writing : Plato's art of caring for souls / 
Inside the house : former members reveal how Congress really works / 
A theological commentary to the Midrash / 
Fanny Kemble's civil wars / 
Chiefs / 
Disobedience / 
Until shadows fall : a western story / 
Claiming of the Deerfoot : a western duo / 
The outlaws : a western story / 
Stonebreaker's Ridge : a western story / 
Boone's Lick : a novel / 
The big silence : an Abe Lieberman mystery / 
America's queen : the life of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis / 
First mothers : the women who shaped the presidents / 
Undaunted spirit / 
Straight from the heart / 
A special something / 
First things first / 
And then there were two : a Dani Ross mystery / 
When night closes in / 
Marianne in the market : envisioning consumer society in fin-de-siècle France / 
Wildest Alaska : journeys of great peril in Lituya Bay / 
Cold snap as yearning / 
Kill the cowboy : a battle of mythology in the new West / 
When the land was young : reflections on American archaeology / 
Brave men / 
The game / 
Ronald Reagan : an American hero : his voice, his values, his vision / 
Pearl Harbor : December 7, 1941 : America's darkest day / 
No-brainer's guide to Jesus / 
Hide & seek / 
Romy's walk / 
Paradise found : growing tropicals in your own backyard / 
The Alamo : a cultural history / 
You can't lose 'em all : the year the Phillies finally won the World Series / 
Hematology / 
Clinical pharmacology / 
Critical care / 
Edge of danger / 
Trust fund / 
Buffalo wagons / 
Four blondes / 
Trouble on Tuesday / 
Lighthouses of Texas / 
The Perreaus and Mrs. Rudd : forgery and betrayal in eighteenth-century London / 
Fame, ain't it a bitch : confessions of a reformed gossip columnist / 
Home is where the art is : an art therapy approach to family therapy / 
The ex-wives / 
Illusion of love / 
Julie Christie / 
Days of deception / 
The Genesis of East Asia, 221 B.C.-A.D. 907 / 
Japanese sports : a history / 
Higher education : a worldwide inventory of centers and programs / 
Call me Magdalena / 
Minister to the Cherokees : a Civil War autobiography / 
Bulbophyllums and their allies : a grower's guide / 
The New York/Mid-Atlantic gardener's book of lists / 
Uncertain lives : children of promise, teachers of hope / 
The effects of the nation : Mexican art in an age of globalization / 
The Queen and Di / 
Cats in concord / 
Work from the inside out : seven steps to loving what you do / 
From good will to civil rights : transforming federal disability policy / 
The making of Asian America through political participation / 
Sophie and the shofar : a New Year's story / 
Bat loves the night / 
I am not sleepy and I will not go to bed / 
Jim's lion / 
Bringing down the moon / 
The book of beasts / 
Sleepy Pendoodle / 
Has anyone here seen William? / 
Beep! beep! It's Beeper! / 
Shakespeare : his work and his world / 
Toolbox No. 1 : using visitation to support permanency ; toolboxes for permanency / 
Art nouveau and the social vision of modern living : Belgian artists in a European context / 
The politics of moral capital / 
Critical space / 
Among the missing / 
Dark star / 
Helen hath no fury : an Amanda Pepper mystery / 
Serpent gate : a Kevin Kerney novel / 
Hermit's peak : a Kevin Kerney novel / 
Relative sins / 
The contemporary crossword dictionary / 
Death from the woods / 
The dynamics of military revolution, 1300-2050 / 
Bitter instinct / 
Conflict in California / 
Heart to heart : deepening women's friendships at midlife / 
The dark side of the force : economic foundations of conflict theory / 
Feathers from my nest : a mother's reflections / 
Secrets of the Tsil Café : a novel with recipes / 
The macro polity / 
The navigation of feeling : a framework for the history of emotions / 
Introduction to numerical analysis / 
Repair your own credit / 
The e-business book : a step-by-step guide to e-commerce and beyond / 
Labor, capital, and finance : international flows / 
Mountain gorillas : three decades of research at Karisoke / 
High-speed heterostructure devices : from device concepts to circuit modeling / 
Mi primer libro de oraciones / 
Courage : the heart and spirit of every woman : reclaiming the forgotten virtue / 
The Royal Marsden Hospital handbook of wound management in cancer care / 
Neuropsychiatry : an introductory approach / 
Kinematic MRI of the joints : functional anatomy, kinesiology, and clinical applications / 
Squeak's good idea / 
Robert Morris and angst / 
Christianity under Islam in Jerusalem : the question of the holy sites in early Ottoman times / 
Flight and freedom in the ancient Near East / 
Who built the pyramid? / 
The philosophical strangler / 
Pond monster! / 
Ships and men in the late Viking Age : the vocabulary of runic inscriptions and skaldic verse / 
The best a man can get : a novel of fatherhood and its discontents / 
Introducing Christian education : foundations for the twenty-first century / 
Statistical methods for psychology / 
The day the voices stopped : a memoir of madness and hope / 
Managing clinical supervision : ethical practice and legal risk management / 
New directions in sex therapy : innovations and alternatives / 
History and interpretation in New Testament perspective / 
Practical Spanish in eyecare / 
Stroke therapy / 
The performance factor : unlocking the secrets of teamwork / 
Representation in religion : studies in honor of Moshe Barasch / 
The DNA of God? / 
On purpose leadership : multiplying your ministry by becoming a leader of leaders / 
Hot Johnny (and the women who loved him) / 
For the love of Ireland : a literary companion for readers and travelers / 
Language, print, and electoral politics, 1790-1832 : Newcastle-under-Lyme broadsides / 
Facing judicial discretion : legal knowledge and right answers revisited / 
Psyche's seeds : the twelve sacred principles of soul-based psychology / 
Quarterlife crisis : the unique challenges of life in your twenties / 
The human image of God / 
Mathematical methods on optimization in transportation systems / 
Mary Lee's natural health & beauty : healthy living with essential oils / 
Vogue knitting toddler knits / 
Vogue knitting chunky knits / 
Simplicity from a monastery kitchen : a complete menu cookbook for all occasions / 
Flag in exile / 
Immunology for the boards and wards / 
Glucocorticoids / 
Resuscitation in primary care / 
Dorsaneo's Texas pretrial procedure / 
Daily word for families : linking my heart with those I love / 
Poverty reduction and the World Bank : 
Social protection sector strategy : 
The economics of gender in Mexico : work, family, state, and market / 
East Asian labor markets and the economic crisis : impacts, responses & lessons / 
Prudential supervision : what works and what doesn't / 
Documentary history of the Franklin D. Roosevelt presidency / 
The archaeology of traditions : agency and history before and after Columbus / 
The forest of wild hands / 
Uncommon soldiers : Harvey Reid and the 22nd Wisconsin march with Sherman / 
ENIAC : the triumphs and tragedies of the world's first computer / 
Armitage's manual of annuals, biennials, and half-hardy perennials / 
Jerry Yang and David Filo : chief yahoos of Yahoo! / 
Linus Torvalds : software rebel / 
Organic pollutants : an ecotoxicological perspective / 
A student's guide to the study of history / 
The families of Malesian moths and butterflies / 
Synopsis of cardiac physical diagnosis / 
Practical WAP : developing applications for the wireless Web / 
Prime time : the African American woman's complete guide to midlife health and wellness / 
Salmonella : a practical approach to the organism and its control in foods / 
The informed woman's guide to breast health : breast changes that are not cancer / 
Film & video budgets / 
Steal away : journeying toward spiritual maturity / 
Why men don't listen & women can't read maps : how we're different and what to do about it / 
The new worship : straight talk on music and the church / 
The journey / 
The encyclopedia of American political history / 
Goose in the pond : a Benni Harper mystery / 
Sermons and discourses, 1734-1738 / 
Careers for new agers & other cosmic types / 
Careers for hard hats & other constructive types / 
Opportunities in forensic science careers / 
The path of loneliness : finding your way through the wilderness to God / 
Anarchy / 
Las mamis : escritores latinos recuerdan a sus madres / 
Stop clutter from stealing your life : discover why you clutter and how you can stop / 
Phonics in proper perspective / 
The Pettys : triumphs & tragedies of auto racing's first family / 
Electric machinery and power system fundamentals / 
Dostoevsky's "Idiot" : dialogue and the spiritually good life / 
Play-doh art projects / 
Lots of grandparents / 
MCSE training kit : designing a Microsoft Windows 2000 directory services infrastructure / 
Phonics for the teacher of reading : programmed for self-instruction / 
Abba Father : understanding and using the Lord's prayer / 
Cheaters / 
Noah's children : restoring the ecology of childhood / 
Layout index / 
The architecture of Corbusier and Kahn in the east : a philosophical inquiry / 
Collecting model car and truck kits / 
The treasury of Basel Cathedral / 
Geometric designs / 
Maximum fat loss / 
A fifth of November / 
9 routes to success for schools / 
Principles and practice of implant dentistry / 
Living well with macular degeneration : practical tips and essential information / 
Angel in black : a Nathan Heller novel / 
Chemistry / 
Human physiology / 
A resource guide for elementary school teaching : planning for competence / 
Deux mondes : a communicative approach / 
Squirt boating & beyond : how to rip in anything that squirts / 
Eros and chaos : the sacred mysteries and dark shadows of love / 
Modern U.S. Navy destroyers / 
Just in case you ever wonder / 
Mosby's color atlas and text of pediatrics and child health / 
The train now departing : two novellas / 
Painting crystal and flowers in watercolor / 
Connections : nursing research, theory, and practice / 
DVD demystified / 
Fuzzy logic techniques for autonomous vehicle navigation / 
Ordinary mysteries : rediscovering the rosary / 
Personal impressions / 
Ex libris : photographs and constructs / 
The city / 
Prince Eagle / 
Introduction to human resource management : theory and practice / 
The romantic idea of a university : England and Germany, 1770-1850 / 
Witchcraft in Europe and the New World, 1400-1800 / 
The Bundesbank myth  : towards a critique of central bank independence / 
Adapting the United Nations to a postmodern era / 
Politics on the couch : citizenship and the internal life / 
Shetland breeds : lessons in husbandry and history / 
Population and economic change in East Asia / 
Romanticism and the vocation of childhood / 
The North Korean system in the Post-Cold War era / 
Plagues and politics : infectious disease and international policy / 
Pen vs. paintbrush : Girodet, Balzac, and the myth of Pygmalion in post-revolutionary France / 
Africa and Asia in comparative economic perspective / 
Mexico and the foreign policy of Napoleon III / 
Political communications transformed : from Morrison to Mandelson / 
The frontiers of the European Union / 
Puerilities : erotic epigrams of The Greek anthology / 
Boca Rococo : how Addison Mizner invented Florida's gold coast / 
Pillsbury 30-minute meals : 230 simple and flavorful recipes for everyday cooking / 
Sustaining liberal democracy : ecological challenges and opportunities / 
Styles Bridges : Yankee senator / 
Gaining and sustaining competitive advantage / 
Effective supervision : a guidebook for supervisors, team leaders, and work coaches / 
The western heritage / 
Mass transfer / 
All in the family... business : a personal memoir and corporate history / 
Geography : a global synthesis / 
Ethics and the kidney / 
The Oxford guide to people & places of the Bible / 
Lessing's philosophy of religion and the German enlightenment / 
The Zen of international relations : IR theory from East to West / 
Passionate engines : what emotions reveal about mind and artificial intelligence / 
Statutes of liberty : the New York school of poets / 
Financial markets : imperfect information and risk management / 
Internet resource guide for nurses and health care professionals / 
Lacan's seminar on "anxiety" : an introduction / 
Development economics : from the poverty to the wealth of nations / 
Post-Hellenistic philosophy : a study of its development from the Stoics to Origen / 
The ethics of nationalism / 
Against Timarchos / 
From cosmogony to exorcism in a Javanese genesis : the spilt seed / 
Verdi in performance : 
Count Marcellinus and his chronicle / 
The poems of Callimachus / 
Beyond employment : changes in work and the future of labour law in Europe / 
Modelling the Middle Ages : the history and theory of England's economic development / 
Homer beside himself : para-narratives in the Iliad / 
UK drugs unlimited : new research and policy lessons on illicit drug use / 
Hot and cold : 
Beyond the Rubicon : Romans and Gauls in Republican Italy / 
Chryselephantine statuary in the ancient Mediterranean world / 
Anthropology and history in Franche-Comté : a critique of social theory / 
Teaching for a change : a transformational approach to education / 
A first course in wavelets with Fourier analysis / 
Whatever happened to the Reformation? / 
Birdbrain Amos / 
The face of truth : lifting the veil / 
The forgotten Desert Mothers : sayings, lives, and stories of early Christian women / 
Adobe Photoshop 6 : introduction to digital images / 
Putting the truth to work : the theory and practice of biblical application / 
Mr. Lincoln's way / 
Sickle cell disease / 
Abortion before birth control : the politics of reproduction in postwar Japan / 
Enduring justice / 
Crosstown / 
The adventure / 
Others / 
Public sector reform : an international perspective / 
Anna Gaskell : story / 
The mechanisms of atmospheric oxidation of aromatic hydrocarbons / 
Some novel types of fractal geometry / 
In the neighborhood / 
A history of top management in Japan : managerial enterprises and family enterprises / 
Student teaching and field experiences handbook / 
Unified modeling language : systems analysis, design and development issues / 
The history and heritage of Victoria County / 
Accident : a day's news / 
Native American weapons / 
Beltane : springtime rituals, lore & celebration / 
Rise and progress of universities and, Benedictine essays / 
Profiles in journalistic courage / 
Military foundations of Panamanian politics / 
The liberal state & the politics of virtue / 
Greater Boston : adapting regional traditions to the present / 
Sovereign fantasies : Arthurian romance and the making of Britain / 
Biology, medicine, and surgery of South American wild animals / 
Peak performance for aerobatics / 
Internet marketing research : theory and practice / 
The cat who smelled a rat / 
Kill the shogun : a samurai mystery / 
Murder can singe your old flame : a Desiree Shapiro mystery / 
Ruff way to go / 
Knockabeg : a famine tale / 
The street of clocks / 
All we know of heaven / 
Love and modern medicine : stories / 
Let's make something fun! / 
Baseball skills & drills : American Baseball Coaches Association / 
Come to my party! / 
The sovereigns : a Jewish family in the German countryside / 
The deconstruction of time / 
Mind and mechanism / 
The war within you : overcoming the obstacles to godly character / 
Anthropologist : scientist of the people / 
Caring classrooms/intelligent schools : the social emotional education of young children / 
Retro rods  / 
Porsche : the road cars / 
Joy to the world : painting holiday heirlooms / 
Glory denied : the saga of Jim Thompson, America's longest-held prisoner of war / 
Multimedia : from Wagner to virtual reality / 
Jeep / 
Exploring the moral heart of teaching : toward a teacher's creed / 
The complete poetry of James Hearst / 
I thought of Daisy / 
Mosby's clinical skills for medical assistants / 
Overcoming traumatic stress : a self-help guide to using cognitive behavioral techniques / 
Overcoming social anxiety and shyness : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques / 
Overcoming panic : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques / 
The miracle life of Edgar Mint : a novel / 
The evolution explosion : how humans cause rapid evolutionary change / 
Love on trial : an American scandal in black and white / 
Rejuvenation : strategies for living younger, longer & better / 
Wild girls : the path of the young goddess / 
Regions and landscapes : reality and imagination in late medieval and early modern Europe / 
Managing international rivers : problems, politics and institutions / 
Lectures on the growth of criminal law in ancient communities / 
Latin phrases and maxims : collected from the institutional and other writers on Scotch law / 
The expansion of the common law / 
The United States of America : a study in international organization / 
A fragment on government / 
The book of fours : a historie of the four Slayers, this being their first adventure / 
The Lincoln trail in Pennsylvania : a history and guide / 
The war in Korea : the U.S. Army in Korea, 1950-1953 / 
Critical care nursing of infants and children / 
Critical care nursing of the elderly  / 
Kick butts! : a kid's action guide to a tobacco-free America / 
Guardians of the republic : a history of the noncommissioned officer corps of the U.S. Army / 
Owls / 
As far as I can see / 
The way in : journal writing for self-discovery / 
Christmas after all : the Great Depression diary of Minnie Swift / 
Davy Crockett / 
The human tradition in Texas / 
Practicing presence : the spirituality of caring in everyday life / 
Pentax ZX-7, ZX-30 / 
The discovery of time / 
The farmers' market guide to fruit / 
The farmers' market guide to vegetables / 
Living organic : easy steps to an organic family lifestyle / 
Lip smackin' jams and jellies / 
Unlock your personal potential : a self-coaching workbook / 
Zen and the art of well-being / 
Zen and the art of travel / 
Zen and the art of gardening / 
Farmhand's favorite pies / 
The agony and the eggplant : Daniel Pinkwater's heroic struggles in the name of YA literature / 
Early Karaite grammatical texts / 
The winemaker's marsh : four seasons in a restored wetland / 
Professional discipline of Wisconsin attorneys : 
Communication skills for working with elders / 
Quickbooks Pro 2000 for accounting / 
A primer on mental disorders : a guide for educators, families, and students / 
AAACN core curriculum for ambulatory care nursing / 
Information, knowledge, text / 
Now what do I do? : things they never taught in library school: a book of case studies / 
The ABC complete book of school surveys / 
Candle crafts / 
Decorative cross-stitch borders / 
The little giant encyclopedia of proverbs / 
Great decks & porches : a step-by-step guide / 
Stained glass workshop / 
Wolf medicine : Native American shamanic journey into the mind / 
Decorative cross-stitch alphabets / 
The newspapers handbook / 
The many faces of evil : historical perspectives / 
Women, gender, and labour migration : historical and global perspectives / 
Seals / 
Tigers / 
Whales / 
Sound / 
Pandas / 
Rhinoceros / 
Elephants / 
Human resource management : essential perspectives / 
A good horse has no color : searching Iceland for the perfect horse / 
Financial accounting / 
Management accounting / 
Accounting concepts & applications / 
Perfect party games / 
The little giant book of dinosaurs / 
Super silly riddles / 
Environmental health and housing / 
Night train : poems / 
Flatbellies : it's not about golf, it's about life / 
Community literacy programs and the politics of change / 
Dubliners / 
Washington Irving's Rip Van Winkle and other stories : 
After the war / 
The generations of Corning : the life and times of a global corporation / 
A practical companion to ethics / 
What am I? : Descartes and the mind-body problem / 
The politics of ethnicity in settler societies : states of unease / 
The political economy of nature : environmental debates and the social sciences / 
Environmental policy in the European Union / 
Small countries in a global economy : new challenges and opportunities / 
Intangibles in competition and cooperation : Euro-Asian perspectives / 
Smell : a novel / 
Wild with it : poems / 
Comfa religion and Creole language in a Caribbean community / 
Looking beyond the mask : when American women marry Japanese men / 
Symbolic algebraic methods and verification methods / 
Instance selection and construction for data mining / 
Estimating abundance of African wildlife : an aid to adaptive management / 
Basic training in chemistry / 
The emerging consensus in social systems theory / 
Dynamic assessment of young children / 
Technology, science teaching, and literacy : a century of growth / 
Trends in research in Ephemeroptera and Plecoptera / 
Developmental psychobiology / 
Lawyers and the constitution : how laissez faire came to the Supreme Court / 
An essay on equity in Pennsylvania / 
Law and markets in United States history : different modes of bargaining among interests / 
Personal reminiscences of early days in California : with other sketches / 
Basal ganglia and thalamus in health and movement disorders / 
Jewish hearts : a study of dynamic ethnicity in the United States and the Soviet Union / 
Venice and the Slavs : the discovery of Dalmatia in the Age of Enlightenment / 
The ABC complete book of school marketing / 
Peter Greenaway's postmodern/poststructuralist cinema / 
Mathematical modeling in optical science / 
Principles of lithography / 
Picnic : 125 recipes with 29 seasonal menus / 
Historical dictionary of Sydney / 
The Marilyn Harris cooking school cookbook / 
Genesis : a portrait of a spinal cord injury / 
The Adam of two Edens : selected poems / 
Beyond friendship and Eros : unrecognized relationships between men and women / 
Constructing international relations : the next generation / 
Stirring the waters : writing to find your spirit / 
The Empirical turn in the philosophy of technology / 
Workshop statistics : discovery with data, a Bayesian approach / 
The Prince who ran away : the story of Gautama Buddha / 
Blossom and Boo stay up late : a story about bedtime / 
Ever closer partnership : policy-making in US-EU relations / 
Psychiatric issues in epilepsy : a practical guide to diagnosis and treatment / 
Basic steps in planning nursing research : from question to proposal / 
Critical pathways in cardiology / 
Strange stories for strange kids / 
Literacy as snake oil : beyond the quick fix / 
The intimate stranger : meetings with the devil in nineteenth-century Russian literature / 
Contemporary African American cinema / 
Curriculum intertext : place, language, pedagogy / 
Eliot's early criticism : philosophical explorations into The sacred wood : a reconsideration / 
The rule of Saint Benedict / 
The sacraments : the Word of God at the mercy of the body / 
The sacrament of reconciliation / 
Word and soul : a psychological, literary, and cultural reading of the Fourth Gospel / 
Prolactin / 
Hoot and Holler / 
The parent's guide to the proper psychological care and feeding of the competitive swimmer / 
Eco-geography / 
The emotional man and the problem of collective action / 
Understanding MARC bibliographic : machine-readable cataloging / 
The official rules of hockey / 
Legal counseling and negotiating : a practical approach / 
Classical fighting arts of Japan : a complete guide to koryū jūjutsu / 
Banking law survey, 1999/2000 / 
Robustness in language and speech technology / 
Measuring and monitoring children's well-being / 
Paradise postponed : Johann Heinrich [Alsted] and the birth of Calvinist millenarianism / 
Cisco unauthorized : inside the high-stakes race to own the future / 
In Cuba I was a German shepherd / 
Sexscopes : how to seduce, stimulate, and satisfy any sign / 
Lost in America : how you and your church can impact the world next door / 
Perspectives on Korean unification and economic integration / 
Beaufort : the duke and his duchess, 1657-1715 / 
Philip V of Spain : the king who reigned twice / 
The thank you book / 
Berry smudges and leaf prints : finding and making colors from nature / 
GIS and remote sensing techniques in land- and water-management / 
Transportation systems engineering : theory and methods / 
Separation, preconcentration, and spectrophotometry in inorganic analysis / 
Frontal-subcortical circuits in psychiatric and neurological disorders / 
Coram boy / 
Raga six : a novel / 
The O'Reilly factor : the good, bad, and completely ridiculous in American life / 
The westerners : frontier stories / 
Wayfaring strangers : a frontier story / 
Silent to the bone / 
Blood and guile / 
Ride to glory : a Western quartet / 
From Walden Pond to Jurassic Park : activism, culture, & American studies / 
Analysing the language of discourse communities / 
Patterns of destiny : narrative structures of foundation and doom in the Hebrew Bible / 
Investments : spot and derivatives markets / 
Patent strategy for researchers and research managers / 
Pipelines and risers / 
Glencoe medical assisting review ; passing the CMA and RMA exams / 
Alzheimer's disease : advances in etiology, pathogenesis and therapeutics / 
Drug-receptor thermodynamics : introduction and applications / 
Too funny to be president / 
The anatomy of swearing / 
The history of the Mongol conquests / 
The world's room / 
Cultural curiosity : thirteen stories about the search for Chinese roots / 
Professional genealogy : a manual for researchers, writers, editors, lecturers, and librarians / 
ISES 1999 Solar World Congress, Jerusalem, Israel, July 4-9, 1999 : conference proceedings / 
Enduring creation : art, pain, and fortitude / 
AAAS atlas of population & environment / 
Eating right in the Renaissance / 
Learning from international public management reform / 
The quindecile : the astrology & psychology of obsession / 
Directors and officers liability : prevention, insurance, and indemnification / 
A time for magick : planetary hours for meditations, rituals & spells / 
Medical care output and productivity / 
Constitutional amendments : from freedom of speech to flag burning / 
Money and the corrosion of power in Thucydides : the Sicilian expedition and its aftermath / 
The invention and decline of Israeliness : state, society, and the military / 
Ball, bat, and bishop : the origin of ball games / 
Mao's China and the cold war / 
The gift of the Nile : hellenizing Egypt from Aeschylus to Alexander / 
Woodpeckers / 
Wild dogs / 
Turkeys / 
Toads / 
Scorpions / 
Rays / 
Rattlesnakes / 
Rats / 
Platypus / 
Pikas / 
Parrotfish / 
New World monkeys / 
Jaguars / 
Iguanas / 
Grasshoppers / 
Butterflies / 
Boobies / 
Beetles / 
Baboons / 
Albatrosses / 
Sea otters / 
Carl Sagan : astronomer / 
Internet QoS : architectures and mechanisms for quality of service / 
Perinatal nursing / 
Shaquille O'Neal : man of steel / 
Between deflationism & correspondence theory / 
Managing for change : leadership, strategy, and management in Asian NGOs / 
Transboundary risk management / 
Dictionary of environmental economics / 
Urban development and civil society : the role of communities in sustainable cities / 
Doors to the sacred : a historical introduction to sacraments in the Catholic Church / 
Electric light / 
Just one kiss / 
If you take a mouse to school / 
Slim and Jim / 
Sleepy time Olie / 
Miss Undine's living room / 
Reporting World War II : American journalism, 1938-1946. / 
The hard blue sky / 
The book of changes / 
The Hasidic parable / 
Feminist visual culture / 
Tourism and political boundaries / 
In their time : a history of feminism in Western society / 
Transgenics in endocrinology / 
Male sexual function : a guide to clinical management / 
Fatty acids : physiological and behavioral functions / 
Paradise County / 
The gang that couldn't shoot straight / 
Eye of the storm / 
Dream country / 
Cool careers for girls in law / 
Elements of biblical exegesis : a basic guide for students and ministers / 
On her doorstep / 
The woman at Ox-Yoke : a Western duo / 
In the land of little sticks : North-Western stories / 
Self-promotion for the creative person : get the word out about who you are and what you do / 
Evaluation and poverty reduction / 
The impact of the gene : from Mendel's peas to designer babies / 
The transparent leader / 
Turning sixty : poems / 
Chum / 
A geography of saints : a memoir / 
To repel ghosts : five sides in B minor / 
At play in the promised land / 
Firestorm / 
Chosen / 
God's dawn for every darkness : morning-fresh glimpses into His gracious heart / 
Hearing the Master's voice : the comfort and confidence of knowing God's will / 
Fugitive kind / 
Pharmacy practice manual : a guide to the clinical experience / 
The Christian traveler's companion. Western Europe / 
His needs, her needs : building an affair-proof marriage / 
Mole and Shrew find a clue / 
Extraterrestrial life : are we alone? / 
Music is / 
Taking your camera to China / 
Taking your camera to Argentina / 
Taking your camera to India / 
Taking your camera to Vietnam / 
Taking your camera to South Africa / 
Taking your camera to Germany / 
Rain forests : our impact on the planet / 
Sea kayaker's savvy paddler : more than 500 tips for better kayaking / 
Edible wild plants and herbs / 
Selene Yeager's perfectly fit : 8 weeks to a sleek and sexy body / 
Halloween night / 
Crisis and recovery in Malaysia : the role of capital control / 
Environmental costs and liberalization in European air transport : a welfare economic analysis / 
Transport and environment : in search of sustainable solutions / 
The clarity of Scripture : history, theology & contemporary literary studies / 
Caring for sexually abused children : a handbook for families & churches / 
Viktor Frankl's contribution to spirituality and aging / 
Publishing in Yugoslavia's successor states / 
Total wealth : lifetime wealth and lifelong security / 
Lady of light / 
With love from Bliss : a novel / 
Improving Army planning for future multinational coalition operations / 
Relating ranges and airspace to Air Combat Command mission and training / 
A decision support system for evaluating ranges and airspace / 
The 7 o'clock bedtime / 
Voicing concerns : contemporary Chinese critical inquiry / 
Mars : the lure of the red planet / 
Integrated learning for ERP success : a learning requirements planning approach / 
Becoming little women : a novel about Louisa May at Fruitlands / 
Seventeen syllables and other stories / 
Debating women's equality : toward a feminist theory of law from a European perspective / 
Man and the environment : a study of St. Symeon the New Theologian / 
Discerning the signs of the times : the vision of Elisabeth Behr-Sigel / 
Spooky sleep-out / 
Persuasion / 
The dearly departed : a novel / 
The language of cells : life as seen under the microscope / 
Descartes's metaphysical reasoning / 
Consensualism in principle : on the foundations of non-consequentialist moral reasoning / 
Rethinking resource management : justice, sustainability and indigenous peoples / 
The fundamental institutions of capitalism / 
Reluctant capitalists : Russia's journey through market transition / 
Pragmatism, feminism, and democracy : rethinking the politics of American history / 
The complete critical guide to Geoffrey Chaucer / 
The performing school : managing, teaching, and learning in a performance culture / 
A deacon's heart : the new United Methodist diaconate / 
Christian witness in a postmodern world / 
Fix schools first : blueprint for achieving learning standards / 
Creative projects with LEGO mindstorms / 
Transcending neoliberalism : community-based development in Latin America / 
Massachusetts domestic relations / 
Political ideologies and the democratic ideal / 
Strategies for success : a practical guide to learning English / 
Teaching and researching translation / 
Sociolinguistics and social theory / 
California government and politics today / 
Case histories in international politics / 
No news is bad news : radio, television, and the public / 
The island of lost maps : a true story of cartographic crime / 
Hozho : walking in beauty : Native American stories of inspiration, humor, and life / 
Lady Buckaroo : a western story / 
The masterman : a north-western story / 
The peril trek : a western trio / 
Integrated treatment of psychiatric disorders / 
Health care USA : understanding its organization and delivery / 
Automatic control for food processing systems / 
Introductory textbook of psychiatry / 
Somatoform and factitious disorders / 
PTSD in children and adolescents / 
Tube feeding : practical guidelines and nursing protocols / 
Concise guide to women's mental health / 
The Dorothy Dunnett companion / 
Stars and bars / 
Motivational styles in everyday life : a guide to reversal theory / 
War and our world / 
Reading myself and others / 
Dhalgren / 
Neuropathology and genetics of dementia / 
Nonsmooth/nonconvex mechanics : modeling, analysis, and numerical methods / 
Science with Minisat 01 / 
The iceberg in the mist : northern research in pursuit of a "Little Ice Age" / 
Professional rescuer CPR / 
West meets East : Mies van der Rohe / 
Statistical analysis of extreme values : from insurance, finance, hydrology, and other fields / 
Arise and shine forth : 
Supervising the counsellor : a cyclical model / 
Parenting guide to toilet training : with a story for you and your child to share / 
Irrational exuberance / 
A parent's guide to 4th grade : how to ensure your child's success / 
The military advantage / 
Your career : coach yourself to success / 
Benefiting from thermal and mechanical simulation in micro-electronics / 
Analyzing the labor force : concepts, measures, and trends / 
Principles of forensic mental health assessment / 
Durham's place names of California's Eastern Sierra : includes Alpine, Inyo & Mono counties / 
Coastal processes : with engineering applications / 
Recasting American liberty : gender, race, law, and the railroad revolution, 1865-1920 / 
Small corpus studies and ELT : theory and practice / 
Linguistic politeness across boundaries : the case of Greek and Turkish / 
A concise history of Poland / 
The success of India's democracy / 
RUS' : a comprehensive course in Russian / 
Playing companies and commerce in Shakespeare's time / 
The first quarto of Othello / 
The psychology of cultural experience / 
Eyes wide open : looking for God in popular culture / 
What will we do? : preparing a school community to cope with crises / 
Risk communication : a mental models approach / 
How to prepare for the COOP HSPT, Catholic high school entrance examinations / 
Chronicles from the environmental justice frontline / 
Reading and writing public documents : problems, solutions, and characteristics / 
Globalization and the politics of development in the Middle East / 
A statistical history of the American electorate / 
Controversies in voting behavior / 
School-based play therapy / 
Building customer-based project organizations / 
Managing and using information systems : a strategic approach / 
Living silence : Burma under military rule / 
Victims, perpetrators or actors? : gender, armed conflict and political violence / 
Georg Büchner's Woyzeck : a history of its criticism / 
A companion to the works of Rainer Maria Rilke / 
Barrett's esophagus and esophageal adenocarcinoma / 
Blackwell's primary care essentials. Urology / 
Rad tech's guide to equipment operation and maintenance / 
Real estate loans / 
Mortgage payments / 
All about techniques in illustration / 
A nation transformed : England after the Restoration / 
The Cambridge history of nineteenth-century music / 
He leads me beside still waters : a forty-day journey toward rest for your soul / 
Mary Hunt's cheapskate gourmet : creating fabulous meals for a fraction of the cost / 
P.s. : a novel / 
Hunting warbirds : the obsessive quest for the lost aircraft of World War II / 
Perdido Street Station / 
Blade of Tyshalle / 
Bourdillon's spinal manipulation / 
Uncommon grammar cloth / 
A trauma artist : Tim O'Brien and the fiction of Vietnam / 
Iron Lake : a Cork O'Connor mystery / 
Building design management / 
Barron's how to prepare for A+ certification / 
Pocket diagnosis in general surgery : a companion to Lecture notes on general surgery / 
BrainChip for microbiology / 
Christians and Jews in the Ottoman Arab world : the roots of sectarianism / 
The pilgrim city : social and political ideas in the writings of St. Augustine of Hippo / 
Violence in early modern Europe, 1500-1800 / 
"Dear BBC" : children, television storytelling, and the public sphere / 
Modernist fiction, cosmopolitanism and the politics of community / 
Asymptotics and Mellin-Barnes integrals / 
A guide to first-passage processes / 
Decision space : multidimensional utility analysis / 
The unfinished revolution : social movement theory and the gay and lesbian movement / 
Wittgenstein : biography and philosophy / 
Deadliest enemies : law and the making of race relations on and off Rosebud Reservation / 
Animal healing and vibrational medicine / 
Fair representation : meeting the ideal of one man, one vote / 
Chosen and highly favored : a woman's sacred call to holiness / 
Organizing the spontaneous : citizen protest in postwar Japan / 
The U.S. Constitution and you / 
Volkswagen Jetta, Golf, GTI, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 : 
Vegan deli : wholesome ethnic fast food / 
Mathematical statistics with applications / 
A first course in the finite element method / 
British literature, 1640-1789 : an anthology / 
Fungi as biocontrol agents : progress problems and potential / 
How we hear music : the relationship between music and the hearing mechanism / 
Digestive physiology of pigs : proceedings of the 8th Symposium / 
Discovering Minnesota / 
Discovering Washington, D.C. / 
Discovering Ohio / 
Discovering Pennsylvania / 
Permafrost response on economic development, environmental security and natural resources / 
Probabilistic and statistical methods in computer science / 
Operational amplifiers : theory and design / 
Situating Mallarmé / 
Practical math success : con instrucciones en Español / 
Family-focused behavioral pediatrics / 
Monsters of the sea / 
The pastor's guide to weddings & funerals / 
Thomas Wolfe and the politics of modernism / 
Der letzte Augenblick der hübschen Idylle : die Problematisierung der Idylle bei Wilhelm Raabe / 
Oriental Lawrence : the quest for the secrets of sex / 
Alternative schooling for African American youth : does anyone know we're here? / 
Go to the sources : Lucy Maynard Salmon and the teaching of history / 
New possibilities for early childhood education : stories from our nontraditional students / 
Billy Ray's farm : essays / 
Clay's quilt : a novel / 
Dear Dan-- : apologies from an imperfect world / 
American constitutional law : powers and liberties / 
Breaking barriers : an African American family & the Methodist story / 
Bosonic strings : a mathematical treatment / 
Men with sexual problems and what women can do to help them / 
A brief history of the Jewish people / 
MPLS : implementing the technology / 
Perl debugged / 
The edge of dark : a sense of place in the writings of Michael McLaverty and Sam Hanna Bell / 
Counseling based on process research : applying what we know / 
Ethan Frome ; & Summer / 
A grammar of Udihe / 
Hooked : five addicts challenge our misguided drug rehab system / 
The Falklands/Malvinas case : breaking the deadlock in the Anglo-Argentine sovereignty dispute / 
MCSE training kit : migrating from Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 to Microsoft Windows 2000 / 
Decisions and evidence in medical practice / 
Living our language : Ojibwe tales & oral histories / 
The God catchers : experiencing the manifest presence of God / 
Handbook of nondestructive evaluation / 
Soundscapes : exploring music in a changing world / 
Soundscapes classical : case studies from the Western classical repertory / 
The shot heard round the world : the battles of Lexington and Concord / 
The Catholic Church : a short history / 
Damned souls in a tobacco colony : religion in seventeenth-century Virginia / 
Six British travellers in America, 1919-1941 / 
The silent woman : a novel / 
Successful direct marketing methods / 
Preparing for the project management professional (PMP) certification exam / 
Network programming with Perl / 
The science and techniques of judging dogs / 
The law of debtors and creditors : text, cases, and problems / 
Property : examples and explanations / 
Hard drive : cyber fantasies come to life when men hook up on the Net / 
Textbook : research and writing / 
Reconciliation of family and work in Eastern European countries / 
Frederick William Maitland and the history of English law / 
Dispersion in heterogeneous geological formations / 
Eternal Egypt : masterworks of ancient art from the British Museum / 
The promised key / 
Adventures in guidance : how to integrate fun into your guidance program / 
Reactor dosimetry : radiation metrology and assessment / 
Does God help? : developmental and clinical aspects of religious belief / 
Hungers and compulsions : the psychodynamic treatment of eating disorders and addictions / 
Gardener to the king : a novel / 
Frail happiness : an essay on Rousseau / 
Fundamentals of analog circuits / 
Toucans, barbets, and honeyguides : Ramphastidae, Capitonidae, and Indicatoridae / 
Synaesthesia : the strangest thing / 
The efficient use of quality control data / 
Relativity : special, general, and cosmological / 
Geometry : ancient and modern / 
An uncommon woman / 
Statistics and the German state, 1900-1945 : the making of modern economic knowledge / 
The medieval European stage, 500-1550 / 
Religion and the hermeneutics of contemplation / 
Signs of intelligence : understanding intelligent design / 
The politics of the cross : the theology and social ethics of John Howard Yoder / 
Reptiles, amphibians, and invertebrates : an identification and care guide / 
The Rottweiler handbook / 
The Eclipse Project / 
The pedagogy of African languages : an emerging field / 
The fantasy role-playing game : a new performing art / 
Individualist feminism of the nineteenth century : collected writings and biographical profiles / 
The girls' book of friendship : cool quotes, true stories, secrets, and more / 
The dictionary of wordplay / 
British comment on the United States : a chronological bibliography, 1832-1899 / 
The Latino psychiatric patient : assessment and treatment / 
Removal of emerging waterborne pathogens / 
The complete guide to accelerating sales force performance / 
Collaborative, competency-based counseling and therapy / 
From the minds of the world's children  / 
Physician practice compliance resource manual / 
Pediatric rhinosinusitis / 
Handbook of bereavement research : consequences, coping, and care / 
Criminal interrogation and confessions / 
Filtering in the time and frequency domains / 
Solid-liquid interface theory / 
Globalization and nationalism : the changing balance in India's economic policy, 1950-2000 / 
Staff development : a practical guide / 
Navier-Stokes equations : theory and numerical analysis / 
Inside GHQ : the Allied occupation of Japan and its legacy / 
Concise guide to treatment of alcoholism and addictions / 
Mr. Food's quick & easy diabetic cooking : 
Managing electronic serials : essays based on the ALCTS electronic serials institutes, 1997-1999 / 
Barefoot in the snow : and 51 other kids sermons for special times and topics / 
A river in the desert : 12 retreats for women's groups / 
The everything business planning book : how to plan for success in a new or growing business / 
Nightjars and their allies : the Caprimulgiformes / 
The Shakespeare first folio : the history of the book / 
Parenting without pressure : a whole family approach : a parent's guide / 
Censorship and selection : issues and answers for schools / 
Essentials of musculoskeletal care / 
Tiger Woods / 
The essentials of American government : continuity and change / 
American government : continuity and change / 
Shakira / 
American government : continuity and change / 
Marc Anthony / 
Of the plurality of worlds / 
On the eternity of the world = De aeternitate mundi / 
Dark and bloody ground : the Battle of Mansfield and the forgotten Civil War in Louisiana / 
Columbia College : 150 years of courage, commitment, and change / 
Proliferation of international organizations : legal issues / 
Embracing identities in early childhood education : diversity and possibilities / 
Game, set, match : winning the negotiations game / 
Making waves : the 50 greatest women in radio and television / 
Clinical handbook of psychological disorders : a step-by-step treatment manual / 
Adapa and the south wind : language has the power of life and death / 
Think like a shrink : 100 principles for seeing deeply into yourself and others / 
Pathways to independence : reading, writing, and learning in grades 3-8 / 
Schools and families : creating essential connections for learning / 
Beyond the ordinary : spirituality for church leaders / 
Genetic turning points : the ethics of human genetic intervention / 
Regnum caelorum : patterns of millennial thought in early Christianity / 
The law and economics of the environment / 
Uncertainty and the environment : implications for decision making and environmental policy / 
Measurement and meaning in economics : the essential Deirdre McCloskey / 
Listening ministry : rethinking pastoral leadership / 
Down to earth sociology : introductory readings / 
Some from the moon, some from the sun : poems and songs for everyone / 
Memoir of the hawk : poems / 
Forgotten heroes of the Maryland frontier : Christopher Gist, Evan Shelby, Jr., Thomas Cresap / 
The famous adventures of Jack / 
Boswell's presumptuous task : the making of the life of Dr. Johnson / 
Design knowing and learning : cognition in design education / 
Mechanical Desktop Release 5 : a process-based approach / 
The American Revolution : an eyewitness history / 
The ice child / 
Wolf Star / 
Bed hangings / 
Desperate acts / 
Valentine's Day / 
The silent cry : mysticism and resistance / 
Never again a world without us : voices of Mayan women in Chiapas, Mexico / 
Agile manufacturing : the 21st century competitive strategy / 
Bringing the NCTM standards to life : exemplary practices for middle schools / 
Strategies to help solve our school dropout problem / 
Education finance in the new millennium AEFA 2001 yearbook/ 
The self in time : developmental perspectives / 
Writing the qualitative dissertation : understanding by doing ; 
Buddies : reading, writing, and math lessons / 
Ethnocultural factors in substance abuse treatment / 
Monetarism under Thatcher : lessons for the future / 
Becoming a reflective mathematics teacher : a guide for observations and self-assessment / 
Phonics exposed : understanding and resisting systematic direct intense phonics instruction / 
Re/presenting class : essays in postmodern Marxism / 
Online communication : linking technology, identity, and culture / 
Saved by scandal / 
Tomorrow's promise / 
The night listener / 
A shadow on the wall / 
The assets / 
The Stollenberg legacy / 
Second chance / 
Sabre's child / 
Yesterday's shadows / 
A small dose of murder : a Rigdeline mystery/ 
Marked for mercy / 
The temple on Monday / 
Headbanger : a novel / 
Beyond popcorn : a critic's guide to looking at films / 
The complete book of home stenciling / 
Simple handmade furniture : 23 step-by-step weekend projects / 
The encyclopedia of fertility and infertility / 
Beyond Auschwitz : post-Holocaust Jewish thought in America / 
Chinese musical instruments / 
Laurence Sterne : a life / 
Medieval English literature / 
Memphis Tennessee Garrison : the remarkable story of a Black Appalachian woman / 
Portable feasts / 
Comparing economic systems : Italy and Japan / 
The cultural dimension of international business / 
Succeeding in graduate school : the career guide for psychology students / 
Educating young adolescent girls / 
Dimensions of literacy : a conceptual base for teaching reading and writing in school settings / 
Sexual teens, sexual media : investigating media's influence on adolescent sexuality / 
Workfare states / 
Moving mountains : lessons on life and leadership / 
Complications in vascular and endovascular surgery / 
Interpersonal communication research : advances through meta-analysis / 
Genre in the classroom : multiple perspectives / 
Literary practices as social acts : power, status and cultural norms in the classroom / 
Guide to sea kayaking in Maine / 
A list of legal treatises printed in the British colonies and the American states before 1801 / 
Encyclopedic dictionary of Roman law / 
Me and the measure of things / 
Chinese banking law and foreign financial institutions / 
Chlorine and the environment : an overview of the chlorine industry / 
A Generic fault-tolerant architecture for real-time dependable systems / 
The dawn of cognitive science : early European contributors / 
Pure dead magic / 
Ovarian cancer / 
Shark attacks : their causes and avoidance / 
Greater vision : a comprehensive program for physical, emotional, and spiritual clarity / 
The hypertension sourcebook / 
From Bakunin to Lacan : anti-authoritarianism and the dislocation of power / 
Massachusetts / 
Exploring the way life works : the science of biology / 
Investing for sustainability : the management of mineral wealth / 
Reconciliation, justice, and coexistence : theory and practice / 
On-chip inductance in high speed integrated circuits / 
Fatty acids and lipids : new findings / 
Gauchada / 
The mouse, the cat, and Grandmother's hat / 
Interventional electrophysiology / 
Fields virology / 
Hushabye / 
Bruce Lee / 
The politics of social inequality / 
Dr. Seuss / 
Sheryl Swoopes / 
Forensic emergency medicine / 
Roald Dahl / 
The Wills eye drug guide : diagnostic and therapeutic medications / 
Urology / 
The heritage of world civilizations / 
Cardiac anesthesia : principles and clinical practice / 
Reactive separation processes / 
Martial arts training in Japan : a guide for Westerners / 
Bay of Pigs : an oral history of Brigade 2506 / 
Inquiry-based English instruction : engaging students in life and literature / 
Perfect cocktails : the essential guide / 
Judaism and environmental ethics : a reader / 
A concise history of the common law / 
Dazzled by Disney? : the global Disney audiences project / 
The Constitutional experiments of the commonwealth : a study of the years 1649-1660 / 
Commonwealth : the other road to democracy-- the Swiss model of democratic self-government / 
Clinical neuroanatomy : a review with questions and explanations / 
Witches' key to terror / 
The American nightmare : trade politics after Seattle / 
Teaching & learning : the culture of pedagogy / 
Traditional industry in the new market economy : the cotton handlooms of Andhra Pradesh / 
Social movements, old and new : a post-modernist critique / 
Small animal clinical oncology / 
Ethics and law in dental hygiene / 
Towards an international criminal procedure / 
An analysis of the economic torts / 
Purine and pyrimidine metabolism in man X / 
Style : a pragmatic approach / 
Political thinking, political theory, and civil society / 
Self-study for teacher educators : crafting a pedagogy for educational change / 
Advanced vehicle stop tactics : skills for today's survival conscious officer / 
Labours of the mind : labour in the culture of production / 
God help me! These people are driving me nuts : making peace with difficult people / 
Ten thousand eyes / 
Electronic fetal monitoring : concepts and applications / 
Language contact in the history of English / 
The promised land / 
Pearls of kitchen wisdom : tips, shortcuts, and recipes from a country home / 
Lemoyne d'Iberville : soldier of New France / 
Japan in transformation, 1952-2000 / 
Target organ toxicity in marine and freshwater teleosts / 
Computer systems / 
Thermal radiation heat transfer / 
Analysis of algorithms : an active learning approach / 
Oratio : a book of prayers for the church year and for special occasions / 
Recreation and leisure in modern society / 
Arthur and the recess rookie / 
Dracula in London / 
How to paint sunlight : lyric poems & others (1997-2000) / 
Abnormal psychology / 
Mundelein voices : the women's college experience, 1930-1991 / 
Song of the world becoming : new and collected poems, 1981-2001 / 
Improving the quality of long-term care / 
Information literacy instruction : theory and practice / 
Supercade : a visual history of the videogame age, 1971-1984 / 
Core concepts in advanced practice nursing / 
Copyright in cyberspace : questions and answers for librarians / 
Please reply! / 
Vince Carter : the fire burns bright / 
Meet my grandmother. She's a children's book author / 
Ten dumb things churches do and how to avoid them / 
Marking time : Christian rituals for all our days / 
Murder boogies with Elvis : a Southern sisters mystery / 
Content's dream : essays, 1975-1984 / 
Implementing and improving teaming : a handbook for middle level leaders / 
The triple flame : the inner secrets of Sufism / 
The journals of Rachel Scott : a journey of faith at Columbine High / 
N 2 deep / 
Holy days : a verse translation of Constantijn Huygens' Heilighe daghen / 
Sentence comprehension : the integration of rules and habits / 
Entrepreneurs of life : faith and the venture of purposeful living / 
Craniosacral biodynamics / 
Stories from where we live. The great North American prairie / 
Government proposals : cutting through the chaos / 
Simply salmon / 
The impact of person-organization fit on employee attitudes and outcomes / 
Twelve plays / 
Last Chance Saloon / 
From the dust returned : a family remembrance / 
International institutions : an International organization reader / 
The fate of progressive language policies and practices / 
Sclerotherapy : treatment of varicose and telangiectatic leg veins / 
John Adams and the founding of the Republic / 
Banishing bureaucratese : using plain language in government writing / 
Gifted by otherness : gay and lesbian Christians in the church / 
High bonnet : a novel of epicurean adventures / 
Her own woman : the life of Mary Wollstonecraft / 
Thanksgiving / 
Halloween / 
Christmas / 
Easter / 
Hanukkah / 
Managing your headaches / 
Operative treatment of elbow injuries / 
Health promotion in communities : holistic and wellness approaches / 
Magnetic resonance angiography / 
A clinician's guide to psychodrama / 
Brief mental health interventions for the family physician / 
Foundations of corporate finance / 
Beginning functional analysis / 
Introduction to the Mori Program / 
Counting : the art of enumerative combinatorics / 
Solitons in field theory and nonlinear analysis / 
Permutation methods : a distance function approach / 
Computational modeling in biological fluid dynamics / 
The Bayesian choice : from decision-theoretic foundations to computational implementation / 
Statistical methods in bioinformatics : an introduction / 
Modal and temporal properties of processes / 
Spatial statistics : methodological aspects and applications / 
Mathematical statistics with Mathematica / 
ART and the human blastocyst / 
Endothelin and its inhibitors / 
Antibody engineering / 
Organic electronic materials : conjugated polymers and low molecular weight organic solids / 
Contemporary neuropsychiatry / 
Records management / 
Management: a competency-based approach / 
Guide to writing collection development policies for music / 
Performance optimization of numerically intensive codes / 
Discrete mathematics of neural networks : selected topics / 
Zarathustra's Dionysian modernism / 
An ethics of dissensus : postmodernity, feminism, and the politics of radical democracy / 
Tradition and the individual poem : an inquiry into anthologies / 
Music, body, and desire in medieval culture : Hildegard of Bingen to Chaucer / 
Golf, the woman's game / 
Pediatric uroradiology / 
Diagnosis of bone and joint disorders / 
Differential diagnosis in surgical pathology / 
Career development for health professionals / 
Third generation mobile telecommunication systems : UMTS and IMTS-2000 / 
Plant nitrogen / 
The biology of ascidians / 
If I were in charge, the rules would be different / 
Show & tell / 
The handcrafted letter / 
Photosynthetic microorganisms in environmental biotechnology / 
Saffron days in L.A. : tales of a Buddhist monk in America / 
Straight to the heart of Zen : eleven classic koans and their inner meanings / 
Tales of the Taoist immortals / 
Let's read about-- Martin Luther King, Jr. / 
Remote sensing and climate change : the role of earth observation / 
Frontiers of human-centered computing, online communities and virtual environments / 
23rd precinct : the job / 
Healing public schools : the winning prescription to cure their chronic illness / 
Land use and cover change / 
Sensory biology of jawed fishes : new insights / 
Plays for learning : ancient Israel : legends from the Bible and Jewish folklore for grades K-3 / 
Earth / 
Air / 
Razzle / 
Templar gold : discovering the Ark of the Covenant / 
ECDL module 1. Basic concepts of information technology : ECDL--the European PC standard/ 
ECDL module 2. Using the computer and managing files : ECDL--the European PC standard / 
ECDL module 3. Word processing : ECDL--the European PC standard / 
ECDL module 4. Spreadsheets : ECDL--the European PC standard/ 
ECDL module 5. Database : ECDL--the European PC standard / 
ECDL module 6. Presentation : ECDL--the European PC standard / 
ECDL module 7. Information and communication : ECDL--the European PC standard / 
Indian basketry artists of the Southwest : deep roots, new growth / 
Indian painters of the Southwest : the deep remembering / 
The North! to the North! : five Swedish poets of the nineteenth century / 
Growing apples and pumpkins / 
Dreamcatcher : a novel / 
Planning agricultural research : a sourcebook / 
Statistical methods in medical research / 
The Christmas promise / 
Alphabet adventure / 
Dot the Firedog / 
Poppleton in winter / 
Porkenstein / 
Tiger trouble! / 
Wee Winnie Witch's Skinny : an original African American scare tale / 
Dermafax / 
The cardiology rotation / 
Medical care of the liver transplant patient / 
Nellie Cashman : frontier angel / 
God so loved the world : a christology for disciples / 
Dictionary of classical and theoretical mathematics / 
Evolutionary patterns : growth, form, and tempo in the fossil record in honor of Allan Cheetham / 
An atlas of interpretative radiographic anatomy of the dog & cat / 
The United States in the Cold War : 1945-1989 / 
Animal talk / 
Rough music / 
Long-term care in transition : the regulation of nursing homes / 
Careers in sports, fitness, and recreation / 
Pass key to the SAT I / 
Greyhounds : everything about purchase, care,  nutrition, behavior, and training / 
Solids, liquids, and gases / 
Plant disease management / 
The twentieth-century string quartet : an historical introduction and catalogue / 
Rough magic : making theatre at the Royal Shakespeare Company / 
Water drops from women writers : a temperance reader / 
Camping! Oregon : the complete guide to public campgrounds for RVs and tents / 
The Stranger guide to Seattle : the city's smartest, pickiest, most obsessive urban manual / 
The Rock Island Hiking Club : poems / 
Pasta and semolina technology / 
The process of investigation : concepts and strategies for investigators in the private sector / 
Criteria and indicators for sustainable forest management / 
Adjudication in construction disputes / 
Soul searching journal : a guide to self discovery for girls / 
Monetary macroeconomics : a new approach / 
The blood pressure book : how to get it down and keep it down / 
The German urban experience, 1900-1945 : modernity and crisis / 
Orangutans / 
Spoilsports : understanding and preventing sexual exploitation in sport / 
The existentialist reader : an anthology of key texts / 
Scarlet Feather / 
A painted house : a novel / 
The process of psychotherapy : a journey of discovery / 
Sold short : uncovering deception in the markets / 
Stuck in halftime : reinventing your one and only life / 
O sane and sacred death : first person accounts of death (as received in hypnotic regressions) / 
The past / 
Strangers in the land / 
Mirabilis / 
Pipe dream : a novel / 
Bringing up good parents & other jobs for teenage girls : a collection of short stories / 
Jacob's way / 
Passage / 
Opening your child's nine learning windows / 
Comprehensive tumour terminology handbook / 
Spectral theory and nonlinear functional analysis / 
Craniofacial dysfunction and pain : manual therapy, assessment, and management / 
Introduction to traffic engineering : a manual for data collection and analysis / 
Cultivated landscapes of middle America on the eve of conquest / 
Introducing Black theology : 3 crucial questions for the Evangelical Church / 
Henry Plantagenet / 
Lévy processes : theory and applications / 
While the music lasts : the representation of music in the works of George Sand / 
The best military science fiction of the 20th century / 
Program your baby's health : the pregnancy diet for your child's lifelong well-being / 
Presenting gender : changing sex in early-modern culture / 
Doctor's orders : Goethe and Enlightenment thought / 
Wild by nature  : true stories of adventure and faith / 
Great books about things kids love : more than 750 recommended books for children 3 to 14 / 
In a Russian city / 
Two women / 
The magic of Provence : pleasures of southern France / 
Raising children who think for themselves / 
The infinite thread : healing relationships beyond loss / 
Celebrating time alone : stories of splendid solitude / 
Body sense : balancing your weight and emotions / 
Matters of life and death : finding the words to say goodbye / 
Taming your inner brat : a guide for transforming self-defeating behavior / 
When God winks : how the power of coincidence guides your life / 
Introducing me / 
Fatherneed : why father care is as essential as mother care for your child / 
Confederate Navy quizzes and facts / 
The cost of deception : the seduction of modern myths and urban legends / 
The names of God / 
Women journalists and the municipal housekeeping movement, 1868-1914 / 
Ding : the life of Jay Norwood Darling / 
Wide-bandgap electronic devices / 
A vindication of the rights of woman : with strictures on political and moral subjects / 
Microsoft Application Center 2000 resource kit / 
Protect yourself online / 
Perk up your ears : discover your sense of hearing / 
Physician assistant / 
Watership Down / 
Economics for business : competition, macro-stability, and globalisation / 
Mighty to save : discovering God's grace in the miracles of Jesus / 
The last of the Mohicans / 
Greed : gut feelings, growth, and history / 
ABC science riddles / 
Beyond discipline : from compliance to community / 
Fill your watercolors with nature's light / 
Lies women believe and the truth that sets them free / 
Turfgrass problems : picture clues and management options / 
Draw horses / 
Understanding by design / 
Literary expressions of exile : a collection of essays / 
We the people : an introduction to American politics / 
Discipline with dignity / 
Introduction to physical therapy / 
The Pharisees and the Sadducees : an examination of internal Jewish history / 
America by the numbers : a field guide to the U.S. population / 
Of sound mind / 
Strawberry moon / 
The visual story : seeing the structure of film, TV, and new media / 
Introduction to media production : from analog to digital / 
The frogs wore red suspenders : rhymes / 
Encyclopedia of the atomic age / 
First ladies : a biographical dictionary / 
Chemistry experiments on file / 
Animal habitats : discovering how animals live in the wild / 
Law and literature : journeys from her to eternity / 
Media occupations and professions : a reader / 
Media sex : what are the issues? / 
Great ghost towns of the West / 
Self and self-transformation in the history of religions / 
Altruism & altruistic love : science, philosophy, & religion in dialogue / 
The politics of the police / 
Principles of microeconomics / 
Principles of macroeconomics / 
You are a spiritual being having a human experience / 
Youth aggression and violence : a psychological approach / 
Handbook of applied optimization / 
Parallax : the race to measure the cosmos / 
The absolute beginner's guide to showing your dog / 
The signs of God / 
Pillars of our faith : practical applications of prophecy and our fundamental beliefs / 
Dictionary of the social sciences / 
God and time : essays on the divine nature / 
Transforming the rural Asian economy : the unfinished revolution / 
The ultimate golf trivia book / 
Gods, heroes & kings : the battle for mythic Britain / 
Above and beyond / 
Gloria rising / 
The link between religion and health : psychoneuroimmunology and the faith factor / 
Empty words : Buddhist philosophy and cross-cultural interpretation / 
Applied mycology and biotechnology / 
Monodispersed particles / 
Healing earthquakes : a love story in poems / 
Bucking the tiger : a novel / 
Women in global migration, 1945-2000 : a comprehensive multidisciplinary bibliography / 
Books on early American history and culture, 1986-1990 : an annotated bibliography / 
Readings on The prince and the pauper / 
Readings on West Side story / 
A cold case / 
Teen alcoholism / 
Personal epistemology : the psychology of beliefs about knowledge and knowing / 
Anthroposophy and astrology : the astronomical letters of Elisabeth Vreede / 
Me-esh tam = 
Cuisines of India : the art of regional Indian cooking / 
The invention of clouds : how an amateur meteorologist forged the language of the skies / 
Television at the crossroads / 
Reading architectural plans : for residential and commercial construction / 
Trout streams of Michigan : a fly-angler's guide / 
Gas-assist injection molding : a principles and applications / 
The rice-wheat cropping system of South Asia : trends, constraints, productivity, and policy / 
The fiction of the 1940s : stories of survival / 
Sneaking around / 
Ulysses S. Grant on leadership : executive lessons from the front lines / 
Targets of hatred : anti-abortion terrorism / 
Alliance politics, Kosovo, and NATO's war : allied force or forced allies? / 
Turnstile justice : issues in American corrections / 
Forensic science handbook / 
Policing and community partnerships / 
Salem Falls / 
Computational intelligence in theory and practice / 
Meditation as medicine : activate the power of your natural healing force / 
Tiny Broadwick : the first lady of parachuting / 
Ukraine on the road to Europe / 
Advances in behavioral economics : essays in honor of Horst Todt / 
Blood washes blood : a true story of love, murder, and redemption under the Sicilian sun / 
Good in bed : a novel / 
The memory of mankind : the story of libraries since the dawn of history / 
Tourism in global society : place, culture, consumption / 
Fit kids : raising physically and emotionally strong kids with real food / 
The Apple Indians / 
Models, methods, and decision support for management : essays in honor of Paul Stähly / 
The amazing law of influence / 
Inequality, economic growth, and technological change : new aspects in the old debate / 
Introduction to DC/AC circuits / 
Neither East nor West : one woman's journey through the Islamic Republic of Iran / 
Sleep demons : an insomniac's memoir / 
Infrared and thermal testing / 
Return of the osprey : a season of flight and wonder / 
The medic : life and death in the last days of WWII / 
Shadows of things to come : a prophetic look at God's unfolding plan / 
Motivation in language planning and language policy / 
Dual language education / 
Annotated texts for translation : English-German : functionalist approaches illustrated / 
Literature models to teach expository writing / 
The fun of it : stories from The talk of the town, The New Yorker / 
Studying poetry : activities, resources, and texts / 
Successful wine marketing / 
Queen's mate : three women of power in France on the eve of the Renaissance / 
Greece : an illustrated history / 
Lying awake / 
Surviving Galeras / 
Doghouse roses : stories / 
Taylor's guide to roses : how to select, grow, and enjoy more than 380 roses / 
The contract surgeon : a novel / 
Taps : a novel / 
Lost at sea / 
On the night plain : a novel / 
In harm's way : the sinking of the USS Indianapolis and the extraordinary story of its survivors / 
Pushing the digital frontier : insights into the changing landscape of E-business / 
The war in the air, 1914-1994 / 
Palabras de mediodía = Noon words / 
Objects and persons / 
Aristocles of Messene : testimonia and fragments / 
Strategic fund development : building profitable relationships that last / 
The criminal lawyer's guide to immigration law : questions and answers / 
The effective estate planning practice : procedures and strategies for a client-focused business / 
Denver : an archaeological history / 
Imperial medicine : Patrick Manson and the conquest of tropical disease / 
After Augustine : the meditative reader and the text / 
Feminists and party politics / 
Free-choice science education : how we learn science outside of school / 
Shatter me with dawn : a celebration of country life / 
Autobiographical reflections on southern religious history / 
The complete poems of William Empson / 
Follies / 
Reporting the post-Communist revolution / 
Covering China / 
Kinship in the Admiralty Islands / 
The ladies' etiquette hand-book : the importance of being refined in the 1880s / 
Remembering Korea : the Korean War Veterans Memorial / 
Henry David Thoreau and the moral agency of knowing / 
U·X·L complete health resource cumulative index / 
Matilda Bone / 
Marry for money / 
Strange bedfellows : a Jacob Burns mystery / 
The bonesetter's daughter / 
Stargirl / 
Under a dark sun / 
Scenes of crime / 
Blooming murder / 
Purgatory Ridge : a Cork O'Connor mystery / 
Scottish bride / 
Promise of the valley / 
Aiding & abetting / 
The old American : a novel / 
The fortune of war / 
Provence including Monaco and the Côte d'Azur : an inspired anthology & travel resource / 
Beauty basics for teens : the complete skin-care, hair-care, and nail-care guide for young women / 
Gaborabilia / 
Growing up baseball : an oral history / 
The meditative path : a gentle way to awareness, concentration, and serenity / 
The royal doctors, 1485-1714 : medical personnel at the Tudor and Stuart courts / 
Neurology and neurosurgery : basic principles / 
Religion on campus / 
The color of work : the struggle for civil rights in the Southern paper industry, 1945-1980 / 
Ida B. Wells-Barnett and American reform, 1880-1930 / 
Ways of being ethnic in Southwest China / 
Color-line to borderlands : the matrix of American ethnic studies / 
The reluctant dragon : crisis cycles in Chinese foreign economic policy / 
Treasure Island / 
Best friends / 
Imagination song / 
The military potential of China's commercial technology / 
China, the United States, and the global economy / 
The phoenix state : civil society and the future of Sudan / 
Deconstruction : a reader / 
Boa constrictors / 
Ocelots / 
Tarantulas / 
Anteaters / 
The world around us : based on Timothy goes to school and other stories / 
Discover and explore : based on Timothy goes to school and other stories / 
Potshot / 
The music of the spheres / 
Blessing : the art and the practice / 
Mirroring evil : Nazi imagery/recent art / 
Bold words : a century of Asian American writing / 
Women and dieting culture : inside a commercial weight loss group / 
Rebels, rubyfruit, and rhinestones : queering space in the Stonewall South / 
The connection gap : why Americans feel so alone / 
Sea drift : rafting adventures in the wake of Kon-Tiki / 
Some of us : Chinese women growing up in the Mao era / 
Chesty : the story of Lieutenant General Lewis B. Puller, USMC / 
Atoms / 
Pathology of peripheral nerves : an atlas of structural and molecular pathological changes / 
Success against the odds, five years on : revisiting effective schools in disadvantaged areas / 
Mystics of the Christian tradition / 
South East Asia, colonial history / 
Inn-to-inn walking guide, Virginia and West Virginia / 
Day and overnight hikes in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park / 
The eclectic gourmet guide to New Orleans / 
60 hikes within 60 miles, Raleigh / 
60 hikes within 60 miles, Washington, DC / 
Seeds, stems, and stamens : the ways plants fit into their world / 
60 hikes within 60 miles, Tampa / 
60 hikes within 60 miles, Portland / 
E-strategy pure & simple : connecting your internet strategy to your business strategy / 
Those extraordinary women of World War I / 
COM+ & XML : ASP.NET on the edge : unlimited edition / 
Red Hat Linux administrator's handbook / 
Managing risk in the new economy / 
Royalty who wait : the 21 heads of formerly regnant houses of Europe / 
The mystery of the haunted caves / 
Light their fire for God : 7 powerful virtues for your kids / 
Environmental risk analysis / 
How to think like the world's greatest masters of M & A / 
Complete wireless design / 
The elusive quest for growth : economists' adventures and misadventures in the tropics / 
Essays on saving, bequests, altruism, and life-cycle planning / 
Population history and the family : a Journal of interdisciplinary history reader / 
Mathematics for economics / 
Library construction from a staff perspective / 
The unfinished project : towards a postmetaphysical humanism / 
Companion encyclopedia of Middle Eastern and North African film / 
Christian, Saracen and genre in medieval French literature / 
Tundra / 
Forests / 
Grasslands / 
Deserts / 
Oceans / 
Business writing : what works, what won't / 
New American Schools' concept of break-the-mold designs : how designs evolved and why / 
African roots/American cultures : Africa in the creation of the Americas / 
Phenomenology and existentialism / 
Unbroken spirits : nineteen years in South Korea's Gulag / 
Geez Louise! / 
When Mommy was mad / 
Gumbrella / 
Halide's gift : a novel / 
Mud soup / 
The fling / 
The cod's tale / 
If the shoe fits / 
39 uses for a friend / 
The explanationist defense of scientific reason / 
Interviewing for journalists / 
Welfare racism : playing the race card against America's poor / 
Reality and impenetrability in Kant's philosophy of nature / 
Names and nature in Plato's Cratylus / 
American nations : encounters in Indian country, 1850 to the present / 
The emergence of social enterprise / 
Staging the past : the politics of commemoration in Habsburg Central Europe, 1848 to the present / 
The complete federal and state compliance guide for Hoosier businesses / 
Practical TPM : successful equipment management at Agilent Technologies / 
Jesus after two thousand years : what he really said and did / 
Technical analysis of stock trends / 
More than letters : literacy activities for preschool, kindergarten, and first grade / 
Taking charge of arthritis / 
The values of economics : an Aristotelian perspective / 
Philosophy : the classics / 
International relations theory : a critical introduction / 
A step-by-step guide to SPSS for sport and exercise studies / 
French food : on the table, on the page, and in French culture / 
Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina : a guide to research / 
The journey of Luke Skywalker : an analysis of modern  myth and symbol / 
Living with pain / 
Kingdom of children : culture and controversy in the homeschooling movement / 
Représentations mentales et catégorisations linguistiques / 
Sociology for the twenty-first century / 
Business / 
Roadways to success / 
Mompreneurs online : using the Internet to build work@home success / 
Finishing magic : dressing up naked furniture with woodgraining techniques/ 
Leaves of gold : manuscript illumination from Philadelphia collections / 
Modelling and control biomedical systems 2000 (including biological systems) / 
In Byron's shadow : modern Greece in the English & American imagination / 
Dictionary of ancient deities / 
Einstein's universe : gravity at work and play / 
Books have their fates / 
'T Pousette et 't Poulette : a Cajun Hansel and Gretel / 
Light from light : an anthology of Christian mysticism / 
A Halloween how-to : costumes, parties, decorations, and destinations / 
Soulmates : an illustrated guide to black love, sex, and romance / 
Nursing ethics through the life span / 
Corning and the craft of innovation / 
Dragon multinational : a new model for global growth / 
Motion and time study for lean manufacturing / 
Break the rules : the secret code to finding a great job fast / 
What's next? : women redefining their dreams in the prime of life / 
Custody chaos, personal peace : sharing custody with an ex who's drives you crazy / 
Nourishing your daughter : help your child develop a healthy relationship with food and her body / 
Keys to college studying : becoming a lifelong learner / 
Eat right, cook right 4 your type / 
The flags of Civil War Alabama / 
12 simple secrets of happiness at work / 
Sociology : the study of society / 
Macromedia Flash 5 : animating for the Web / 
Security engineering : a guide to building dependable distributed systems / 
Visualizing your business : let graphics tell the story / 
One-to-one Web marketing : build a relationship marketing strategy one customer at a time / 
How they achieved : stories of personal achievement and business success / 
CNBC creating wealth : an investor's guide to decoding the market / 
An introduction to metric spaces and fixed point theory / 
The ValueReporting revolution : moving beyond the earnings game / 
Principles of financial accounting / 
OSS essentials : support system solutions for service providers / 
Essentials of NEPSY assessment / 
Careers for foreign language aficionados & other multilingual types / 
Opportunities in animal and pet care careers / 
Great jobs for criminal justice majors / 
Great jobs for history majors / 
Opportunities in government careers / 
Opportunities in psychology careers / 
Laboratory health and safety dictionary / 
Virtual manufacturing / 
International commodity trading : physical and derivative markets / 
Introduction to econometrics / 
Bulletproofing TCP/IP-based Windows NT/2000 networks / 
Excessive appetites : a psychological view of addictions / 
Voice over packet networks / 
Everyday life in the 1800s : a guide for writers, students & historians / 
The GSM network : GPRS evolution : one step towards UMTS / 
The key to earth history : an introduction to stratigraphy / 
Loan workouts and debt for equity swaps: a framework for successful corporate rescues / 
Underdogs in overdrive : 10 insanely great ideas for the Asian technopreneur / 
Internal control : a manager's journey / 
Introduction to gauge integrals / 
Someday heaven / 
In search of the Great White Tiger : a story about following God / 
Pumpkinhead / 
The summer of a dormouse / 
Secret love / 
Zhang Yimou : interviews / 
Initiation into numerology : a practical guide for reading your own numbers / 
Cutting the ties of karma : understanding the patchwork of your past lives / 
DelCorso's gallery / 
The perfect pitch : how to sell yourself and your movie idea to Hollywood / 
Plum & jaggers / 
A plump and perky turkey / 
Storming the heavens : soldiers, emperors, and civilians in the Roman Empire / 
A time to dance / 
Legal research using Westlaw / 
Fundamentals of RF circuit design : with low noise oscillators / 
Patent strategy : the manager's guide to profiting from patent portfolios / 
Getting started in options / 
E-business best practices : leveraging technology for business advantage / 
The Strategic board : the step-by-step guide to high-impact governance / 
Evangelism and missions : strategies for outreach in the 21st century / 
The wonder of worship : a new understanding of the worship experience / 
Carryin' on : and other strange things southerners do / 
Due south : dispatches from down home / 
Children of Pithiviers / 
100 ways of seeing an unequal world / 
Global governance and the new wars : the merging of development and security / 
West's business law : text, cases, legal, ethical, international, and e-commerce environment / 
Gabriel's eye  / 
The Black power movement. Part 1, Amiri Baraka, from Black arts to Black radicalism [microform] / 
A history of affirmative action, 1619-2000 / 
Becoming Victoria / 
The intellectual life of the British working classes / 
Digital filmmaking 101 / 
First comes love : all about the birds and the bees--and alligators, possums, and people, too / 
George Rogers Clark and the war in the West / 
Pictures from the farm : an album of family farm memories / 
Campaign finance reform / 
Eight mindful steps to happiness : walking the path of the Buddha / 
The Appalachian Trail : calling me back to the hills / 
Orientation to college learning / 
Basic sigil magic / 
City magick : urban rituals, spells, and shamanism / 
The stuff of dreams : behind the scenes of an American community theater / 
Manga mania : how to draw Japanese comics / 
How to draw aliens, mutants & mysterious creatures / 
CCNA 2.0 exam 640-507 : quick review / 
Train man / 
Time to say goodbye / 
The five faces of genius : the skills to master ideas at work / 
On borrowed words : a memoir of language / 
Inventing toys : kids having fun learning science / 
Maillot jaune : the Tour de France yellow jersey / 
Mr. Bumble and the hippo : a story for anyone who has ever loved a pet / 
Bitten / 
Marlon Brando / 
The supersymmetric world : the beginnings of the theory / 
Soaring solo : on the joys (yes, joys!) of being a single mother / 
The anointed : a Kabbalistic novel : a story of spiritual courage against the Inquisition / 
A chance to learn : 
Careers in social and rehabilitation services / 
Don't touch that doorknob! : how germs can zap you, and how you can zap back / 
Church folk / 
East-West healing : integrating Chinese and Western medicines for optimal health / 
Survey of instrumentation and measurement / 
Engineering superconductivity / 
Analysis of vertebrate structure / 
J.K. Lasser's your winning retirement plan / 
Applications of inorganic mass spectrometry / 
Criminal law and procedure / 
The sermons of Charles Wesley : a critical edition, with introduction and notes / 
Law, society, and authority in late antiquity / 
Bioinformatics : a practical guide to the analysis of genes and proteins / 
Managing projects with Microsoft Project 2000 / 
Justice, posterity, and the environment / 
Texts, ideas, and the classics : scholarship, theory, and classical literature / 
The Homeric hymns / 
British Quakerism, 1860-1920 : the transformation of a religious community / 
Boats of the world : from the Stone Age to Medieval times / 
Dualism and hierarchy : processes of binary combination in Keo society / 
Theatre : a way of seeing / 
Treasure / 
Lord, where are you when bad things happen? : a devotional study on living by faith / 
Lord, only you can change me :a devotional study on growing in character from the Beatitudes / 
Lord, heal my hurts : a devotional study on God's care and deliverance / 
Lord, I need grace to make it today : a devotional study on God's power for daily living / 
Lord, is it warfare? : teach me to stand : a devotional study on spiritual victory / 
Lord, I want to know you : a devotional study of the names of God / 
Torchlight / 
China's century : the awakening of the next economic powerhouse / 
European banking : efficiency, technology, and growth / 
Head trauma : basic, preclinical, and clinical directions / 
Genetics and the search for modern human origins / 
Introduction to IP and ATM design and performance : with applications analysis software / 
The wild rattle in the woods / 
Hell's Kitchen : a location scout mystery / 
Bark if you love me : a woman-meets-dog story / 
Chang and Eng : a novel / 
To catch a cat / 
Devil's embrace / 
The procedure / 
The difference engine : Charles Babbage and the quest to build the first computer / 
Sooner or later / 
Devil's claw / 
Everyday things : an A-Z guide / 
F. Scott Fitzgerald : the American dreamer / 
You wouldn't want to be a slave in ancient Greece! : a life you'd rather not have / 
American government / 
An intimate look at the night sky / 
Combined arms warfare in the twentieth century / 
Fractures of the facial skeleton / 
Understanding clinical papers / 
Ageing vulnerability : 
The starving students' vegetarian cookbook / 
Netting the sun : a personal geography of the Oregon desert / 
Surviving the Oregon Trail, 1852 / 
Whose improv is it anyway? : beyond Second City / 
Waiting for the vote of the wild animals / 
Cam Jansen and the school play mystery / 
Pawing through the past / 
Opportunities in law careers / 
Opportunities in educational support careers / 
Everyday life among the American Indians / 
The Mysterious Press anniversary anthology : celebrating 25 years / 
Ode to a banker / 
Jesus, M.D. : a doctor examines the Great Physician / 
The parent survival guide : positive solutions to 40 common kid problems / 
I can see myself in His eyeballs : God is closer than you think / 
The church of irresistible influence / 
An atlas of sigmoidoscopy and cystoscopy / 
Defining a British state : treason and national identity, 1608-1820 / 
De Tocqueville / 
Race and racism / 
Transport : an economics and management perspective / 
AutoCAD 2000 : one step at a time : basics / 
The 80x86 family : design, programming, and interfacing / 
How to say it online : everything you need to know to master the new language of cyberspace / 
Cornerstone : building on your best / 
The children's war / 
The practice of principle : in defence of a pragmatist approach to legal theory / 
The political economy of the world trading system : the WTO and beyond / 
Mao's crusade : politics and policy implementation in China's great leap forward / 
Social provision in low-income countries : new patterns and emerging trends / 
The anatomy of nature : geology & American landscape painting, 1825-1875 / 
Painting the allure of nature / 
The salt letters / 
The creative spirit : harmonious living with Hildegard of Bingam / 
Living with music : Ralph Ellison's jazz writings / 
Experimental sound & radio / 
African American leadership : an empowerment tradition in social welfare history / 
Electromagnetic field measurements in the near field / 
Making gifts in polymer clay / 
The Bulldog Drummond encyclopedia / 
Tom Worthington's Civil War : Shiloh, Sherman, and the search for vindication / 
Katish, our Russian cook / 
Modeling carbon and nitrogen dynamics for soil management / 
Boeing 737-100 and 200 / 
Experiencing the world's religions : tradition, challenge, and change / 
Moving target / 
Hot rodder's bible / 
Creative edge : letterhead + business card design / 
Rudolph's pediatrics / 
The aging body : conservative management of common neuromusculoskeletal conditions / 
Slightly out of focus / 
A Cognitive approach to the verb : morphological and constructional perspectives / 
Stanley Kubrick : seven films analyzed / 
The Professional Golfers' Association Tour : a history / 
Dissenting electorate : those who refuse to vote and the legitimacy of their opposition / 
Touch / 
Touching my father's soul : a Sherpa's journey to the top of Everest / 
Electrical safety handbook / 
A philosophical account of the nature of art appreciation / 
Fire on the beach : recovering the lost story of Richard Etheridge and the Pea Island lifesavers / 
The statistical mechanics of financial markets / 
Ecology of sensing / 
Black hole gravitohydromagnetics / 
VLSI memory chip design / 
Thyroid cancer / 
Body bizarre, body beautiful / 
Shakespeare's world and work : an encyclopedia for students / 
Instrucciones para pacientes de pediatria / 
Understanding organizational behavior : a multimedia approach / 
Hanukkah : a counting book in English, Hebrew, and Yiddish / 
Consuming children : education, entertainment, advertising / 
Academic tribes and territories : intellectual enquiry and the culture of disciplines / 
Introducing qualitative research in psychology : adventures in theory and method / 
Promotion and integrated marketing communications / 
Singing in Czech : a guide to Czech lyric diction and vocal repertoire / 
Wind loading of structures / 
Twizzlers percentages book / 
Organometallic chemistry and catalysis / 
Organometallic catalysts and olefin polymerization : catalysts for a new millennium / 
Optical design fundamentals for infrared systems / 
Selected papers on smart structures for spacecraft / 
Triassic gastropods of the southern Qinling Mountains, China / 
Bibliography of Slavic literature / 
Gorgias and the new sophistic rhetoric / 
Life after the Soviet Union : the newly independent republics of Transcaucasus and Central Asia / 
Klondikes, chipped ham & skyscraper cones : the story of Isaly's / 
Methods of environmental impact assessment / 
Veblen in perspective : his life and thought / 
The psychic and the rabbi : a remarkable correspondence / 
Zen and the art of cooking / 
New York Jews and the decline of urban ethnicity, 1950-1970 / 
My self, my muse : Irish women poets reflect on life and art / 
North star country : upstate New York and the crusade for African American freedom / 
Dynamics of diselection : ambiguity in Genesis 12-36 and ethnic boundaries in post-exilic Judah / 
Strategic human resource management / 
The company you keep : four key tools for employee retention / 
Amorphous and nanocrystalline materials : preparation, properties, and applications / 
All shook up! : the life and death of Elvis Presley / 
Body of knowledge : one semester of gross anatomy, the gateway to becoming a doctor / 
Ancient Sichuan : treasures from a lost civilization / 
Current topics in musculoskeletal medicine : a case study approach / 
Interventional and endovascular therapy of the nervous system : a practice guide / 
God's timing for your life / 
Global e-commerce and online marketing : watching the evolution / 
Learning to teach history in the secondary school : a companion to school experience / 
Leadership for quality schooling : international perspectives / 
Her infinite variety : stories of Shakespeare and the women he loved / 
Be quick--but don't hurry : learning success from the teachings of a lifetime / 
A new institutional theory of production : an application / 
Secularism, Islam and modernity : selected essays of Alam Khundmiri / 
Silver / 
Oil / 
Iron / 
Gold / 
The Infusion nurses society : infusion therapy in clinical practice / 
Dogs, dogs, dogs! / 
Livestock feeds and feeding / 
Operational amplifiers with linear integrated circuits / 
Soft computing for control of non-linear dynamical systems / 
Good things for organizing : 
Tenderheaded : a comb-bending collection of hair stories / 
Resurrection song : African-American spirituality / 
Bedrooms : creating the stylish, comfortable room of your dreams / 
Germanic texts and Latin models : medieval reconstructions / 
The Prentice Hall anthology of Latino literature / 
Reading with meaning : strategies for college reading / 
Principles of economics / 
The uncommercial traveller and other papers, 1859-70 / 
Play ball! : the story of Little League Baseball / 
Electronic day trading made easy / 
Wedding presents / 
Gender and the restructured university : changing management and culture in higher education / 
Entrancing muse : a documented biography of Francis Poulenc / 
Becoming a teacher : issues in secondary teaching / 
Pied Piper : the many lives of Noah Greenberg / 
The harmonic orator : the phrasing and rhetoric of the melody in French baroque airs / 
A practical guide to behavioral research : tools and techniques / 
The first Hellcat ace / 
Constructing a European market : standards, regulation, and governance / 
Camille Saint-Saëns, 1835-1921 : a thematic catalogue of his complete works / 
Inheritance and originality : Wittgenstein, Heidegger, Kierkegaard / 
Business cycle theory : selected texts 1860-1939 / 
Prescription drugs under medicare : the legacy of the Task Force on Prescription Drugs / 
Beethoven and his world : a biographical dictionary / 
Computational intelligence in games / 
Fuzzy and multiobjective games for conflict resolution / 
Boards at work : how directors view their roles and responsibilities / 
From opposition to power : Taiwan's Democratic Progressive Party. / 
Richard Diebenkorn / 
Theories of international relations : transition vs. persistence / 
Religion and humane global governance / 
Transition magician for families : helping parents and children with everyday routines / 
Stories from Scripture / 
Politics, discourse, and American society : new agendas / 
The evolution of human sociality : a Darwinian conflict perspective / 
The tale of the rose : the passion that inspired The Little Prince / 
Monsters are red, monsters are blue / 
A commitment to valor : a character portrait of Robert E. Lee / 
Ms. Cheap's guide to getting more for less / 
South Carolina trivia / 
Wisconsin trivia / 
Preventing arthritis : a holistic approach to life without pain / 
India / 
American political parties : decline or resurgence? / 
Judicial process in America / 
A special scar : the experiences of people bereaved by suicide / 
Reshaping national intelligence for an age of information / 
Gusto italiano / 
Moduli of Abelian varieties / 
Cryptography and computational number theory / 
Cosmic butterflies : the colorful mysteries of planetary nebulae / 
Cytometric analysis of cell phenotype and function / 
Ecological management of agricultural weeds / 
Strictly shrimp : a passionate guide to the world's favorite seafood / 
Vegetarian nutrition / 
Electronic navigation systems / 
Handbook of women's health : an evidence-based approach / 
Practical child and adolescent psychopharmacology / 
Sustaining the earth : an integrated approach / 
Civil engineering hydraulics : essential theory with worked examples / 
Fondue / 
Ground studies for pilots. Radio aids / 
Handbook of mouse auditory research : from behavior to molecular biology / 
A guide to MATLAB : for beginners and experienced users / 
Child of promise : one woman's journey from tragedy to triumph / 
Triple- threat trouble / 
Backcourt ace / 
The raptor virus : a novel / 
The Middle English lyric and short poem / 
Barron's How to prepare for the GRE psychology, Graduate Record Examination in psychology / 
Conscious seeing : transforming your life through your eyes / 
Clinical cases in neurology / 
Durham's place names of San Diego County / 
Tornadoes / 
The gracing of human experience : rethinking the relationship between nature and grace / 
The constitutional history of England : a course of lectures / 
The Supreme Court of the United States : its history and influence in our constitutional system / 
Land of tears : in Vietnam, 1967-1968 / 
Women before the bench / 
Vibrational medicine : the #1 handbook of subtle-energy therapies / 
Iron horses in the valley : the Valley and Shenandoah Valley Railroads, 1866-1882 / 
Condensed encyclopedia of polymer engineering terms / 
Microscopic and macroscopic simulation : towards predictive modelling of the earthquake process / 
Stucco, stone, and steel : new materials in open space design / 
The Cambridge companion to pop and rock / 
Echoes of the falling spring : a novel / 
Abraham Lincoln : the complete book of facts, quizzes, and trivia / 
The foursome / 
Letting your heart sing : a daily journal for the soul / 
Saying I do was the easy part : secrets to a dynamic & fulfilling marriage / 
The skeptical environmentalist : measuring the real state of the world / 
Building parsers with Java / 
The cruel years : American voices at the dawn of the twentieth century / 
Travels in the labyrinth : Mexican art in the Pollak collection / 
How to research / 
Surveying the social world : principles and practice in survey research / 
StEPs : statements of entitlement to play : a framework for playful teaching with 3-7-year-olds/ 
My new friends / 
My community, my family / 
Basic bankruptcy law for paralegals / 
Milton Avery : the late paintings / 
Celebrate : 
Understanding optical fiber communications / 
Managing Internet-driven change in international telecommunications / 
Surveillance and reconnaissance imaging systems : modeling and performance prediction / 
Adaptive array measurements in communications / 
STL tutorial and reference guide : C++ programming with the standard template library / 
EDGAR filer handbook : a guide for electronic filing with the SEC / 
Bear's all-night party / 
Fat cat : a Danish folktale / 
Turbine lubrication in the 21st century / 
Carcinoma of the supraglottic larynx / 
The naughty prince / 
Not fair! : the typology of commonsense unfairness / 
Lord Salisbury's world : conservative environments in late-Victorian Britain / 
Oliver Wendell Holmes and the culture of conversation / 
Style and sociolinguistic variation / 
The object primer : the application developer's guide to object orientation / 
Diabetic adolescents and their families : stress, coping, and adaptation / 
Workers and peasants in the modern Middle East / 
Delinquent networks : youth co-offending in Stockholm / 
Random graphs / 
Traumatic pasts : history, psychiatry, and trauma in the modern age, 1870-1930 / 
The top 20 messages for youth ministry / 
Elementary algebra : 
Simplicial and operad methods in algebraic topology / 
The preservation program blueprint / 
Pooh's Easter egg hunt / 
Communication in U.S. elections : new agendas / 
Audition success : an Olympic sports psychologist teaches performing artists how to win / 
Freud as philosopher : metapsychology after Lacan / 
Achieving our humanity : the idea of a postracial future / 
Curveballs and screwballs / 
Media studies : the essential introduction / 
The great deceiver : unmasking the lies of Satan / 
Lessons from the life of Moody / 
Our legacy : the history of Christian doctrine / 
The hub : Boston past and present / 
Investigating texts : analyzing fiction and nonfiction in high school / 
"Get weird!" : 101 innovative ways to make your company a great place to work / 
Omega-3 fatty acids : chemistry, nutrition, and health effects / 
Supervenience / 
Locke : epistemology and metaphysics / 
A guide to the nuclear arms control treaties / 
Guillaume de Machaut : the capture of Alexandria / 
Studies in the music of Tomás Luis de Victoria / 
God's pace : stress and Psalm 23 / 
Reverse ritual : spiritual knowledge is true communion / 
Lucas Guevara / 
Preaching Luke-Acts / 
UML explained / 
Crystallization in foods / 
Pie in the sky : a memoir about writing and publishing / 
Europe's digital revolution : broadcasting regulation, the EU and the nation state / 
Culture and politics in the information age : a new politics? / 
The political theory of global citizenship / 
Local governance in England and France / 
Nationalism in Italian politics : the stories of the Northern League, 1980-2000 / 
Japan's international relations : politics, economics, and security / 
Send me someone : a true story of love here & hereafter / 
Russian and post-Soviet organized crime / 
Inquisitions and other trial procedures in the Medieval West / 
The priestly blessing of the risen Christ : an exegetico-theological analysis of Luke 24, 50-53 / 
So you want to write : how to master the craft of fiction and the personal narrative / 
Practical review of neuropathology / 
Practice of pediatric orthopedics / 
Business 2010 : five forces that will reshape business-- and how to make them work for you / 
The formation of Turkey : the Seljukid Sultanate of Rūm : eleventh to fourteenth century / 
Common phrases and where they come from / 
Nymphing strategies / 
Fishing the four seasons / 
The Teeny technique for steelhead and salmon / 
Typography and language in everyday life : prescriptions and practices / 
Optimum design 2000 / 
Language and characterisation : people in plays and other texts / 
Healthy people 2010 : understanding and improving health / 
User-centered Web development / 
Introduction to 80x86 assembly language and computer architecture / 
The child's world : assessing children in need / 
Friendship and agent-relative morality / 
Political investigations : Hegel, Marx, Arendt / 
Childhood, class, and kin in the Roman world / 
Third sector policy at the crossroads : an international non-profit analysis / 
Descartes : belief, skepticism, and virtue / 
Moral self-regard : duties to oneself in Kant's moral theory / 
The constitution of markets : essays in political economy / 
Rational choice and criminal behavior : recent research and future challenges / 
The history and narrative reader / 
The armies of East Asia : 
Symbols of Japan : thematic motifs in art and design / 
Tolerance : between forbearance and acceptance / 
The animal rights debate / 
High maintenance / 
Autobiography by women in German / 
Forest friends' five senses  / 
Modernism and nation building : Turkish architectural culture in the early republic / 
Music in Willa Cather's fiction / 
Twelve years in the saddle with the Texas Rangers / 
Unthinking social science : the limits of nineteenth-century paradigms / 
Office ergonomics / 
Brazilian popular music & globalization / 
Biography and the postmodern historical novel / 
Approaches to the poetics of Derek Walcott / 
Solomonic iconography in early Stuart England : Solomon's wisdom, Solomon's folly / 
Texas oil and the New Deal : populist corruption / 
Michael Polanyi's philosophy of science / 
Cost-benefit analysis : legal, economic, and philosophical perspectives / 
Anaïs Nin's narratives / 
The visitable past : a wartime memoir / 
The gardener's guide to growing orchids / 
Arnis : history and development of the Filipino martial arts / 
Beauty in the beasts : true stories of animals who choose to do good / 
Monetary policy rules / 
Building Hoover Dam : an oral history of the Great Depression / 
Combat chaplain : a thirty-year Vietnam battle / 
A dictionary of language / 
The hybrid muse : postcolonial poetry in English / 
Healing plants : medicine of the Florida Seminole Indians / 
Milwaukee : city by the waters / 
Building a world community : globalisation and the common good / 
The metamorphoses of Ovid / 
Medicine's brave new world : bioengineering and the new genetics / 
Florida in the Civil War : a state in turmoil / 
Animal ecology / 
An entrance for the eyes : space and meaning in seventeenth-century Dutch art / 
Covering immigration : popular images and the politics of the nation / 
Matthew and empire : initial explorations / 
Touching eternity : the enduring outcomes of teaching / 
The rise of cotton mills in the South / 
Classics of Civil War fiction / 
Language play / 
Our voices : Native stories of Alaska and the Yukon / 
Science and Native American communities : legacies of pain, visions of promise / 
Courting Susannah / 
Secrets of the heart / 
The anatomy of melancholy / 
The lore and language of schoolchildren / 
Maximum muscle : factory special muscle cars / 
If I were minister of education and other poems in English and other tongues / 
Angling into light : poems / 
Multicultural education in a pluralistic society / 
Property, welfare, and freedom in the thought of Thomas Paine : a critical edition / 
Reading issues of wealth and poverty in Luke-Acts / 
Emerson and Zen Buddhism / 
The hearing / 
The taming of a tigress / 
Taking Lottie home / 
Learning landscape ecology : a practical guide to concepts and techniques / 
The Lombard cavalcade : a novel / 
Pacific cavalcade / 
John Paul II : the encyclicals in everyday language / 
Paddling southern New England : 30 canoe trips in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut / 
Backroad bicycling in eastern Pennsylvania : 25 rides for touring and mountain bikes / 
Leadership and groups in recreational service / 
Substitute teacher's reference manual / 
Between man and God : issues in Judaic thought / 
Japanese American internment during World War II : a history and reference guide / 
A natural right to die : twenty-three centuries of debate / 
Teenage pregnancy : a global view / 
America and the world / 
Handbook of research on Catholic education / 
Joss and gold / 
Multicultural writers from antiquity to 1945 : a bio-bibliographical sourcebook / 
Seduction and death in Muriel Spark's fiction / 
Diversity in libraries : academic residency programs / 
Daily life in Renaissance Italy / 
A lust for virtue : Louis XIV's attack on sin in seventeenth-century France / 
Nationalism, globalization, and orthodoxy : the social origins of ethnic conflict in the Balkans / 
Readings on the short stories of Edgar Allan Poe / 
Abduction in my life : a novel of alien encounters / 
Tariki : embracing despair, discovering peace / 
Materials in dentistry : principles and applications / 
One woman determined to make a difference : the life of Madeleine Zabriskie Doty / 
An American musical dynasty : a biography of the Wolle family of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania / 
Combining medication and psychosocial treatments for addictions : the BRENDA approach / 
Marina Silva : defending rainforest communities in Brazil / 
100 backgammon puzzles / 
School choice or best systems : what improves education? / 
Strategic human resource management : people and performance management in the public sector / 
Gun violence : opposing viewpoints / 
Developing teams through project-based learning / 
Implementing ISO 9000:2000 / 
Drawing together to develop self-control / 
The encyclopedia of saints / 
Loud speaker and headphone handbook / 
The animator's guide to 2d computer animation / 
DVD production / 
The practical guide to photographic lighting for film and digital photography / 
The art of digital audio / 
Kitchen confidential : adventures in the culinary underbelly / 
Eating disorders : opposing viewpoints / 
The cancer poetry project : poems by cancer patients and those who love them / 
How to make great short feature films : the making of Ghosthunter / 
Dietary reference intakes. Applications in dietary assessment : 
Atrial flutter : from mechanism to treatment / 
Disasters in space exploration / 
Public offerings / 
Animal life cycles : growing up in the wild / 
Liftlog : diary and guide for strength training / 
Instant parties / 
Powers, weakness, and the tabernacling of God / 
Reading the Bible in faith : theological voices from the pastorate / 
Between cross and Resurrection : a theology of Holy Saturday / 
David's secret demons : messiah, murderer, traitor, king / 
Revelation and the end of all things / 
Hillary's turn : inside her improbable, victorious Senate campaign / 
The National Geographic traveler. Boston & environs with the Cape, Providence & Newport / 
Golfing Florida's best / 
Properties and applications of amorphous materials / 
Supermaterials / 
Waves and imaging through complex media / 
International handbook of lifelong learning / 
Topology optimization of structures and composite continua / 
Relationships in the organization of knowledge / 
Signs of war and peace : social conflict and the use of public symbols in Northern Ireland / 
Dance on screen : genres and media from Hollywood to experimental art / 
University of Cincinnati / 
From philosophy to poetry : T.S. Eliot's study of knowledge and experience / 
Auto/biography and the construction of identity and community in the Middle East / 
Circle of fire / 
Friends again? / 
Zen dog / 
Made by the USA : the international system / 
Korea in the cross currents : a century of struggle and the crisis of reunification / 
A man and a woman and a man : a novel / 
Seeing Shelley plain / 
Fluorescence correlation spectroscopy : theory and applications / 
Personal finance / 
Biological systems under extreme conditions : structure and function / 
Neurodegenerative disorders : loss of function through gain of function / 
Photonic analog-to-digital conversion / 
American nursing review : 
Gyros, clocks, interferometers-- : testing relativistic gravity in space / 
A topological aperitif / 
Inverse problems in underwater acoustics / 
Grothendieck duality and base change / 
Randomness and completeness in computational complexity / 
Projecting statistical functionals / 
Noise reduction by wavelet thresholding / 
Monte Carlo strategies in scientific computing / 
Cardiovascular solid mechanics : cells, tissues, and organs / 
The myth of maturity : what teenagers need from parents to become adults / 
The case of the loony cruise / 
Grand ambition : a novel / 
Treasures of Alaska : last great American wilderness / 
The Battle of Britain : the myth and the reality / 
Love sick : one woman's journey through sexual addiction / 
No bull : my life in and out of the markets / 
How to buy a house with no (or little) money down / 
Orthogonal polynomials for exponential weights / 
Handbook of environmental data on organic chemicals / 
Physical science : what the technology professional needs to know / 
Adventure racing : the ultimate guide / 
Primate origins of human cognition and behavior / 
Trekking and climbing in the Indian Himalaya / 
Durham's place names of California's old wine country : includes Napa & Sonoma counties / 
The atomistic nature of crystal growth / 
Society, behaviour, and climate change mitigation / 
Nonperturbative quantum field theory and the structure of matter / 
Ahead of the curve : cases of innovation in environmental management / 
Administrative reform in developing nations / 
Market economies and natural laws / 
Stuck in middle GEAR : South Africa's post-apartheid foreign relations / 
U.S. immigration policy and the undocumented : ambivalent laws, furtive lives / 
The dinosaur store / 
This cold heaven : seven seasons in Greenland / 
Two at a time : having twins : the journey through pregnancy and birth / 
The pirate, Pink / 
The summer of El Pintor / 
If the Buddha married : creating enduring relationships on a spiritual path / 
The enchantment of modern life : attachments, crossings, and ethics / 
The guts and glory of day trading : true stories of day traders who made (or lost) $1,000,000 / 
Democracy and vision : Sheldon Wolin and the vicissitudes of the political / 
Old Regime France, 1648-1788 / 
Understanding immunology / 
The Internet & art : a guidebook for artists / 
Designing Web interfaces / 
India changes course : golden jubilee to millennium / 
Intimate worlds : Indian paintings from the Alvin O. Bellak collection / 
Cooking for health : without meat, dairy, or refined sugar / 
The twelfth and thirteenth centuries, 1066-c.1280 / 
Growth without miracles : readings on the Chinese economy in the era of reform / 
The British empire / 
Applying economics to the environment / 
The Holocaust, never to be forgotten : reflections on the Holy See's document "We remember" / 
Raising musical kids : a guide for parents / 
Designing democracy : what constitutions do / 
Sacred dying : creating rituals for embracing the end of life / 
My name is Izzy : an alcoholic reclaims life / 
Test engineering : a concise guide to cost-effective design, development, and manufacture / 
Underground / 
When life and beliefs collide : how knowing God makes a difference / 
Learn Microsoft SQL server 2000 in three days / 
Girlfriends get together : food, frolic, and fun times / 
Linux 3-D graphics programming / 
Learn SQL Server 2000 administration / 
Integration of transport and trade facilitation : selected regional case studies/ 
Drinking with the cook / 
Sunflower houses : inspiration from the garden : a book for children and their grown-ups / 
Talking about death won't kill you / 
The pocket parent / 
Life is not work, work is not life : simple reminders for finding balance in a 24/7 world / 
Exploring the hidden power of female sexuality : a workbook for women / 
Careers in foreign languages  / 
African American Presbyterian clergywomen : the first twenty-five years / 
Advanced modelling in finance using Excel and VBA / 
Michael Maier's Atalanta fugiens : sources of an alchemical book of emblems / 
The red moon : a novel / 
In code : a mathematical journey / 
Anxiety disorders : an introduction to clinical management and research / 
Conjure times : Black magicians in America / 
Year of the fires : the story of the great fires of 1910 / 
Deadroll : a cycling murder mystery / 
The story of the madman / 
Digital audio broadcasting : principles and applications / 
The epidemiology of diabetes mellitus : an international perspective / 
Plant strategies, vegetation processes, and ecosystem properties / 
Microstereolithography and other fabrication techniques for 3D MEMS / 
ATM signalling : protocols and practice / 
Adaptive method of lines / 
Spectral computations for bounded operators / 
The worst-case scenario survival handbook : travel / 
Ancient wisdom I : the spiritual tale of the scholar Chu Shui Hu / 
Germany : the culture / 
Germany. The people / 
Germany. The land / 
Music and dance / 
Homes / 
The Germans / 
The Poles / 
What is a horse? / 
Native homes / 
The Irish / 
Life in a longhouse village / 
What are camouflage and mimicry? / 
What is a bear? / 
How do animals find food? / 
The gift to be simple : life in Amish country / 
Meeting the challenge of progressive multiple sclerosis / 
Love lights the way : a novel / 
Gleanings : essays on expansive language with prayers for various occasions / 
In his own right : the political odyssey of Senator Robert F. Kennedy / 
Eight great Sherlock Holmes stories / 
Love and politics : women politicians and the ethics of care / 
Red sky at night / 
African American legislators in the American states / 
Experiments with rocks and minerals / 
Experiments with water / 
Space experiments / 
Massachusetts / 
Florida / 
Texas / 
California / 
Georgia / 
The king of all, Sir Duke : Ellington and the artistic revolution / 
German reparations and the Jewish world : a history of the claims conference / 
Vince McMahon Jr. / 
Mick Foley: the story of the wrestler they call "Mankind" / 
The perfect match : pairing delicious recipes with great wine / 
Declaration of independents : skateboarding, snowboarding & music : an intersection of cultures / 
Dan Eldon : the art of life / 
Betty and Rita : la dolce vita / 
Turbulence : a log book / 
Queer pulp : perverted passions from the golden age of the paperback / 
This time forever : a novel / 
Forgotten notes : a novel / 
The life of an unknown : the rediscovered world of a clog maker in nineteenth-century France / 
Under the color of law : a Kevin Kerney novel / 
All his sons : a novella and nine stories / 
A teenager's book about suicide : helping break the silence and preventing death / 
Archaeological encyclopedia of the Holy Land  / 
Billy Kidman / 
Pro wrestling's greatest matches / 
Pro Wrestling: the early years / 
Lex Luger : the story of the wrestler they call "the Total Package" / 
Organic beauty / 
Beyond the chains of illusion : my encounter with Marx and Freud / 
New maps for old : explorations in science and religion / 
Simone de Beauvoir, philosophy & and feminism / 
Nursing research : a qualitative perspective / 
Windows 2000 Graphics API black book / 
The iMac book / 
Dreamweaver 4 visual insight / 
Flash 5 visual insight / 
Flash 5 cartoons and games f/x & design / 
Mac OS X / 
Acute myocardial infarction and other acute ischemic syndromes / 
Analytical fracture mechanics / 
Beyond a physical disability : the person within--a practical guide / 
Buttons, bones, and the organ-grinder's monkey : tales of historical archaeology / 
Slavery and servitude in colonial North America : a short history / 
Lammas : celebrating fruits of the first harvest / 
Book of hours : prayers to the goddess / 
On the threshold of freedom : masters and slaves in Civil War Georgia / 
William Henry Drayton : South Carolina revolutionary patriot / 
Tragic prelude : bleeding Kansas / 
Ho Yi the archer and other classic Chinese tales / 
Anasazi / 
Egypt / 
Communication for social change : 
A+ certification training kit / 
The pocket PC / 
Microsoft SQL server 2000 resource kit / 
The Russian military into the twenty-first century / 
Military logistics and strategic performance / 
Technology and naval combat in the twentieth century and beyond / 
The wisdom of the Talmud / 
A perfect arrangement : a novel / 
Somehow form a family : stories that are mostly true / 
Practical guide to energy management for facilities engineers and managers / 
Law & mental health professionals. South Dakota / 
Civil procedure : cases and problems / 
Play therapy : basics and beyond / 
Thermal spray terminology and company origins / 
The Algeria Hotel : France, memory, and the Second World War / 
A pagan place / 
The last sorcerer : echoes of the rainforest / 
Multinational statutes compared : a research guide to statutes by subject / 
Child-care service / 
Down the highway : the life of Bob Dylan / 
A drink with Shane MacGowan / 
Gothic modernisms / 
Managing the revolution in military affairs / 
Spanish society after Franco : regime transition and the welfare state / 
Citizenship in a global world : comparing citizenship rights for aliens / 
Nations out of empires : European nationalism and the transformation of Asia / 
Political discourse in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century Ireland / 
The political economy of gender in the twentieth-century Caribbean / 
The politics of crisis : an interpretation of British politics, 1931-1945 / 
Referendum democracy : citizens, elites, and deliberation in referendum campaigns / 
T.H. Green's moral and political philosophy : a phenomenological perspective / 
Issues in law and society : 
Opals and outrage : a novel / 
How to live a long life / 
Amanda Rose : a novel / 
To love a man / 
Stranger in my arms / 
My sweet Audrina / 
Temptation / 
My cat saved my life / 
Darkest fear : a Myron Bolitar novel / 
Half a heart / 
Crying wolf / 
Founding brothers / 
The European Union and globalisation : towards global democratic governance / 
Stabilization and adjustment in Egypt : reform or de-industrialzation? / 
Inspiring economics : human motivation in political economy / 
Asia-Pacific issues in international business / 
Photographic possibilities : the expressive use of ideas, materials, and processes / 
The microphone book / 
Producing animation / 
Readings on The plague / 
The 1300's / 
Rock-a-bye prayers : selected scripture from the Authorized King James Version / 
Encyclopedia of mental health / 
Encyclopedia of American religious history / 
Career ideas for kids who like travel / 
Crime and social control in a changing China / 
The battle of Ap Bac, Vietnam : they did everything but learn from it / 
Antisthenes of Athens : setting the world aright / 
Guess what came to dinner? : parasites and your health / 
Foreign body : a Tory Bauer mystery / 
The difficult-to-treat psychiatric patient / 
Treatment of recurrent depression / 
Physical medicine & rehabilitation pearls / 
Fetal and neonatal secrets / 
Integrating complementary medicine into health systems / 
Champions of faith : Catholic sports heroes tell their stories / 
Coastal engineering 2000 : conference proceedings : July 16-21, 2000, Sydney, Australia / 
Data mining with Microsoft SQL server 2000 : technical reference / 
Microsoft BizTalk server 2000 documented / 
MCSE Microsoft Exchange 2000 server administration readiness review : exam 70-224 / 
The view from Goose Ridge : watching nature, seeing life / 
Shock talk : a novel / 
Heart of a warrior / 
Mauve : how one man invented a color that changed the world / 
The assassin : a story of race and rage in the land of apartheid / 
Introduction to reference work / 
Bless your heart / 
Painting the secret world of nature / 
A perfect fit : clothes, character, and the promise of America / 
Paradise lost / 
A life sentence of memories : Konin, Auschwitz, London / 
Glass of the sultans / 
Buckeye women : the history of Ohio's daughters / 
Understanding and evaluating educational research / 
Changing the atmosphere : expert knowledge and environmental governance / 
Communications receivers : DSP, software radios, and design / 
Jevon Kearse : force of one / 
Stormwater collection systems design handbook / 
The reluctant prophet : two bestsellers in one volume / 
Africa / 
Montgomery C. Meigs and the building of the nation's Capital / 
Secrets need words : Indonesian poetry, 1966-1998 / 
Daniel's walk / 
Bread alone / 
The Christian Mother Goose book of nursery rhymes / 
The National Geographic traveler. Greece / 
Around America : a tour of our magnificent coastline / 
In the language of kings : an anthology of Mesoamerican literature--pre-Columbian to the present / 
Dark back of time / 
Buy, rent, and sell : how to profit by investing in residential real estate / 
The heart is Katmandu / 
The practical skeptic : core concepts in sociology / 
101 law forms for personal use / 
Widower's house : a study in bereavement, or, How Margot and Mella forced me to flee my home / 
Chile, Pinochet, and the caravan of death / 
Base instincts : what makes killers kill? / 
The hothouse / 
The first cut / 
The aliens have landed! : poems / 
A guide to writing sociology papers / 
Theater and the politics of culture in contemporary Singapore / 
Stories to share : 
Labour relations and industrial performance in Brazil : 
Religion and social crisis in Japan : understanding Japanese society through the Aum affair / 
Citizenship, labour markets and democratization : Chile and the modern sequence / 
Europe, diplomacy, and development : new issues in EU relations with developing countries / 
Out of war : true stories from the front lines of the Children's Movement for Peace in Colombia / 
Displaced persons : growing up American after the Holocaust / 
Building on women's strengths : a social work agenda for the twenty-first century / 
Innovative cities / 
Pulling no ponchos : an irreverent history of Santa Fe / 
A woman named solitude / 
Simone Weil : a modern pilgrimage / 
Elizabeth / 
A short history of snakes : poems / 
Camping made easy : a manual for beginners with tips for the experienced / 
Quick escapes Detroit : 26 weekend trips from the Motor City / 
Introduction to technical services for library technicians / 
Kierkegaard and the art of irony / 
The book in the age of theater, 1550-1750 / 
The plastic anisotropy in single crystals and polycrystalline metals / 
An introduction to minimax theorems and their applications to differential equations / 
Direct methods for solving the Boltzmann equation and study of nonequilibrium flows / 
Fundamentals of tribology and bridging the gap between the macro- and micro/nanoscales / 
The (im)possibilities of machine translation / 
Aikido for self discovery : blueprint for an enlightened life / 
Metacognition in learning and instruction : theory, research, and practice / 
Your wish is my command : programming by example / 
The kid who climbed Everest : the incredible story of a 23-year-old's Summit of Mt. Everest / 
The frontiersmen  : a narrative / 
Swarm intelligence / 
Mercia : an Anglo-Saxon kingdom in Europe / 
The scoliosis sourcebook / 
Financial institution acquisitions and alliances / 
Innovation policy in the knowledge-based economy / 
The New Europe at the crossroads : Europe's classical heritage in the twenty-first century / 
Health care benefits law / 
Cambridge Latin course. Unit 2 / 
Birgitta of Sweden and the voice of prophecy / 
A thematic guide to optimality theory / 
Finite elements : theory, fast solvers, and applications in solid mechanics / 
Alternate assessment : measuring outcomes and supports for students with disabilities / 
Public works : student writing as public text / 
A finer end / 
Sticks & scones / 
High performance selling : advice, tactics, and tools : the complete guide to sales success. 
An introduction to meaning and purpose in analytical psychology / 
The devil went down to Austin / 
Die upon a kiss / 
The innovative woman : creative ways to reach your potential / 
Interviews with brief therapy experts / 
Life review in health and social care : a practitioner's guide / 
The parent to parent handbook : connecting families of children with special needs / 
Annie's trust / 
In a Chinese city / 
Rancho notorious : poems / 
For another Europe : a class analysis of European economic integration / 
Strong women eat well : nutritional strategies for a healthy body and mind / 
Homespun Sarah / 
Educating children with AD/HD : a teacher's manual / 
Zenon Kar, spaceball star / 
Lord Salisbury : a political biography / 
Common sense and nuclear warfare / 
Ghost soldiers : the forgotten epic story of World War II's most dramatic mission / 
Death in holy orders / 
French lessons : adventures with knife, fork, and corkscrew / 
Next please / 
The practice of penance, 900-1050 / 
Hebrew and Zionism : a discourse analytic cultural study / 
Walking on the land / 
Free stuff & good deals on the Internet / 
Free stuff & good deals for your pet / 
Free stuff & good deals for folks over 50 / 
Textbook of orthodontics / 
Ghostly poems / 
Historic cities and sacred sites : cultural roots for urban futures / 
Cowardly capitalism : the myth of the global financial casino / 
The will to win : the life of General James A. Van Fleet / 
Terrible lizard : the first dinosaur hunters and the birth of a new science / 
Perfect 10 : writing and producing the ten-minute play / 
Threats in schools : a practical guide for managing violence / 
Customer equity : building and managing relationships as valuable assets / 
The digital enterprise : how to reshape your business for a connected world / 
Embodiment of a nation : human form in American places / 
The tangled field : Barbara McClintock's search for the patterns of genetic control / 
Don't know much about space / 
Finding a lover for life : a gay man's guide to finding a lasting relationship / 
A theology for pastoral psychotherapy : God's play in sacred spaces / 
Ethnobiology at the millennium : past promise and future prospects / 
While the locust slept / 
Picturing Lake Minnetonka : a postcard history / 
Field trips : 
Partisans and Redcoats : the southern conflict that turned the tide of the American Revolution / 
Problems facing contemporary Africa and viable strategies for redress / 
Danitra Brown leaves town / 
An introduction to the International Criminal Court / 
Capitalist development in the twentieth century : an evolutionary-Keynesian analysis / 
Stochastic climate models / 
The British piano sonata, 1870-1945 / 
The cornbread killer : a Heaven Lee mystery / 
An angel to die for / 
How to speak alien : invading your teens' world without invading their space / 
The book of Daniel : composition and reception / 
The role of divine grace in the soteriology of Śaṃkarācārya  / 
A visit to Vanity fair : moral essays on the present age / 
Lemon zest : more than 175 recipes with a twist / 
Mobile commerce : opportunities, applications, and technologies of wireless business / 
Myofibrillogenesis / 
Bettas : everything about history, care, nutrition, handling, and behavior / 
Thinking sociologically / 
A companion to cultural studies / 
The character of the Syriac version of the first book of Samuel / 
Res judicata : a handbook on its theory, doctrine, and practice / 
African American English in the diaspora / 
Wittgenstein : a critical reader / 
Advances in dynamic games and applications / 
Let's review. Earth science, the physical setting / 
Ascendance / 
The Cambridge companion to Tom Stoppard / 
Desmond Tutu's message : a qualitative analysis / 
The Parsis of India : preservation of identity in Bombay city / 
History of Biblical Israel : major problems and minor issues / 
The owner-built adobe house / 
Matisse in the Cone Collection : the poetics of vision / 
Judgement and salvation : the composition and redaction of Micah 2-5 / 
The Blackwell companion to the Hebrew Bible / 
The religious / 
The Blackwell guide to philosophical logic / 
Analytic philosophy : an anthology / 
The Castells reader on cities and social theory / 
International macroeconomics and finance : theory and econometric methods / 
The thunder keeper / 
The last harbor : a novel / 
Fatherlands : state-building and nationhood in nineteenth-century Germany / 
Days of awe / 
Collected papers on Greek colonization / 
United States : essays : 1952-1992 / 
Royal Babylon : the alarming history of European royalty / 
Papa's latkes / 
200 years of syntax : a critical survey / 
The rise and fall of Renaissance France : 1483-1610 / 
Introduction to modern virology / 
Assets for the poor : the benefits of spreading asset ownership / 
Effective management : a multimedia approach / 
Practical methods for optimal control using nonlinear programming / 
Software radio : technologies and services / 
Epidermal features and spikelet micromorphology in Oryza and related genera (Poaceae:Oryzeae) / 
Inclusive design : designing and developing accessible environments / 
Breaking the rules : home style for the way we live today / 
Strategies for nursing leadership / 
Nursing leaders speak out : issues and opinions / 
Lasik : a color atlas and surgical synopsis / 
The columnist : a novel / 
Diamonds / 
Copper / 
County courthouses of Pennsylvania : a guide / 
Digital human modeling for vehicle and workplace design / 
Threatened landscapes : conserving cultural environments / 
Fathomsuns and Benighted / 
The inferno / 
Profiles in children's literature : discussions with authors, artists, and editors / 
Hitchcock's Rear window : the well-made film / 
Snowboarding / 
Strengthen your immune system : 
Race to the finish / 
I don't want to live on the moon / 
Food! / 
1,2,3 by Elmo / 
Manual of arthroscopic surgery / 
Computational single-electronics / 
Superplastic flow : phenomenology and mechanics / 
Real analysis / 
Intelligent machine vision : techniques, implementations, and applications / 
Essential ColdFusion fast : developing web-based applications / 
Linear time varying systems and sampled-data systems / 
Nonextensive statistical mechanics and its applications / 
Current aspects of neutrino physics / 
Affective interactions : toward a new generation of computer interfaces / 
Riata Ranch Cowboy Girls : life lessons learned on the back of a horse / 
Azimuth / 
Electroactive polymer (EAP) actuators as artificial muscles : reality, potential, and challenges / 
Selected papers on subwavelength diffractive optics / 
Fall changes / 
George Washington, foundation of presidential leadership and character / 
Capturing the revolution : the United States, Central America, and Nicaragua, 1961-1972 / 
The new schoolhouse : literacy, managers, and belief / 
Paradigms explained : rethinking Thomas Kuhn's philosophy of science / 
Democratization and expansionism : historical lessons, contemporary challenges / 
Masks and mirrors : Generation X and the chameleon personality / 
The armchair millionaire / 
Mrs. Simms' fun cooking guide / 
Women and migration : anthropological perspectives / 
Stars & strife : the coming conflicts between the USA and the European Union / 
Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy / 
Christopher Radko's heart of Christmas / 
Parenting the office / 
Organizational behavior : a diagnostic approach / 
Never change / 
The golden chance ; Silver linings / 
Miracle of the poinsettia : a retelling / 
The Japanese way of justice : prosecuting crime in Japan / 
Hail to the chief : the making and unmaking of American presidents / 
Criminal investigations : a scenario-based text for police recruits and officers / 
Introduction to agricultural economics / 
Writing & speaking at work : a practical guide for business communication / 
Applied kinematics worktext / 
Exorcising the ghost of Westphalia : building world order in the new millennium / 
The black & white book : two sides to every story / 
Soul prints : your path to fulfillment / 
Pride & joy : African-American baby celebrations / 
Stealing secrets, telling lies : how spies and codebreakers helped shape the twentieth century / 
The literary garden / 
Kick ass : selected columns of Carl Hiaasen / 
Organizational behavior / 
An introduction to economic dynamics / 
Efficient processing with constraint-logic grammars using grammar compilation / 
Zero gravity 2.0 : launching technology companies in a tougher venture capital world / 
The perfect cake / 
The Simpsons and philosophy : the d'oh! of Homer / 
Bound to bond : gender, genre, and the Hollywood romantic comedy / 
Things not seen / 
Analyzing e-commerce & internet law / 
From Camelot to Kent State : the sixties experience in the words of those who lived it / 
A school named for someone like me / 
Understanding international relations / 
Paradigms of social change : modernization, development, transformation, evolution / 
Rainforest researchers / 
Operator theory, system theory, and related topics : the Moshe Livšic anniversary volume / 
On particle verbs and similar constructions in German / 
The significance of word lists  / 
Anatomy of murder : mystery, detective, and crime fiction / 
All elevations unknown : an adventure in the heart of Borneo / 
Biblical ambiguities : metaphor, semantics, and divine imagery / 
The big O, orgasms : how to have them, give them, and keep them coming / 
Mum's the word / 
Peter the Great : the struggle for power, 1671-1725 / 
The St. Louis Irish : an unmatched Celtic community / 
American women prose writers : 1820-1870 / 
The Middle Ages / 
Get better or get beaten! : 29 leadership secrets from GE's Jack Welch / 
Post-war British drama : looking back in gender / 
In the city of shy hunters : a novel / 
All about DRIPs and DSPs / 
The California nonprofit corporation kit / 
American military strategy : memos to a president / 
Armed : new perspectives on gun control / 
Natural disasters / 
Design-build : planning through development / 
Landscape architect's portable handbook / 
The McGraw-Hill civil engineering PE exam guide : breadth and depth / 
Buried pipe design / 
Forest measurements / 
Ansel Adams at 100 / 
Light from within : photojournals / 
The basic EMT : 
Fine marble in architecture / 
Stone in the garden : inspiring designs and practical projects / 
Cass Gilbert, life and work : architect of the public domain / 
The country houses of David Adler / 
These fiery frenchified dames : women and political culture in early national Philadelphia / 
The hero and the perennial journey home in American film / 
Time full of trial : the Roanoke Island freedmen's colony, 1862-1867 / 
The shaping of Southern culture : honor, grace, and war, 1760s-1890s / 
Ultrasonography in vascular diseases : a practical approach to clinical problems / 
Hearing aids / 
Ultrasonography in urology : a practical approach to clinical problems / 
May her likes be multiplied : biography and gender politics in Egypt / 
The splendid feast of reason / 
Solving your script : tools and techniques for the playwright / 
Acting strategies for the cyber age / 
Ethics and medical decision-making / 
Obesity / 
LINUX : the textbook / 
Expert guide to infectious diseases / 
I Am : Eucharistic meditations on the Gospel / 
Cinderella : an Art Deco love story / 
Self perception / 
Diminishing welfare : a cross-national study of social provision / 
In the kingdom of songs : a trilogy of poems, 1952-2000 / 
Biz dev 3.0 : changing business as we know it / 
Steven Spielberg : crazy for movies / 
The Endangered Species Act : law, policy, and perspectives / 
Witty words from wise women : quips, quotes, and comebacks / 
Communications law and policy : cases and materials / 
Telephone medicine : a guide for the practicing physician / 
Immunology of infectious diseases / 
The Peterkins' Christmas / 
The place of God in Piers Plowman and medieval art / 
Triceratops / 
Tyrannosaurus rex / 
Archaeopteryx / 
Coelophysis / 
Velociraptor / 
Shania Twain / 
Michael J. Fox / 
Tom Cruise / 
Tom Hanks / 
Masonry test methods and specifications for the building industry / 
Lick the sugar habit sugar counter : discover the hidden sugar in your food / 
The liver : biology and pathobiology / 
The hospital visit : a pastor's guide / 
The law of miscellaneous and commercial surety bonds / 
Dairy farm friends : a rhyming story for children / 
Heartland / 
David Anakht / 
Making gears : by the single-toothed hob method / 
The Crime zone / 
An American gulag : secret P.O.W. camps for teens / 
Hunted / 
A brush of my own / 
U-571 : a novel / 
Where dreams begin / 
Soul speak : opening to divine guidance / 
Fire on the mountain : past renewals, present revivals, and the coming return of Israel / 
In search of the silver lining : where is God in the midst of life's storms? / 
Kingdom relationships : God's laws for the community of faith / 
al-iman and alʻamulu assalih : faith and righteous actions / 
Being a pediatrician / 
Reminders for the journey : reflections for mothers / 
Mine to win : an anthology of heroic poems / 
Wild thyme and other temptations / 
The confident gambler / 
The sleep ponies / 
American marking gages : patented and manufactured / 
Horseplay / 
Simply Wright : a journey into the ideas of Frank Lloyd Wright's architecture / 
Between the sounds : poems / 
Essential love : poems about mothers and fathers, daughters and sons / 
Understanding human consciousness / 
The little ferry and the hiding peanuts / 
For every thing a season : 
Art scene Chicago 2000 / 
A bloodline of kings : a novel of Philip of Macedon / 
Historical drift : must my church die? : how to detect, diagnose, and reverse the trends / 
Milestones & memories : seasons of change-- SECURA's 100-year journey / 
Measuring the night : evolutionary astrology and the keys to the soul / 
Tools for teams : the manager's guide to building teams / 
The shape of the future / 
The McCully train : Iowa to Oregon, 1852 / 
Taoist Master Chuang / 
True fundamentalism / 
The God-code and creation : God's standard of foundation upon all creation / 
Russians in the Bering Strait, 1648-1791 / 
On the seventh day, he rested : an exploration of the nature of rest on the Shabbat / 
Obscenity and pornography decisions of the United States Supreme Court  / 
Memories of the past : a story of my life in the 20th century / 
Atheist / 
The talk of the galaxy : an ET message for us? / 
Every man's sword : a journal from Viet Nam--1967-1968 / 
Collected poems / 
Pocket handbook of Chinese herbal medicine : 300 individual herbs / 
I will soon be of the past : a book on preserving your heritage / 
Two to Mexico / 
A field guide on the hiring process from both sides of the desk / 
Russia, between sword and cross / 
Dreamtide : with Principia spiritualia I / 
Demonstrations with Principia spiritualia, II-III / 
The mythic harp / 
Elvis no. 1 : the complete chart history of Elvis Presley / 
La otra frontera : relatos / 
The gospel according to Winner, Larry and friends / 
In her place : inner views and outer spaces / 
Patterson and the Great Green Greedy Galumpus / 
The desperate years / 
BloodSpeak / 
Winking at life / 
Water : the vital force of life : a primer on water in the living cell / 
Jazz music in Chicago's early south-side theaters / 
How he priested : the story of Malcolm P. Riker / 
Discovering Oregon : Oregon history for Christian schools and home schoolers / 
Land without a country / 
Cooking wild game & fish southern style / 
The art of Leadership by Sun Tzu : a new millennium translation of Sun Tzu's Art of War / 
A year in Chautauqua / 
Ronson, the world's greatest lighter : wick lighters, 1913-2000 / 
The proof of nothing : a theory of everthing / 
Urgent news! / 
Tibbetts talk / 
Being Jewish in a gentile world : a survival guide / 
Civil War letters of Francis J. Phelps / 
Meditations for actors : for the actor within us all / 
Photo opportunity ; Scottie ; The turning point / 
Tasting paradise : restaurants & recipes of the Hawaiian Islands / 
My country, too : the other black music / 
Literatures of the diaspora / 
Company policy : the rage behind the mask : a play / 
The Ritalin handbook : what every parent and patient should know / 
The gospel-- explained by the spiritist doctrine / 
The launch manual : an introduction to the principles of world takeover / 
A walk for sunshine : a 2,160-mile expedition for charity on the Appalachian Trail / 
Harmony's angel / 
The doctor as customer : a guide for pharmaceutical representatives / 
Flying to Marcy : early aviation history of Oneida County, N.Y. / 
Fredric Jackson's ancestors / 
Jimmie Boogie learns about smoking / 
Descendants of the Walsh-Dorans of Ireland and Rock County, Wisconsin / 
"At all costs" : my life with the man behind the Tiger / 
Soul mates dissipate : a novel / 
Survivors : a catalog of Missouri's remaining 19th century county courthouses / 
The ultimate guide for pharmaceutical reps / 
My students' favorite Chinese recipes : a collection of classroom-tested popular recipes / 
A life in the 20th century / 
Biblical classification of life : a framework and reference for authentic Biblical biology / 
Caravaggio on the beach : essays on art in the 1990's / 
Why don't God's people get it? : an exploration of God's natural laws governing the mind / 
The danger of Islam / 
The Dutch master : the life and times of Johnny Vander Meer / 
Good job! : a cloud of short stories/ 
Deeper lifestyle : insights for spirit-filled Christians / 
Wind wolf woman : the story of a medicine woman / 
Dr. John's healing psoriasis cookbook...plus! / 
Día de Muertos en México. Ciudad de México, Mixquic y Morelos / 
The AIDS indictment / 
Guided muscles for winning sports / 
How to evaluate a school / 
The bishop of Stinking Creek Hollow / 
A land I hardly knew / 
Splendor in the bluegrass : a cookbook / 
Second opinion Dx Gulf War syndrome / 
Ninth street notebook : voice of a nurse in the city / 
TV--sex, lies & promos : cashing in on TV's best kept secret / 
Joe Karson, beyond zombie / 
Racing in the skies : a pilgrimage to the past / 
Plantation secrets : a novel / 
Pardon me-- is that the Chattanooga Choo-Choo? / 
Eve, did she or didn't she? : the seedline hypothesis under scrutiny / 
Roadsongs, a journey into the life and mindscapes of an American artist / 
A place apart : houses of Christian hospitality and prayer in Europe. Belgium, France / 
Watching a river freeze : selections from coastal Maine / 
A very intimate occupation / 
The most qualified : a nurse reservist's experience in the Persian Gulf War / 
Toponymy : the lore, laws, and language of geographical names / 
Sawyer's crossing : a New England novel / 
Our Presbyterian heritage / 
Marriage with an attitude : how to build an exciting marriage with a fantastic attitude! / 
Two hundred books by Keith Smith : book number 200, an anecdotal bibliography / 
Who am I? : secular identities contrasted with our identity in Christ / 
Ransom for justice / 
The spiritual veil of trekology / 
Boating and diving Catalina Island / 
My life with God in and out of the church / 
Home winemaking, step-by-step : a guide to fermenting wine grapes / 
Enchanted companions : stories of dolls in our lives / 
The perfect Christmas tree / 
The legend of Snowflake, the messenger deer / 
Molly's Christmas mystery / 
Along the path of enlightenment / 
Ear reflexology : magnet acupressure therapy / 
Beria's spectacles / 
Samuel Yellin, metalworker / 
More about Smoke Hole / 
A little piece of sky / 
Operation recognition : honoring Nebraska war veterans / 
The author's toolkit : a step-by-step guide to writing a book / 
Haunts of Arizona / 
Index to the 1920 census, Delaware County, Oklahoma / 
St. Mary Church, 1758-2000 : a history for the millennium / 
Probert family history & album / 
The Lasater philosophy of cattle raising / 
Maconaquah's story : the saga of Frances Slocum / 
My Oregon life : the memories of a 20th century pioneer / 
Breathing in : a collection of poetry / 
Work comp index / 
Defying zero : poems / 
Islanded in linear time : poems / 
Mail from jail: a glimpse into a mother's nightmare / 
Torry Island boy of the Everglades / 
Coming of age / 
Golf made difficult / 
American police equipment : a guide to early restraints, clubs and lanterns / 
The college student's guide to eating well on campus / 
Calculation of drug dosages / 
Pretend you're dead, okay? / 
Charleston & Western Carolina Railway album / 
Egyptian harmony : the visual music / 
Diversity blues : how to shake'em / 
Shiloh to Stones River / 
Thomas H. Elsom : Spokane's first telephone installer / 
Clever costume creating for Halloween : an A to Z guide of 200 costume ideas / 
Achieving civility at school : a case study / 
Fred / 
Needlelace and stumpwork : contemporary designs and techniques for dimensional embroidery / 
Sea stories of Cape Cod and the Islands / 
Culture is more important than you think / 
Creating a cooperative learning center : an idea-book for homeschooling families / 
Acadia revealed : Mount Desert Island & Acadia National Park / 
Marching as to war : my uncles in World War II / 
Pentecostal daughters-- "They shall prophesy," Joel 2:28,29 : women in preaching ministry / 
Views : 
Big Creek 2000 : a town and its people, 1910 to 2000 / 
Arlington's first parish : a history, 1733-1990 / 
Las Vegas trivia / 
Fragments of being / 
No more foot pain : how you can "fix" your feet and knees / 
Los descosidos labios del silencio / 
Land between : new and selected poems / 
A certain kind of treasure / 
Chicago : a novel / 
Apple pie & bourbon whiskey : a novel / 
The temptation of Adam, and other stories / 
Town of Guilford, Chenango County, New York : burial grounds and cemeteries / 
Three minutes of intimacy : dance your way to a sensational social life / 
Sybil Ludington : the call to arms / 
Genesis / 
The Gospel of John / 
The "atheism" of the early church / 
Hebrews, James & Jude / 
Thy kingdom come : studies in Daniel and Revelation / 
A century + ten of D&RGW narrow gauge freight cars, 1871 to 1981 / 
Liberty & law : culture, court, and consent of the governed / 
A Celtic childhood / 
The hermitess Photini / 
A westward migration : the Cyrus W. Harvey family / 
Elder rage : or, take my father ... please! ; how to survive caring for aging parents / 
The gapfiller : episodes from an old war / 
Maximilian the great / 
Blackjack the smart way / 
Martin P6M SeaMaster / 
Exterior ballistics : toward exact fire-control / 
Akṛamaneak : tramakhaṛn kʻōmēti erekʻ araruatsov / 
Journeys / 
Ruben Moser's miracle / 
Police, politics, corruption : the mixture dangerous to freedom and justice / 
My outdoor buddy / 
The chemistry and characteristics of explosive materials / 
The final photo of the Romanovs : this same night God left Russia / 
Barnes--Ralph : seasons gone by : colonial America to 2000 / 
Honduras : once upon a memory / 
Flo's animal world : 162 watercolors / 
AA around the world : 
"I remember" : a true story by the man who lived it / 
Crucified for Christ : the story of Joseph Richard / 
Field of stones / 
The elements of aircraft preliminary design / 
Pursuit of the grander / 
Theresa Youssef's vegetable gardening for beginners / 
Rocky Marciano : the 13th candle : the true story of an American legend / 
Ship and shore : the story of Royston & Rayzor / 
Cancer cure in 100 days : prevention, cure and anti-recurrence / 
Effective and affordable AIDS cure : natures answer to AIDS epidemic / 
Silent millionaires and how you can join them / 
Radiant health without prescription : perfect health through prevention / 
You weigh what you believe : change your mistaken life-style beliefs and lose weight / 
Furniture repairs from A to Z : a quick reference guide of tips and techniques / 
Burnside and sideburns : a tale of Civil War days / 
The New Haven Paint & Clay Club 100th anniversary  exhibition : September 10-October 22, 2000 / 
Money for nothing : secrets the IRS doesn't want you to know! / 
Logs & moonshine : tales of Buffalo City, N.C. / 
The geography of Neandertals and modern humans in Europe and the greater Mediterranean / 
Woodwinds : fundamental performance techniques / 
Writing successfully / 
Children remember their fathers : a collection from among America's new poets / 
Day hiking near Sun Valley / 
So, ya wanna be a cowboy : an excerpt from the autobiography She done it on purpose / 
Girl in movement : a memoir / 
True love stories / 
Make life count! : 50 ways to great days / 
[Zanimatelʹnyĭ angliĭskiĭ / 
Grandfather's ship the S.S. United States / 
Robert Good and his descendants / 
Kapinaitės : transcendencijos link / 
Make money self-publishing : learn how from fourteen successful small publishers / 
Defying the fates : the remarkable story of a Jew who survived in Nazi Europe / 
The amateur archaeologist in the Great Basin / 
Wineries of the Finger Lakes Region : the heart of New York State / 
The sugar cane curtain : historical novel / 
Tales of a roads scholar : people and places of the heart / 
880-01 Qadamhā-yi āshtī va masʼūlīyat-i mā Afghānhā / 
From ox carts to space travel / 
The historical Jesus : quests and questions / 
The students of Deep Springs College / 
The German research companion / 
Necessary ports : a travel memoir / 
Mission to Pomerania : where Bonhoeffer met the Holocaust : a history and traveler's journal / 
Lerner's consumer guide to health care : how to get the best health care for less / 
The Christian heritage of the 50 United States of America / 
Fund raising & marketing in the one-person shop : achieving success with limited resources / 
Kiss, boo, bang : film analysis and criticism from the 1998-1999 threatrical release season / 
Along the cowboy trail : the American cowboy in photographs, verse and lore / 
America's Black trap / 
Can teachers own their own schools? : new strategies for educational excellence / 
Multipart porcelain insulators / 
Circuses & sailing ships : recollections of a runaway New England boy / 
Fire & smoke : government, lawsuits, and the rule of law / 
The magic sandman / 
Candor Village, yesterday and today : a centennial celebration edition / 
Roger Pinckney of England and South Carolina : a family history / 
Bluestem / 
The American streamliner : postwar years / 
Rain city cats : a true international adventure / 
Tutoring as a successful business : an expert tutor shows you how / 
Staying up, up, up in a down, down, world / 
Quarterback your investment plan : the basics for beginners / 
A history of the Urantia papers / 
Encyclopedia of Asian tennis / 
Wood amongst the wires : the temporary solution / 
The Portuguese making of America / 
Lovers in Lomé, and other stories / 
Consequence : beyond resisting rape / 
Twice the diplomat : Frederick Douglass's assignments to the island of Santo Domingo / 
Reactionary-revised 2000 / 
Poestries / 
What to do when your child has obsessive-compulsive disorder : strategies and solutions / 
Hawaii wild : adventuring in rainbow isles / 
AKA the Humphries family / 
Dodging the last bullet : a memoir / 
Baltimore Royal Arch Chapter No. 40, 1910-2000 / 
The box seat dream : a baseball story / 
Ukrainian churches and congregations in Ontario / 
Aspen on foot / 
PeeWee Pipes and the wing thing / 
SMARTrans : Sensible Mountain Area Railway Transport / 
Northwest shore dives / 
Buffalo in our backyard / 
Triumph. III, Philadelphia terminal, 1838-2000 / 
Steads Ranch & Hotel : echoes within the moraines / 
Talking rock / 
Searching for the good : a young man's journey to war and back / 
Amphibious operations in the South Pacific in World War II / 
Dustbowl to paradise : eastern Colorado to Frisco, Colorado : Harold's humorous history / 
Gems of wisdom, heart of gold : inspiration from the past for people of the future / 
AIDS & African Americans : a guide for substance abuse, sexuality, and care / 
Descendants of John Orrell, Sr. & Mary Hunt of Maryland / 
The pocket paper engineer : how to make pop-ups step-by-step / 
Hallingdal heritage, 65 B.C.-2000 A.D., Odden family history / 
Successful beverage management : proven strategies for the on-premise operator / 
A harmony of mathematics and the Scriptures : a Christian apologetic / 
Country Club heritage : a history and guide to a Denver neighborhood / 
Humane pressure point self-defense / 
It all started here : Norma Jean Rempe / 
Two codes for murder : a true crime story / 
Miscellaneous and unknown : cultural souvenirs from Prince George's County, Maryland / 
Why worry when God-- : scriptural therapy for anxiety / 
The American home is a fire trap / 
Unnamed warrior / 
Making the most of Marin : a California guide  / 
Woman of steel : a Tuvan epic / 
Growing up Eleanor : 
New civilization : liberation from materialism / 
In the woods, at the water : healing journeys into nature / 
Braided River : a collection of poetry / 
Vera Bradley : 
The Jacob Zimmerman, Sr. family of Hartley Township, Union County, Pennsylvania / 
Oatam Marca, the Indian doctor / 
Uneasy allies : Anglo-Portuguese relations, 1642-1662 / 
Logbook : a Navy pilot's story / 
Lost / 
Stories from Floris : a Fairfax County community : memories of a time gone by / 
Civil procedure forms and commentary / 
A crystal goblet & the dragon / 
Mildred Harrison : first black American woman imprisoned in Vietnam / 
Korea : tour of duty and beyond / 
Me and I : adventures and escapades of twin boys growing up in a one-horse town / 
Cellular telephone Russian roulette : a historical and scientific perspective / 
Politics in healing : suppression and manipulation in American medicine / 
Season of saxophones and sea nymphs : a poetic journey / 
Modern and ancient Assyrians under one roof / 
Day hikes in the Beartooth Mountains : Red Lodge, Montana, to Yellowstone National Park / 
Day hikes around Bozeman, Montana : including the Gallatin Canyon and Paradise Valley / 
Day hikes around Missoula, Montana / 
Day hikes in Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks / 
Day hikes on the California central coast : 71 great hikes / 
Ancient history--law without liberty / 
Millionaire blackjack / 
It all started here : the MacIver family / 
Safeguarding hospital parking facilities : 
World War II in colonial Africa : the death knell of colonialism / 
The science of the soul : explaining the spiritual universe / 
Fly the big sky! : a pilot's guide to Montana's prairie towns and mountain hideaways / 
Escape to Egypt / 
Samurai sketches : from the bloody final years of the Shogun / 
The beginning of Chinese characters / 
All for love : poems / 
Reflections : a book of poetry / 
Lion charge! : an African safari / 
Space shuttle : the history of the National Space Transportation System : the first 100 missions / 
Boxer's shorts 3 : the medical version : more than just a brief attempt at humor / 
Ruff/Ruoff, Shewmake, Shumake, Essary/Esrey and Williamson families / 
Journeys across the rainbow : inspirational stories for the human race / 
Life is for the living and the dying : searching the shadows : an anthology / 
Fierce longing : women and infertility / 
Examination and cross-examination of experts in forensic psychophysiology using the polygraph / 
Water safety / 
Self-analytical sociology : essays and explorations in the reflexive mode / 
The virgin forest : a novel / 
Earth elegance / 
Ol' saddles & good advice : cowboy poems / 
The big ride : the story of the largest cross-country bike ride in American history / 
Millennium end papers : the Walker file '98-'99 / 
Where rivers meet : Sally and John Banks of Craven County, NC and their descendants / 
Heading for home : tips for truck drivers and their families / 
Balance point : searching for a spiritual missing link / 
Do dz︠h︡erel dramaturhiï Lesi Ukraïnky / 
Living a balanced life in an unbalanced world / 
Garden Sanctuary / 
Best of the historic West / 
A love story : one marine's Korean War / 
Magical wonderland : 
The school in a garden : foundations and founders of landscape architecture / 
The tie that binds : a memoir in words and pictures / 
Northern Pacific's Mullan Pass on the Montana Short Line / 
The Gray matter : the forgotten story of the telephone / 
Why me? Why not you? : understand why you do what you do, take charge of your life / 
The barter bible : a guide to increase your cash flow using barter / 
Teeny tiny Ernest / 
On the track : the deer trackers follow the legends and their lore / 
Morals for the 21st century / 
Footprints : Raymond Wille watercolors / 
Antonio Brombal & Mary Varni / 
Chesapeake City : the canal town through the years / 
Uncle John's all-purpose extra strength bathroom reader / 
Far East mosaic / 
Calkins family in America / 
A view from the Ridge Route / 
Hitting made easy / 
Anna : a woman of spirit : the life & writings of Anna Howard Poole Swett, 1883-1962 / 
Grace's family : Jones and allied families of west Tennessee, 1820-1920 / 
Haverhill, New Hampshire, in the twentieth century / 
In the shadows of Eureka Peak / 
Confidential file 101 / 
What's to eat : the milk-free, egg-free, nut-free food allergy cookbook / 
Parasitic diseases / 
A celebration of cheer : sermons for the birds / 
2 minutes can change your life : a mind, body, spirit journal of self-understanding / 
Toland : in and out of Ireland / 
Restructuring your organization : a reorganization guide / 
The Colraine years : life in a southern manor / 
Build your own Linux C toolbox / 
Deep in the wilderness / 
Mehy̓am / 
More Missouri ghosts : fact, fiction, and folklore / 
Hell came twice / 
Dragon shadow = Skadusdrakon : poems / 
Cuba's armed forces : from colony to Castro / 
The fool lieutenant : a personal account of D-Day and World War II / 
Milan Bish : the measure you give / 
Winning business plans / 
A discourse on education : a model of contemporary pragmatism applied to education / 
Modern Job : separating reality from illusion / 
A navy medical officer's diary and overview of World War II / 
Lānaʻi : the elusive Hawaiian island-- the one that Captain Cook missed / 
Flight for life : a journey from Rwanda / 
Fort Lowry and raiders on the Rappahannock / 
Yesterday : a historical view of Oak Park, Illinois / 
Teacha! : stories from a yeshiva / 
Cobb, Hayes, Halm & King ancestors / 
Gliding to a better place : profiles from Ohio's territorial era / 
The first responder's pocket guide to hazardous materials emergency response / 
The cool mountain cookbook ; a gourmet guide to winter retreats / 
The Rauth family : from Bavaria to Galicia to the United States / 
A theological dictionary / 
The guns of devil's den / 
The worst is yet to come : allied prisoners of World War II at risk in Italy / 
The seerah of prophet Muhammad (PBUH) / 
American artery : a Pan American journey / 
The roots of racism / 
Descendants of Sylvester and Sarah (Kinney) White of Georgia, Vermont / 
New York sampler : growth of the Society, chapter briefs, membership list / 
The reformation of Israel / 
Russian airborne, spetsnaz, and elite forces insignia : a collector's guide / 
California fresh harvest : a seasonal journey through northern California / 
Preparing for baptism : becoming part of the story of the people of God / 
Ghosts in the classroom : stories of college adjunct faculty--and the price we all pay / 
Tamura Ryuichi : poems 1946-1998 = [Tamura Ryūichi shisen] / 
Hold on tight : a novel / 
Can't believe it's Kosher! : 
When life is over / 
The world and all its charms / 
Read, 'rite, and recite / 
The birth of Blue Satan / 
The lemon dance ; tell Fidel El Rojo is coming / 
The Farnum brothers of Bucksport / 
A journey through time : the history of Chambers Hill, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania / 
The great phelsuma caper : (a diplomatic memoir) / 
Practical guide to business forecasting / 
An enduring legacy : the painting collection of Georgetown visitation / 
Nice guys and players : becoming the man women want / 
Building the Atkinson differential engine / 
Genealogy of Gwendolyn Ruth Hicks / 
"From then t̓il now" my journal : an autobiography/genealogy, 1920 thru 2001 / 
A history of the early Hattiesburg, Mississippi area : "All off for Gordon's Station" / 
Voices in my heart : the ancestry of Edgar and Lorraine Davies / 
Letters from Solanus Casey / 
The Blairs of Balthayock and their cadets : 1150-1850 : in two parts / 
A new physics : a revision of space, motion, and the structure of matter / 
Within and between : poems / 
Crystal tarot : the tarot for the millennium / 
Beauty that must die / 
Hankins--Harris : the history and genealogy of an American family / 
Pâte de verre and kiln casting of glass / 
The unholy church / 
La pérdida y el sueño : antología de poetas cubanos en la Florida / 
More than trees / 
Thunderbird 2002 / 
A genealogy & history of Robert Bradish in America / 
Meg Mackintosh and the mystery on Main Street : a solve-it-yourself mystery / 
[Khochu govoritʹ po-russki! / 
Black cat  / 
Fortress fighters : an autobiography of a B-17 aerial gunner / 
The journey : from La Vallee to the legislature / 
Coyote : an Indian casino blues / 
Going to Barsetshire : a companion to the Barsetshire novels of Angela Thirkell / 
The ninth jewel of the Mughal crown : the Birbal tales from the oral traditions of India / 
Sakiwinki missions : my missions story / 
The girl with the hat : Esther Mercy vs. Marion Talbot / 
Vitamin C : how best to use it ; how improper clinical trials have misled us / 
Joyce LaFray's underwater gourmet : a famous Florida cookbook / 
Chocolate legs : sweet mother, savage killer? / 
Fire streams : an illustrated history of the Shreveport Fire Department / 
Marvelous morsels : unique food gifts for year-round giving / 
The art and craft of success : 10 steps / 
Veils / 
Mental eye-roglyphics / 
Bitch mentality / 
Glory : when heaven invades earth / 
Children's gourmet gifts : beautiful projects for children and adults to create together / 
The Willis Parker family of Nansemond County, Virginia and descendants / 
Little Flower Cemetery listing Catholic burials / 
The Eugene V. Debs reader : socialism and the class struggle / 
The Lizana family : descendants of Ramon Sebastiano Lizana, 1778-2000 / 
Raúl Manzano : evolving symbols of America 2000, October 1-29, 2000 / 
National Writers' Union freelance writers' guide / 
An interlude in Giverny / 
She went in haste to the mountain / 
Answering the Mormon missionaries lesson by lesson / 
Welcome to New York : how to settle and survive in New York / 
Secrecy or freedom? : declaring war on political dissimulation / 
This time I dance! : trusting the journey of creating the work you love / 
The indisputable case against water fluoridation / 
Ōrě ōrin / 
Breaking the rules in publication design / 
Mecca and Muhammad / 
Brooklyn biker and other poems : memories of a street poet / 
A better hope : coming home to God's grace / 
Hides, horns, and hopes : creation of the American West / 
Miss Spokane : elegant ambassadors and their city / 
Only a princess / 
Antoine Deloria : a Michigan pioneer / 
An introduction to Islamism / 
The whimsical sage : for parents and teachers and lovers of words at play for all ages / 
Georgia Air National Guard history, 1941-2000 / 
The rum experience : the complete rum reference / 
Creative kindness / 
American Indian ghost stories of the southwest. / 
Intelligence in the rum war at sea, 1920-1933 / 
The sun at midnight : the revealed mysteries of the Ahlul Bayt Sufis / 
Ecce homo : paintings / 
Tree law cases in the USA / 
Gem chronicles : the early years / 
The taming of the Rose : tragedy on the Rosebud / 
Riding with Sherman : the Civil War travels of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, U.S.A. / 
Trinity : one God, three persons / 
Stone by stone : early Mineral Point buildings / 
Sunnyside Cemetery interments / 
Seminole Cemetery / 
Sparring techniques of American Kang Duk Won karate / 
Early Irish settlers in St. Louis, Missouri and Dogtown neighborhood / 
Leadville architecture : a legacy of silver, 1860-1899 / 
The anatomy of a scorpion : illustrating the wheel of nature / 
The Keepsake Quilting cookbook : 
Werke / 
Empowering the hip hop nation : the arts and social justice / 
The historic splendor of Amelia Island / 
Curious one : a Cherokee story / 
Head of the line : a Holocaust survivor's memoir / 
Magic moments / 
The winds of change : an autobiography of South Dakota State University's last dean of women / 
Reading and writing in English. Book A / 
Women who kept the lights : an illustrated history of female lighthouse keepers / 
Preparing a room / 
Glorious and dreadful / 
Compassionate conservatism now / 
Tabernacle gifts : our first day in heaven / 
Michael, my son, and the story of the Eagle Flight Detachment / 
The writings of an old Virginia country boy / 
Los despojos del sueño : antología = The debris of dreams : anthology / 
Wars of attrition : Vietnam, the business roundtable, and the decline of construction unions / 
How to listen to God : a guide for successful living through the practice of two-way prayer / 
Emily Hall Tremaine : collector on the cusp / 
Impact of the seismic design provisions of the International building code / 
John Gant of colonial Virginia & North Carolina : his ancestors and descendants / 
Seeing beyond : movies, visions, and values : 26 essays / 
Why Johnny can't come home / 
Single women : alive and well! / 
Gardner's guide to multimedia & animation studios : the industry directory / 
Selected paintings / 
Tale of the Lucin : a boat, a railroad, and the Great Salt Lake / 
Making educated decisions 2 : a landscape preservation bibliography / 
Letters from Father Seraphim : 
Dante, South Dakota, 1887-2000 / 
Ernst Witzleben and Rosine Mielke and their descendants / 
Born free : reincarnation and karma examined again / 
Cows, crops, and causes : Delaware farmlife in the 1900s / 
Once I lived in Lincoln County / 
Mumu! : a Marine remembers the South Pacific / 
Death and dying among African-Americans : cultural characteristics and coping tidbits / 
Pets and our mental health : the why, the what, and the how / 
Cox characters : conclusions to confusions / 
Sparks from my embers : missionary poems / 
Fun foods for kids & grownups : your essential guide to family fun & good health / 
Natural healing for schizophrenia : and other common mental disorders / 
The stellar man / 
Practical seamanship : essential skills for the modern sailor / 
Eli : the story of a patriarch / 
A century of volunteer service : 
William Haydon, Kentucky adventurer, 1740-1819 / 
Ridge-runner : from the Big Piney to the Battle of the Bulge / 
An artistic friendship : Beauford Delaney and Lawrence Calcagno / 
Chasing light / 
Pablita Velarde : painting her people / 
Tired, so tired! and the yeast connection / 
Horizons of hope : an autobiography / 
Ourstory : Afrikans from antiquity to the 21st century / 
Your new life in Christ : biblical life-principles for maturing disciples of Jesus Christ / 
Patient to patient : managing interstitial cystitis & overlapping conditions / 
Mrs. Grossman tells all : the ultimate how-to book for great sticker art / 
I talk to the animals / 
Successful resumes made E-Z / 
Get out of debt / 
Colonel John W. Geary in the Mexican War and California in '49 / 
Homefield : sonata in rural voice / 
Big book of building block quilts / 
Return to Mardi Gras / 
Half woman : a novel / 
The Wedell-Williams Air Service / 
A busy cook's guide to spices : how to introduce new flavors to everyday meals / 
The life and thought of Reuben Burrow, DD : an advocate of Cumberland Presbyterian theology / 
Directory of toll fermentation and cell culture facilities / 
How 2 understand your dreams and why bother / 
Moonbeams for Santa / 
And I thought I was crazy! : quirks, idiosyncrasies, and meshugaas / 
Climber's and hiker's guide to the world's mountains & volcanos / 
Painting in layers : the Marquardt method / 
Women in ministry : contextualizing the ministry of women in Asian culture / 
Black history through blue eyes : the debt the world owes to Africa / 
Being a priest in a changing society : 
Maine lighthouses : a pictorial guide / 
The winning side / 
God in Russia : the challenge of Freedom / 
In haste I write you this note : stories and half-stories / 
The best-loved plays of Shakespeare / 
Build your home theater in a weekend / 
Building an intelligent e-business / 
By a thread : poems / 
The translation and commentary on the Holy Qur-an / 
Look what you can make with egg cartons / 
HER2 : basic research, prognosis and therapy / 
The venous system in health and disease / 
High-performance fiber-reinforced concrete in infrastructural repair and retrofit / 
Living in space / 
2000 Eighth International Workshop on Quality of Service : IWQoS 2000 / 
Linear algebra and linear operators in engineering : with applications in Mathematica / 
Tomba! 2 : the evil swine return : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Prima's authorized GameShark pocket power guide : 
Patient's autonomy, privacy, and informed consent / 
The Berenstain Bears and the great ant attack / 
Magic of believing / 
Dreamtime magic / 
Psychic power / 
Michigan revocable grantor trusts / 
The world of normal boys : a novel / 
Unleashed : a Melanie Travis mystery / 
More than a game : sport in the Japanese American community / 
Doctrine and philosophy in early Christianity : Arius, Athanasius, Augustine / 
Occupied Japan for the home / 
The provincelands / 
Linux hardware handbook / 
Two-dimensional correlation spectroscopy : Kobe-Sanda, Japan, August-September 1999 / 
Linda McGehee's simply sensational bags / 
Women and disabilities : it isn't them and us / 
California evidentiary foundations / 
Approved methods of the American Association of Cereal Chemists / 
Brendan Shanahan : the power forward / 
Breakfast cereals, and how they are made / 
SuSE Linux installation and configuration handbook / 
Where to watch birds in Europe and Russia / 
Elementary & intermediate algebra : a combined course / 
Keepers of the light : a parent's guide to passing on your faith / 
Microsoft Age of empires II : the age of kings : official scenario design toolkit / 
I-Net+ exam notes / 
Psalms : a thousand years of Hebrew history / 
Contemporary diagnosis and management of pain in oncologic and AIDS patients / 
Through the looking glass : Byzantium through British eyes / 
Sport hunter in Africa / 
Roaming with a rifle : big game hunting adventures in Africa and other faraway places / 
Out in Africa : the extraordinary life and times of Andrew Holmberg / 
The baseball astrologer : and other weird tales / 
It's a God thing : inspiring stories of life-changing friends / 
The first six weeks of school / 
Journey to Jesus : encountering the mysteries of grace / 
Trends / 
Washday collectibles / 
Managerial accounting : a focus on decision making / 
Financial accounting : the impact on decision makers / 
Financial institutions, investments, and management : an introduction / 
An introduction to derivatives and risk management / 
Windows 2000 Administration for dummies, quick reference / 
Car buying online for dummies / 
Too big! : a lift-the-flap book / 
Range unlimited : a history of aerial refueling / 
Trout streams of Pennsylvania : an angler's guide / 
America's salt & pepper shakers / 
Special edition using Samba / 
Special edition using Linux system administration / 
The recruiting process : enrolling, sponsoring & sharing / 
Mundane concerns : poems / 
My legal warrior : Arthur Petersen, my "spate liebe" / 
Command & conquer : tiberian sun : advanced strategies : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Crazy taxi : Prima's official strategy guide / 
WWF smack down! : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Ground control : an adrenaline rush of real-time action and strategy / 
Serbian icons from Bosnia-Herzegovina : sixteenth to eighteenth century / 
Deus Ex : 
Food pyramid feast : the cuisine of healthy abundance / 
It's magic / 
The curse of Beetenkaumun / 
Sun Tzu's The art of war plus, The art of management / 
Spirit matters / 
Ancients and moderns in the medical sciences : from Hippocrates to Harvey / 
Popes and church reform in the 11th century / 
Strategies of the international scientific cooperation in South-East Europe / 
Childhood emergencies in the office, hospital and community : organizing systems care / 
Bibliography of Serbo-Croatian dictionaries : Serbian, Croatian, and Bosnian Muslim / 
Food chemicals codex. Second supplement to the fourth edition / 
Developing enterprise applications - an impurist's view / 
Religious liberty in northern Europe in the twenty-first century / 
Colors and shapes / 
Marisa / 
This little reindeer / 
Frightened fawn / 
Emerging technologies for integrated pest management : concepts, research, and implementation / 
The little big book of golf drills / 
Doral Publishing's hands-on dog care : the complete book of canine first aid / 
Environmental aspects of electrochemical technology : proceedings of the international symposium / 
Group games & activity leadership / 
Collecting handkerchiefs / 
Constructed wetlands treatment of high nitrogen landfill leachate / 
Mystery of the kingdom : on the Gospel of Matthew / 
Chasing the rainbow : recurrences in the life of a scientist / 
Getting ready to live forever / 
The proverbial woman : being a wise woman in a wild world / 
Say hi, backpack baby! / 
Classic Catholic converts / 
The liturgy betrayed / 
The soul of a lion : Dietrich Von Hildebrand : a biography / 
One, holy, Catholic, and apostolic : the early church was the Catholic Church / 
Saints of the church : a teacher's guide to the Vision books / 
Mother Seton and the Sisters of Charity / 
Viral ecology / 
Stieglitz on photography : his selected essays and notes / 
XML Web documents from scratch / 
e-Commerce applications using Oracle8i and Java from scratch / 
Stem cell transplantation : a clinical textbook / 
Letters home from Shanghai / 
Cisco Networking Academy Program : first year companion guide, revised printing / 
Cisco networking academy program : computer networking essentials / 
Understanding SOAP / 
The professional musician's Internet guide / 
The mastering engineer's handbook / 
A biological assessment of the Wapoga River area of northwestern Irian Jaya, Indonesia / 
Oracle8i from scratch  / 
MRI atlas of the human cerebellum / 
The $51 fantasy : legal prostitution for American men / 
Fake ID by mail and modem / 
The wisdom of the eye / 
Killer kids / 
Cisco router troubleshooting handbook / 
Linux programming bible / 
Windows 2000 developer's guide / 
The sleep book : a bedside companion / 
Disney's 102 Dalmatians / 
Cash balance pension plans : a practical primer / 
Public employee benefits : from inquiry to strategy / 
Boo who? : and other wicked Halloween knock-knock jokes / 
Cycles, transfers, and motivic homology theories / 
Evolva / 
Sergeant Sniff's Halloween mystery treat / 
Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas civil practice manual / 
Sergeant Sniff's Christmas surprise / 
Santa's new suit / 
Playing your position : investing yourself in others / 
Hematology : landmark papers of the twentieth century / 
Chevrolet Lumina & Monte Carlo automotive repair manual / 
Make $$$ as a nonfiction writer / 
Reborn overseas : identity building in Europe, Australia, and New Zealand / 
The Battle of the Little Bighorn : a comprehensive study / 
A story as sharp as a knife : the classical Haida mythtellers and their world / 
Vision in the desert : the Tree of Utah, a sculpture by Momen / 
Bisphosphonates in bone disease : from the laboratory to the patient / 
Successfully integrating two businesses / 
A world of hurt / 
The boy who swallowed a rainbow / 
Living thin, an attitude--not a diet : living young, an attitude, not an age / 
Barney on the go!  : 
A time for leadership : global perspectives from an accelerated European market place / 
SMD electronics projects / 
The three little puppies and the big bad flea / 
Gekido : furious four-player fighting / 
BattleTanx Global Assault : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Ace Combat 3 : electrosphere : Prima's official strategy guide / 
From charity to economics in health care / 
A gunkholer's cruising guide to Florida's West Coast / 
Cowboy poetry : contemporary verse / 
Proceedings / 
Common dragonflies of California : a beginner's pocket guide / 
The ladder and the escalator : why we are what we are / 
Hate crime in America : what do we know? : congressional seminar, October 21, 1999 / 
Inside Adobe Photoshop 5.5 / 
Windows 2000 professional / 
Web application development with PHP 4.0 / 
Network performance baselining / 
Windows 2000 deployment & desktop management / 
Windows 2000 routing and remote access service / 
Windows 2000 server professional reference / 
Windows NT/2000 thin client solutions : implementing terminal services and Citrix MetaFrame / 
MCSE Windows 2000 professional training guide : exam 70-210 / 
MCSE Windows 2000 server : training guide : Exam 70-215 / 
Windows 2000 TCP/IP / 
Digital lighting & rendering / 
Hadron physics : effective theories of low energy QCD : Coimbra, Portugal, September 1999 / 
Widening the road : stories / 
Steelhead guide : fly fishing techniques and strategies for Lake Erie steelhead / 
Melody of the eagle / 
Love & lullabies : Barney for baby / 
Barney's happy Halloween / 
Teaching and learning in a network world : TechEd 2000 proceedings / 
Moisture sorption : practical aspects of isotherm measurement and use / 
Suzanne McClelland, intersections and interruptions : March 1-April 8, 2000 / 
Beyond aspirin : nature's answer to arthritis, cancer & Alzheimer's disease / 
Increasing height through exercise : growth theory & practice / 
Dinosaur imagery : the science of lost worlds and Jurassic art: the Lanzendorf collection / 
A pet lover's collection of chicken soup for the soul / 
Best-loved wedding traditions / 
The little book of inner space : your guide to finding personal peace / 
Margaritas / 
Love is patient and kind : I Corinthians 13 / 
The happy book for friends : 
Thanks! you're the best! / 
Jane Austen speaks to women / 
Dogs are funny / 
Dogs love-- / 
Katia Gordeeva : solo flight / 
I love how you love me : 
Scott Hamilton : still soaring / 
Still the one : 
The way we were : 
Lightning / 
Tornadoes / 
Population balances : theory and applications to particulate systems in engineering / 
Secrets of the sun signs / 
What love is / 
Believing in ourselves : the wisdom of women / 
Friends forever : a book of quotations / 
Go for the gold : 
The wedding vows from conversations with god / 
Success! with Word 2000 core / 
Collected poems, 1952-2000 / 
The weather in Japan / 
At memory's edge : after-images of the Holocaust in contemporary art and architecture / 
Wine science : principles, practice, perception / 
Reflections of a native daughter / 
Exchange & Outlook : constructing collaborative solutions / 
Digital texturing & painting / 
Lightwave [6.5] magic / 
PHP functions : essential reference / 
MCSE Windows 2000 directory services infrastructure : training guide / 
MCSE Windows 2000 network security design : training guide / 
Cisco router configuration & troubleshooting / 
Inside 3D studio VIZ 3 / 
MCSE Windows 2000 network infrastructure : training guide / 
MCSE Windows 2000 directory services design : training guide / 
MCSE Windows 2000 accelerated exam : exam 70-240 / 
Windows 2000 : virtual private networking / 
Windows 2000 security / 
Applying COM+ / 
Win32 Perl scripting : the administrator's handbook / 
ebXML : the new global standard for doing business over the Internet / 
A pocket guide to Oʻahu / 
A pocket guide to Maui / 
Wisconsin portraits : 55 people who made a difference  / 
Maricopa's community colleges : the turbulent evolution of an education giant / 
Underlying principles of the boundary element method / 
Horse color explained : a breeder's perspective / 
Carrier air group commanders : the men and their machines / 
Making music with your computer / 
Remix : the electronic music explosion / 
Wah-wah! : a backpack baby story / 
Pez collectibles / 
Contemporary ceramics / 
Total Braves / 
Total Diamondbacks / 
Total Dodgers / 
Total Cubs / 
A pocket guide to Kauai / 
Total Astros / 
A pocket guide to the Big Island / 
Total Brewers / 
Thomas & friends / 
Calling all boats! / 
Earthly forms : the biomorphic sculpture of Arp, Calder, Noguchi : February 18-March 20, 2000 / 
Total Cardinals / 
Fear of permanence / 
The failure of grief / 
Home book : 
Millionaire boot camp : basic training / 
Ghostly beacons : haunted lighthouses of North America / 
The garden floor / 
Hear our cries : poems of grief and inspiration / 
The blended family : achieving peace & harmony in the Christian home / 
Using Macromedia Director 8 / 
How to adopt internationally : a guide for agency-directed and independent adoptions / 
Brave men to the battle : the story of the Waldenses / 
When daffodils ran free / 
Servants of the Gospel : essays by American bishops on their role as shepherds of the church / 
Direct fuel injection for gasoline engines / 
Sarah Sze / 
The spirit of Asia : journeys to the sacred places of the East / 
Hindu art and architecture / 
Density by design : new directions in residential development / 
Architecture, art, parallels, connections / 
Information anxiety 2 / 
Modern love & other tall tales / 
The Silicon Valley diet and other stories / 
The 7 steps to passionate love : why men are not from Mars & women are not from Venus / 
Recalling my life and times / 
I am a bird / 
Elmo likes-- / 
Snake song / 
Blenko cool '50s & '60s glass / 
Miniature lamps-II / 
American furniture of the 19th century, 1840-1880 / 
All things become new / 
The plan of salvation / 
Tini : trailblazer in the wake of the Pitcairn / 
Sensors in biomedical applications : fundamentals, technology & applications / 
Groundwater contamination / 
Svengali's web : the alien enchanter in modern culture / 
StarLancer : official strategies & secrets / 
Living with modern classics. The light / 
The Dalai Lama's secret temple : Tantric wall paintings from Tibet / 
Architecture : the critics' choice : 150 masterpieces  of western architecture / 
Tao of photography / 
Frederick C. Selous : a hunting legend : recollections by and about the great hunter / 
As I remember it : an autobiography / 
Sell your screenplay : your guide to the independent film and television producer / 
Jo'burg to Los Alamos : South Africa to New Mexico : a culinary journey / 
How to travel in Canada : a guidebook for a visitor with a disability / 
Hello willow / 
Petronella / 
We flew alone : United States Navy B-24 squadrons in the Pacific, February 1943-September 1944 / 
Hot young Hollywood trivia challenge / 
17 lies that are holding you back & the truth that will set you free / 
The complete idiot's guide to online personal finance / 
The complete idiot's guide to finding your dream job online / 
CCIE 350-001 : 
Special edition using Red Hat Linux / 
PrayerStarters for dealing with anger / 
Networking by example / 
Think Unix / 
X Window programming from scratch / 
Using Microsoft Exchange Server 2000 / 
The scientific origins of sexual preference : a vanguard of millennial cosmology / 
Science and the primacy of consciousness : intimation of a 21st century revolution ; 
Duncan Delaney and the Cadillac of doom / 
Putt-Putt. The great pet chase / 
Freddi Fish. The big froople match / 
Freddi Fish. The missing letters mystery / 
Pajama Sam. Mission to the moon / 
Managing your epilepsy : advice from a distinguished expert in seizures and epilepsy / 
Those toes / 
George Washington : 
Star wars episode 1. Anakin's pit droid / 
Biology in our lives / 
Livestock judging, selection, and evaluation / 
Along the Allegheny : a history of the early events along the Allegheny and its tributaries / 
Machiavelli's The republican : the best possible America and how to achieve it / 
Elf-help for being a good parent / 
Against the brief heavens : poems / 
Elf-help for raising a teen / 
Saying the necessary : poems / 
Virus proof / 
Thomas' railway word book / 
This one thing I now know / 
Little engines can do big things / 
RR64, Ridge racer 64 : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Heroes of might and magic III : the shadow of death : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Army Men World War : 
PrayerStarters on the way to forgiveness / 
PrayerStarters in times of sadness or depression / 
Roots of freedom : a primer on modern liberty / 
Shakespeare as political thinker / 
IEEE/AFCEA EUROCOMM 2000 : information systems for enhanced public safety and security / 
PrayerStarters when you're worried / 
Teaching in the outdoors / 
The American cocker spaniel / 
Fun stuff with your best friend : the interactive dog book / 
Employee stock options : a strategic planning guide for the 21st century optionaire / 
Growing up native in Alaska : [interviews] / 
Miami en brumas / 
Resident evil : Code Veronica : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Caring and sharing : becoming a peer facilitator / 
Arcanum : of steamworks & magick obscura / 
E-personal finance : managing your money and investments online / 
When did it start for you? : how a car becomes a legend / 
E-baseball : mining the Internet for history, stats, fantasy leagues, and memorabilia / 
Valor at Polebrook : the last flight of Ten Horsepower / 
Getting to know you! : social skills curriculum for grades 6-9 / 
Code breaker / 
The dolomite solution / 
A phantom death / 
Watershed management for potable water supply : 
The odyssey of Hannah and the horseman / 
Wild horse gorge / 
The complete idiot's guide to the perfect resume / 
The complete idiot's guide to wine / 
The complete idiot's guide to the Kennedys / 
Nothing can possibly go wrong! / 
The complete idiot's guide to fitness / 
The complete idiot's guide to getting your romance published / 
No girly-girls allowed! / 
The Disney bakery ; 30 magical recipes / 
But god-- I'm tired of waiting / 
Community : the "other" side of self / 
Laying it on the line with God : the risk of honest prayer / 
Disney's The little mermaid II. Return to the sea / 
The potty book for girls / 
Spooky spider / 
The potty book for boys / 
Spooky bat / 
Let's go potty / 
Fashion footwear 1800-1970 / 
A life of Blessed Francis Xavier Seelos : Redemptorist, 1819-1867 / 
Credo : meditations on the Apostle's Creed / 
Mysterium Paschale = The mystery of Easter / 
SQL server developer's guide / 
The complete idiot's guide to Eastern philosophy / 
i-Net+ certification study system / 
Linux system commands / 
Web design studio secrets / 
The snowman / 
Theriac / 
Charmers & con artists : & their flip side-- / 
Make-believe marriage / 
Love at Chapelplace / 
Save your heart for me / 
Love's design / 
Finding forever / 
A new beginning / 
Secrets of harbor house / 
Our fathers and mothers : a family story 1800-2000 AD / 
Performance analysis and consulting / 
Workplace learning & performance roles. The analyst / 
Joint ventures in health care : an antitrust analysis / 
The last sick generation : a proposal for health care reform / 
An optometrist's guide to clinical ethics / 
Fruit & vegetable quality : an integrated view / 
Star Trek toys by Playmates : the unauthorized handbook & price guide / 
Mazda 626 and MX-6 automotive repair manual / 
Defending her son : a memoir / 
Chevrolet Malibu, Oldsmobile Alero and Cutlass, Pontiac Grand Am automotive repair manual / 
Batman beyond : no place like home / 
Batman beyond : new hero in town / 
Getting to Nantucket : an artist's journey / 
Daytime divas : the dish on dozens of daytime TV's great ladies / 
Here's my card : how to network using your business card to actually create more business / 
The image maker / 
Sarah's bead / 
Recalled by God : a love story  / 
Funny food faces / 
Crow in stolen colors / 
Nature's extremes : eight seasons shape a Southwestern land / 
iMac FYI : get more from your iMac : your Q & A guide to the iMac / 
Making the technical sale / 
MP3 FYI : digital music online : your Q&A guide to MP3 / 
Arkansas : the natural state of enterprise / 
Japan's road to popular empowerment : the story so far / 
3D graphics programming : games and beyond / 
Ford Aerostar mini-vans automotive repair manual / 
Teaching history : a Seventh-Day Adventist approach / 
Tech-savvy : educating girls in the new computer age / 
Teaching English worldwide : a practical guide to teaching English / 
The adventurous gardener : where to buy the best plants in New England / 
Caged eagles / 
Tangled web / 
The Loki wolf / 
The keeper and the crows / 
Jesse's star / 
Rattlesnake blues : dispatches from a snakebit territory / 
10 minute guide. Motivating people / 
Stronger / 
This boy is mine / 
Can't let go / 
Show me love / 
More than this / 
Mobsters and thugs : quotes from the underworld / 
Any guy you want / 
The 2000-2001 self-assessment checklist : 
The daughter of Christopher Columbus : a novel in verse / 
National health reform American style : lessons from the past : a twentieth century journey / 
A butterfly in winter : a love story / 
Total Devil Rays / 
Total Blue Jays / 
Counterfeiting the Holocaust : a historical and archival examination of Holocaust artifacts / 
Total Angels / 
Total Athletics / 
Total Expos / 
Logo design for small business : [creation, marketing, sales] / 
The complete idiot's guide to cooking basics / 
10 minute guide. Managing your time / 
Four questions on Mary / 
Brilliant color at home / 
Cai Guo-Qiang / 
Jacques Kerchache : 
The desert / 
1930s lighting : deco & traditional by Chase / 
Cybershops / 
Translated abstracts of death notices in the Portsmouth correspondent, 1894-1908 / 
Copyright law / 
Essentials of diving safety / 
Turkey Day murder : a Lucy Stone mystery / 
"Failure" is written in pencil : how to turn your failures into success / 
What color is your God? / 
Between trash and tramp / 
The GRE CAT for dummies / 
Mass spectrometry desk reference / 
7 minute cover letters / 
Red ink, white lies : the rise and fall of Los Angeles newspapers, 1920-1962 / 
America Online simplified / 
Online tips for dummies / 
MCSE Windows 2000 Server for dummies / 
The Internet : all in one desk reference for dummies / 
Gardening tips for dummies / 
GNOME/GTK+ programming bible / 
It's a great wall! / 
Healthy living tips for dummies / 
Kay Thompson's Eloise : the ultimate edition / 
The Patti Playpal family : a guide to companion dolls of the 1960s / 
Building the primary classroom : a handbook for teacher educators / 
So I have knocked knees-- yet, destined for more / 
Practically minimal : inspirational ideas for twenty-first century living / 
Punk Rockwell / 
The complete idiot's guide to sewing / 
Clark H. Pinnock: journey toward renewal : an intellectual biography / 
The complete idiot's guide to etiquette / 
The complete idiot's guide to making money on Wall Street / 
The complete idiot's guide to improving your short game / 
Mastering Active Server Pages 3 / 
Visual Basic Developer's guide to UML and design patterns / 
Architecture for the gods / 
What's wrong with Dorfman? : a novel / 
Tomorrow's biodiversity / 
The Irish world : the history and cultural achievements of the Irish people / 
All about your iguana / 
Mental math for pilots : a study guide / 
All about your German shepherd dog / 
The good health directory / 
As it is  : a year on the road with a Tantric teacher / 
This can't wait : talking with your kids about sex / 
Night when moon follows / 
1765--Judge John Richards--1850 : historic-Adirondac-surveyor / 
Imam Abu Hamid Ghazali : an exponent of Islam in its totality : a lecture / 
Selling steakburgers : the growth of a corporate culture / 
Kipper in the snow : sticker story / 
Economics in perspective : changing times-- evolving principles, current issues & problems / 
Foundations of secure computation / 
Kipper has a party : sticker story / 
From islands to portraits : four literary variations / 
Child, family, school, community : socialization and support / 
1006 salt & pepper shakers, advertising / 
Methods of social research / 
Encuentros / 
Learning to pray : a guide for young people / 
Techno architecture / 
Concrete regionalism / 
A first look at logging in Gabon : a Global Forest Watch report / 
Successful career and life planning : the systems thinking approach / 
The rape of the constitution? / 
Dumbing down : culture, politics, and the mass media / 
Telephone skills from A to Z : the telephone doctor phone book / 
Transforming dialogue : the relational dimension of the Lord's prayer / 
MCSE Windows 2000 Professional for dummies / 
Coaching & mentoring for dummies / 
Fundraising for dummies / 
Puppies for dummies / 
Favorite colors / 
Don't forget me! / 
Hello Kitty, hello world / 
Ray K. Metzker landscapes / 
Compuserve 2000 for dummies / 
Debian GNU/Linux for dummies / 
Scotland : a concise history / 
Flamenco! / 
Great horse racing mysteries : true tales from the track / 
True self/false self / 
XHTML by example / 
JavaServer pages application development / 
Parables of the Bible / 
2000 International Quantum Electronics Conference : 
Handbook for the care of the older adult with cancer / 
Tomb raider III : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Atlas of the baby boom generation / 
Whitfield Lovell : portrayals / 
When it rained cats and dogs / 
Robert Nisbet : communitarian traditionalist / 
Political apocalypse : a study of Dostoevsky's Grand Inquisitor / 
Toddler twins : practical parenting during the toddler years  / 
Self and history : a tribute to Linda Nochlin / 
The GMAT for dummies / 
Amazing mosaics / 
Unicenter TNG for dummies / 
Hemingway's short stories : notes / 
Gifts of pride and love : Kiowa and Comanche cradles / 
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 / 
The complete idiot's guide to fishing basics / 
The Supercommandos : First Special Service Force, 1942-1944 : an illustrated history, USA/Canada / 
The postcard century : 2000 cards and their messages / 
Working together : Native Americans and archaeologists / 
Mastering Microsoft Outlook 2000 / 
Direct injection systems for spark-ignition and compression-ignition engines / 
I planted a seed / 
Early art and artists in West Virginia : an introduction and biographical directory / 
The Futch family / 
The paper jewelry collection : pop out artwear / 
What you don't know may be killing you / 
The old man and the beaver people / 
Alabama State Trooper Association : 
379th Bombardment Group (H) anthology, November 1942-July 1945 : 
Admiral Nicholas Horthy: memoirs / 
Politics, law and counsel in Tudor and early Stuart England / 
Moon rabbit builds a fine house / 
Starting out : reflections for young people / 
Meditations for ministers / 
Enhancing physician performance : advanced principles of medical management / 
The blissmaker / 
Cow / 
Sheep / 
Horse / 
Pig / 
Pilates' body conditioning : a program based on the techniques of Joseph Pilates / 
The terrarium : with full-color photographs / 
Cockatiels : caring for them, feeding them, understanding them / 
Mathematical morphology / 
Living with a Jack Russell terrier / 
Living with a German shepherd dog / 
A student's guide to liberal learning / 
A student's guide to the core curriculum / 
A student's guide to political philosophy / 
Venus : masterpieces of modern erotic photography / 
The circle and the star : selected poems of Robert Desnos / 
A prayer for the children of Zimbabwe / 
Kurt Warner : the quarterback / 
Chevrolet Cavalier & Pontiac Sunfire automotive repair manual / 
Upgrading & fixing PCs for dummies / 
DSL for dummies / 
HTML 4 for dummies / 
Carrara 1 for dummies / 
GoLive 5 for dummies® / 
The borrowed house / 
The hidden treasure of Glaston / 
The small war of Sergeant Donkey / 
Raw faith : nurturing the believer in all of us / 
Seasons of goodbye : working your way through loss / 
This blessed mess : finding hope amidst life's chaos / 
God things come in small packages for friends / 
More than conquerors : 
Laboratory design, construction, and renovation : participants, process, and product / 
Antoine Predock 3 : houses / 
Splendor of Malta / 
The new civic art : elements of town planning / 
The allied convoy system, 1939-1945 : its organization, defence, and operation / 
More board games / 
Hallmarks of the Southwest / 
To have and to hold : 135 years of wedding fashions / 
Strauss's federal drug laws and examination review / 
Parcells : a biography / 
Maryhill Museum of Art / 
The kids are gone, the dog is depressed & mom's on the loose / 
House on Fontanka / 
Handbook of medical imaging : processing and analysis / 
Mastering pixels:3D : a comprehensive guide / 
For you my friend, I wish-- : 350 kind, funny, wise, and wonderful wishes / 
For your birthday, I wish-- : 350 wishes for the happiest of birthdays / 
Silent night : the illustrated lyrics / 
The essential piece : living out Luke 14:26 in everyday life / 
Pure profit : the financial implications of environmental performance / 
U.S. Army aviation color schemes & markings : 1942 to the present / 
The Payne Stewart story / 
Theism and humanism : the book that influenced C. S. Lewis / 
Durability of concrete : proceedings, Fifth International Conference, Barcelona, Spain, 2000 / 
New roles for leaders : a step-by-step guide to competitive advantage / 
Sonic graphics : seeing sound / 
Portraits of the presidents : the National Portrait Gallery / 
Henry Darger : art and selected writings / 
Women artists : works from the National Museum of Women in the Arts / 
Rodin in his time : the Cantor gifts to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art / 
On Cukor / 
Bad behavior / 
Republicans do the dumbest things / 
Democrats do the dumbest things / 
Statutory drafting : 
Acute lung injury : from inflammation to repair / 
Frontiers in whiplash trauma : clinical and biomechanical / 
Non-linear electromagnetic systems : ISEM '99 / 
English grammar / 
A course in phonetics / 
The least you should know about English writing skills : form B / 
The justice story : true tales of murder, mystery, mayhem / 
Ideas and details : a guide to college writing / 
An experiment in change / 
El hambre de la espiga / 
A view of Genesis : from the rumble seat of a two-humped camel / 
Natural gas : meeting the challenges of the nation's growing natural gas demand : a report / 
High-performance fiber-reinforced concrete thin sheet products / 
Water-cement ratio and other durability parameters : techniques for determination / 
William Blake : the complete illuminated books / 
Adios to tears : the memoirs of a Japanese-Peruvian internee in U.S. concentration camps / 
Marine & freshwater products handbook / 
The wizard who wanted to be Santa / 
The temple at Jerusalem : a revelation / 
Greek gems and finger rings : early Bronze Age to late Classical / 
The best of golden oak furniture : with details and prices / 
God things come in small packages for women / 
La esencia del Budismo / 
Cloud and water : an interpretation of Chʾan poems / 
Handing down the light : the biography of Venerable Master Hsing Yun / 
A new view of comparative economic systems / 
Exploring the world of SCSI / 
United States naval aviation 1910-1918 / 
Celebration 2000 : restoring balance through culture / 
R.S. Prussia : the wreath and star / 
La subversión del discurso autoritario en la narrativa de Cristina Peri Rossi / 
Nick's a chick / 
Berlin : a century of change = Die Gesichter des Jahrhunderts / 
Shoplifters vs. retailers : the rights of both / 
Tomb raider : the last revelation : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Shadow watch : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Li proverbe au vilain : a critical edition / 
Lewis County, West Virginia : her people and places / 
English architecture : a concise history / 
Effective introduction of evidence in California / 
VB/VBA developer's guide to the Windows installer / 
Illinois criminal law : a survey of crimes and defenses / 
The Scarborough plan : maximizing the power of your 401(k) / 
Love and logic magic for early childhood : practical parenting from birth to six years / 
The Pearls of love and logic for parents and teachers / 
José Martí : análisis y conclusiones / 
Nobody left to hate : teaching compassion after Columbine / 
Sosa : an autobiography / 
MCLE gun show : everything you need to know about the identification and operation of firearms / 
MCAD mock trial : race and sex discrimination and retaliation / 
Environmental Law Conference 2000 / 
Why boys don't talk and why we care : 
Tango : Web application construction kit / 
Beneath the skin / 
Solaris 7 administrator certification : training guide part I and part II / 
Embedded Linux / 
Vi IMproved, Vim / 
Policy-based networking : architecture and algorithms / 
Win32 Perl programming : the standard extensions / 
Guide to immigrant eligibility for federal programs / 
The truth about breast cancer risk assessment / 
Environment and society  : the enduring conflict / 
Bird census techniques / 
The American Revolution and the craft / 
Tomb raider for Game Boy Color : Prima's official strategy guide / 
2000 2nd International Conference on Transparent Optical Networks : 
Investing online for dummies quick reference / 
Illustrated computer dictionary for dummies / 
Microsoft Windows Me millennium edition for dummies : quick reference / 
Windows 2000 scripting bible / 
C++ weekend crash course / 
DirectX 3D graphics programming bible / 
Palm OS bible / 
Flash 5 for dummies / 
Macs for dummies / 
Internet Explorer 5.5 for Windows for dummies. Quick reference / 
Your marvelous mind : motivational power for meaningful living / 
Contemporary diagnosis and management of the patient with epilepsy / 
The real Wyatt Earp : a documentary biography / 
The descendants of Jeremiah Bowlin (1756-2000) / 
Fashion Asia / 
Aldo Rossi, the sketchbooks 1990-1997 / 
The smart approach to kids' rooms / 
Shōgun total war : Prima's official strategy guide / 
And today I am happy / 
Advanced home gardening : cutting-edge growing techniques for gardeners / 
Collecting Little golden books : a collector's identification and price guide / 
Twined rag rugs : tradition in the making / 
Super '70s : cars of the disco decade / 
The Kiln book : materials, specifications & construction / 
A beginner's guide to glass engraving / 
Living with wildlife / 
Woman's guide to hunting : learn to hunt pheasant, turkey, waterfowl, deer / 
Lawrence R. Koller's shots at whitetails : a deer hunting classic / 
Celebrating twenty years, BET black star power / 
Fundamentals of interface and colloid science / 
Dictionary on Lie algebras and superalgebras / 
Instant negotiator : the complete guide to building wealth and creating happiness / 
Alzheimer disease : the changing view / 
Big book of border gateway protocol (BGP) RFCs / 
Geometric measure theory : a beginner's guide / 
The way it was when grandma was a girl : growing up on a Wisconsin farm, 1925-1945 / 
Hearing : its physiology and pathophysiology / 
Development of the nervous system / 
Conquering Canaan : victorious living within your reach / 
Computational analysis of convection heat transfer / 
Qigong for treating common ailments : the essential guide to self-healing / 
Northern Shaolin sword / 
101 reflections on tai chi chuan / 
Our family history / 
Caspar David Friedrich / 
The loud splash / 
The super salad / 
The great race / 
The big storm / 
Ernest Hemingway rediscovered / 
World adventure : 
James Welling : photographs, 1974-1999 / 
Servant of the shard / 
Sharks! : strange and wonderful / 
Daisy the firecow / 
Love me, love you / 
Emma Jo's song / 
California courtroom evidence / 
Red Hat Linux Network toolkit / 
A treasury of traditional wisdom / 
The Middle East in the new millennium : proceedings of a conference, April 12, 1999 / 
Standard C++ bible / 
They earned their stripes : 
Typography primer / 
Gay star signs : how to meet and keep the man of your dreams / 
Confronting the cow : a young family's struggle with breast cancer, loss, and rebuilding / 
The contest problem book VI : American high school mathematics examinations 1989-1994 / 
Along the Monongahela : a history of the early events along the Monongahela and its tributaries / 
Achieving true success : 
Selected poems / 
Snow and other guises / 
Sharon Pollock : essays on her work / 
Wings that stay on : the role of fighter aircraft in war / 
Caterina Edwards : essays on her work / 
The real J. Edgar Hoover : for the record / 
Hills of sacrifice : the 5th RCT in Korea / 
The North American Italian Renaissance : Italian writing in America and Canada / 
The Angelina project : a play in two acts / 
Rudenī brauksim mājās : trimdas stāsti / 
Using Adobe Photoshop 6 / 
Roman de Salvo : fun follows function / 
Charlie's angels casebook / 
The Dark shadows almanac / 
Legal writing by design : a guide to great briefs and memos / 
The complete idiot's guide to Goldmine 5 / 
Upgrading and repairing PCS / 
Appeals and writs in criminal cases / 
The complete idiot's guide to protecting your child online / 
The life of the fly / 
Falling torch : a science fiction novel / 
Knife / 
Beads on bags, 1800s-2000 : with price guide / 
Mad for Newyorktown : dark verse and light / 
Pokémon : trading card game : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Army men : Air combat : Prima's official strategy guide / 
The work of hands / 
Disney's the emperor's new groove : the junior novelization / 
Disney's The Emperor's new groove joke book / 
Giddy-up ghost town / 
Ride 'em rodeo! / 
Special edition using Adobe illustrator 9 / 
Complete idiot's guide to Adobe Photoshop 6 / 
How the Mac works / 
Easy Adobe Photoshop 6 : see it done, do it yourself / 
Fool's gold / 
Bad to the bone / 
Practical firewalls / 
Haunted house hysteria / 
Strangeling / 
This rocks! / 
Optics : light for a new age / 
Another life & other stories / 
The eighth day of the week / 
If you were with me everything would be all right : stories / 
Pronoun music : stories / 
Domestic work : poems / 
As for dream / 
War memorials : a novel / 
And give you peace : a novel / 
Halls of fame : essays / 
Palmetto Cemetery, Ross Road, Brunswick, Glynn County, Georgia / 
An African-American philosophy for the new millennium / 
The life of the caterpillar / 
Zen : explore the mysteries and rituals of this ancient Japanese religion / 
Civil rights litigation : cases and materials / 
Messages from the throne / 
A rambling cowboy's life in poem / 
Healthy food choices : a pure vegetarian recipe book / 
Any more angels in the millennium? / 
Running Qmail / 
Marine fire fighting / 
The cabaret artist's handbook / 
Mastering Microsoft Works Suite 2000 / 
Globalbeliever.com : connecting to God's work in your world / 
Made kindred by the spirit : pursuing the joy of friendships / 
Deepening discipleship : contemporary applictions of biblical commitments / 
Changing ministry in changing times / 
False images / 
Home for the harvest / 
French elementary education and the ecole moderne / 
Torsten Husen : conversations in comparative education / 
Profiles of leadership in education / 
Readings on leadership in education : from the archives of Phi Delta Kappa International / 
American education in the 21st century / 
Vouchers, class size reduction, and student achievement : considering the evidence / 
HTML fast & easy Web development / 
Your seven energy centers : a holistic approach to physical, emotional, and spiritual vitality / 
Gone are the days : jungle hunting for tigers and other game in India and Nepal, 1948-1969 / 
The big five : hunting adventures in today's Africa / 
Greatest elk : a complete historical and illustrated record of North America's biggest elk / 
Marine mammals and low-frequency sound : progress since 1994 / 
The big mango / 
Michael / 
Elements of Nevada legal theories / 
Carolina comfort / 
Peachtree 8 for dummies / 
iMac for dummies quick reference / 
Music online for dummies / 
Creating Web pages for dummies / 
LiveMotion for dummies / 
Illustrator 9 for dummies / 
Outcomes assessment for law schools / 
Ultimate fighting championship : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Sword of the Berserk, Guts' rage : Prima's official strategy guide / 
A thread of kindness : a tzedakah story / 
Clymer Honda CB750 Nighthawk : 
Western sadhus and sannyasins in India / 
Lighting 2000 : a guide to the best in contemporary lighting design / 
Every town needs a downtown church : a history of First Baptist Church, Gainesville, Florida / 
Proceedings of LFNM'2000 / 
Exodus / 
Grandloving : making memories with your grandchildren / 
Put your best foot forward : more little lessons for a happier world / 
How to solve the mind-- body problem / 
Innovative theories, tools, and practices in work and organizational psychology / 
Roger Corman : an unauthorized biography of the godfather of indie filmmaking / 
Vince Gill : an unauthorized biography and musical appreciation of the country superstar / 
John Sayles : an unauthorized biography of the pioneering indie filmmaker / 
Dippin' my spoon / 
The motor vehicle / 
A guide to Nature Conservancy projects in North Carolina / 
The war on Islam / 
Microsoft Access developer's guide to SQL server / 
Win top-of-mind positioning : graphic arts sales and marketing excellence / 
The sourcebook for fire company training evolutions / 
Paid family leave : at what cost? / 
Tracing African-American roots / 
The Church of the Holy Sepulchre / 
Communicating with voters : ethics and judicial campaign speech : self-study guide / 
Rotenone use in fisheries management / 
MCSE 2000 jumpstart : computer and network basics / 
Hungary after a thousand years / 
The diary of Capt. Samuel Tillinghast of Warwick, Rhode Island, 1757-1766 / 
The right conditions : the World Bank, structural adjustment, and forest policy reform / 
Are you ready? / 
Essential eating : a cookbook : discover how to eat, not diet / 
Leisure education specific programs / 
Steel products manual. Strip steel : carbon, high strength, low alloy, and alloy / 
Mother Teresa, called to love / 
Gob's view of World War II : adventures of a sailor both before and in the war of the century / 
Obsession & possession / 
Journey into light / 
Double knits / 
A philosopher's compass / 
An advocate's guide to surviving the SSI system / 
Shanghai remembrance / 
Utah boating guide : maps, descriptions, and photographs of over 100 waters! / 
Mastering 3D Studio Max R3 / 
The making of the Pope of the millennium : kalendarium of life of Karol Wojtyła / 
In spirit & truth : United Methodist worship for the emerging church / 
Life without fear / 
The guardian system : S.T.O.P. abuse risk in your ministry / 
From this day on-- / 
A generation speaks : voices of the Great Depression / 
The complete tradesman : a study of retailing, 1550-1820 / 
Burning point / 
Embedded microcontroller interfacing for M.CORE systems / 
Ministers at the millennium : a survey of preachers in Churches of Christ / 
The descendants of William Dudley and Jane Lutman / 
Getting a word in edgewise / 
Music, patronage, and printing in late Renaissance Florence / 
The last total solar eclipse of the millennium in Turkey / 
Charting culinary courses : 
Hooray for babies! / 
Sams teach yourself Adobe LiveMotion in 24 hours / 
Hamilton County, Ohio, church burial records, 1850-1859 / 
A tribute to John F. Kennedy, Jr. / 
Toyota Tacoma, 4Runner & T100 automotive repair manual / 
Lincoln rear-wheel drive automotive repair manual / 
Wireless application programmer's library / 
Dodge & Plymouth vans automotive repair manual / 
In mixed company : small group communication / 
BMW 3-series automotive repair manual / 
A+ preparation companion / 
The world of dreadlocks / 
A very wealthy man / 
The African American writer's handbook : how to get in print and stay in print / 
Festivals of India : significance of the celebrations / 
Fundamentals of financial management / 
Writing with a thesis : a rhetoric and reader / 
Corwin & Peltason's Understanding the Constitution / 
The Black Rose / 
Catholic prayers / 
Ghoul school / 
Unemployment compensation handbook / 
Virtually safe cigarettes : reviving an opportunity once tragically rejected / 
A historical, literary, and cultural approach to the Korean language / 
Soulbringer : 
Making life work : daily words of encouragement and faith / 
Zippo advertising lighters: cars & trucks / 
CCDA : Cisco Certified Design Associate exam notes / 
Visor! : I didn't know you could do that-- / 
Cabling : the complete guide to network wiring / 
Touched by a saint : personal encounters with Mother Teresa / 
Nobody's child anymore : grieving, caring, and comforting when parents die / 
COMNAP : 
A little too close to God : the thrills and panic of a life in Israel / 
A closer look at comparable worth / 
Hotel "Million Monkeys" and other stories / 
Mathematics for retail buying / 
Mark Anthony Cooper, the iron man of Georgia : a biography / 
Colorado : yesterday & today / 
Sams teach yourself Adobe Illustrator 9 in 24 hours / 
Sams teach yourself WordPerfect Office 2000 for Linux in 24 hours / 
How to use digital video : visually in full color / 
How to use Windows ME : visually in full color / 
PHP developer's cookbook / 
Robert A. Heinlein : a reader's companion / 
High hand / 
Geologic guide to Grand Canyon National Park / 
Electromagnetic nondestructive evaluation (IV) / 
Advances in intelligent systems : theory and applications / 
Instant Web pages! / 
Teach yourself FrontPage 2000 visually / 
Unicode : a primer / 
Baby animal kisses / 
Weal : poems / 
A little book of hugs for friends : 
A little book of hugs for mom : 
A little book of hugs for sisters : inspiration for the heart / 
A little book of hugs for teachers : inspiration for the heart / 
A little book of hugs for women : 
Best-loved romantic traditions / 
Isn't he beautiful? / 
Isn't she beautiful? / 
Discordant comrades : identities and loyalties on the South African Left / 
Crusaders for wildlife : a history of wildlife stewardship in southwestern Colorado / 
San Juan solution : a David Dean mystery / 
Ladies of the lamplight / 
Reaping the whirlwind : a Trent Tyson historical mystery / 
The Gray's anatomy / 
Cutter and Bone / 
Of tender sin / 
Among the believers / 
In too deep / 
A deadly dozen : tales of murder from members of Sisters in Crime/Los Angeles / 
The tycoon and the schoolteacher / 
Vital signs / 
The yard rose / 
Above ground level / 
Love's evidence / 
C trick : sort of a memoir / 
A plague of angels : a Sir Robert Carey mystery / 
Just business / 
Birds of Nepal / 
Whatever happened to daddy's little girl? : the impact of fatherlessness on Black women / 
Stevie's new blood / 
Nature lovers / 
The George Foreman lean mean fat reducing grilling machine cookbook / 
The art of management : insights from an employee's perspective / 
Atget / 
Microsoft IIS 5 administration / 
Practial Microsoft Windows Millennium / 
The complete idiot's guide to Microsoft Windows Millennium / 
Easy Microsoft Windows Me / 
Big book of terminal emulation RFCs / 
Mergers and acquisitions : understanding the antitrust issues / 
Spectral data for highly ionized atoms : Ti, V, Cr, Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, Cu, Kr, and Mo / 
The theology of crime and the paradox of freedom : 
Handbook of diversity in parent education : the changing faces of parenting and parent education / 
QuickTime for the Web : a hands-on guide for webmasters, site designers, and HTML authors / 
FileMaker Pro 5 companion / 
Blaze finds the trail / 
Daniel, Wyoming : the first hundred years : a history of Daniel and surrounding areas / 
Handbook of business data communication : a managerial perspective / 
General circulation model development / 
Fossil shells from Western Oregon : a guide to identification / 
The 90-day immune system makeover / 
The final buzzer / 
Cuban kids / 
Policeman Small / 
Managed care and pain / 
One last good-bye / 
Shannon's way / 
Manhunter / 
How to meditate / 
Give your face a lift : natural ways to look and feel good / 
Anxiety and depression : a natural approach / 
The tall ships / 
Pennsylvania family law discovery forms / 
Cats, cats, and more cats / 
Trust on trial : how the Microsoft case is reframing the rules of competition / 
The spark of life : Darwin and the primeval soup / 
The real work of leaders : a report from the front lines of management / 
The male mind at work : a woman's guide to working with men / 
The irreducible needs of children : what every child must have to grow, learn, and flourish / 
Soul food : 52 principles of black entrepreneurial success / 
The dry fly and fast water : a master's advice on fishing the dry fly / 
Top rated Western adventures : guest ranches, pack trips & cattle drives in North America/ 
Top rated freshwater fishing in North America / 
An undiplomatic diary / 
Holocaust in Romania : facts and documents on the annihilation of Romania's Jews, 1940-1944 / 
The path of the mother / 
The mighty hand of God / 
For golden friends I had : an account of a lifelong love affair with the village of Cotuit / 
California mortgage and deed of trust practice / 
The marriage of spirit : enlightened living in today's world / 
Pacific gateway : an illustrated history of the Port of Oakland / 
Circuit riders to crusades : essays in Missouri Methodist history / 
Happy Valentine's Day, Pooh / 
Resident Evil, survivor : Prima's official strategy guide / 
The cross : love's necessity / 
Top rated paddling adventures : canoeing, kayaking & rafting in North America / 
Act on it! : solving 101 of the toughest management challenges / 
Top rated fly fishing : salt & freshwaters in North America / 
Top rated saltwater fishing : bays, estuaries, flats & offshore in North America / 
Pooh's fall harvest / 
Pooh's sled ride : / 
If all the swords in England / 
The star guide / 
Mapping the skies / 
The tickly monster / 
Thomas Wolfe revisited / 
Hodges' Harbrace handbook / 
The David E. Clippinger story : a family chronicle / 
The march inland : origins of the ILWU Warehouse Division, 1934-1938 / 
Parenting tips for the strung out mom and dad : a tool kit / 
Historic views of old Mercersburg : the jewelbox of Franklin County / 
What two can do : Sam & Mandy Stellman's crusade for social justice / 
Barn sneeze / 
The bus for us / 
This is the ocean / 
On the trail of Sacagawea / 
Take out : queer writing from Asian Pacific America / 
Orthodontics at 2000 / 
Coyote and badger : desert hunters of the Southwest / 
Light and shade / 
Mix & match animal & star signs / 
Tectonic studies of Asia and the Pacific rim : a tribute to Benjamin M. Page (1911-1997) / 
The courage to be / 
Contemporary diagnosis and management of obesity / 
Compensation decision making / 
The spirit of the liturgy / 
A pilgrim's journey : the autobiography of Ignatius of Loyola / 
Portfolio practices : lessons from schools, districts, and states / 
Anima Christi : soul of Christ / 
Molecular mechanisms of signal transduction / 
Teaching phonics in the literature-based classroom / 
Access 2000 programming weekend crash course / 
Love, labor and laughter / 
173 pre-prohibition cocktails : potations so good they scandalized a president / 
Common themes in myth and religion : a developmental reader / 
Proceedings / 
Effective communication skills for scientific and technical professionals / 
The queen's head / 
Beer advertising : knives, letter openers, ice picks, cigar cutters, and more / 
Photographs / 
Ida Mae : a novel / 
Your dream : God's plan / 
Pondering another passage / 
Playing grandma's games / 
Albatrosses / 
Drawing fire : Vietnam through the eyes of a combat artist / 
Five-star girls' basketball drills / 
Mom's handy book of backyard games / 
Sword of a champion : the story of Sharon Monplaisir / 
A drive to win : the story of Nancy Lieberman-Cline / 
Dying for love : the plain truth about homosexuality / 
The crest of the peacock : the non-european roots of mathematics / 
God, evil, and suffering : essays in honor of Paul R. Sponheim / 
Take care of yourself : the complete illustrated guide to medical self-care / 
Managing the dream : reflections on leadership and change / 
Sizing up a start-up : decoding the new frontier of career opportunities / 
Asian advantage : key strategies for winning in the Asia-Pacific region / 
Human resource development : the new trainer's guide / 
The Higgs hunter's guide / 
An introduction to the theory of superfluidity / 
Modern theory of critical phenomena / 
The eightfold way : with new contributions from the authors / 
Qualitative methods in quantum theory / 
Quantum kinematics and dynamics / 
3D Studio MAX 3 magic / 
Saturn V : 
Giving it some thought : cases for early childhood practice / 
Man in the trap / 
Proceedings of the 2000 Total Life Cycle Conference : 
Bitter recoil / 
Teachers who learn, kids who achieve : 
All-knowing, all-merciful, and other stories / 
Advancing the status of women worldwide : 
Sampson : United States Navy WW II veterans / 
Winter warriors / 
Perrine's sound and sense : an introduction to poetry / 
Readings for writers / 
Religion and American culture / 
American ways : a brief history of American cultures / 
Ouvertures : cours intermédiaire de français / 
Entretiens : cours de conversation / 
The writer's Harbrace handbook / 
Literature : reading, reacting, writing / 
A pocketful of essays / 
The journey : stories / 
Archie's little girl : daughter, wife, mom, survivor / 
Brief principles of macroeconomics / 
New pup on the block / 
So big! / 
WebTV for dummies / 
C++ for dummies / 
Microsoft Windows Me millennium edition for dummies / 
Internet Explorer 5.5 for Windows for dummies / 
Microsoft Office 2001 for Macs for dummies / 
Handspring visor for dummies / 
2000 IEEE Workshop on Speech Coding : 
Pattern recognition and applications / 
CBEST / 
XML for dummies / 
The Internet for Microsoft Windows Me Millennium Edition for dummies / 
Juvenile justice with eyes open : methods for improving information for juvenile justice / 
My first millennium / 
Russian-Soviet spaceflight and the Mir space station [computer file] / 
Two fast? : having a second baby within three years of the first / 
Be your own coach : your pathway to possibility / 
The illuminated history of darkness : an intellectual adventure / 
This child of mine : a therapist's journey / 
The Harcourt guide to MLA documentation / 
The evolution of adaptive systems / 
Dictionary of acoustics / 
Encyclopedia of nationalism / 
Between friends / 
Jessica Simpson / 
Bee happy : it's your birthday / 
Hepatitis C : biomedical research reports / 
Adult sweaters : knitting seamless raglan top down / 
Children's sweaters and hats : knitting seamless raglan top down / 
Memories of God and creation : remembering from the subconscious mind / 
The vivaxis connection : healing through earth energies / 
Moments of grace : when God touches our lives unexpectedly / 
Dream-house / 
Intrinsic and extrinsic motivation : the search for optimal motivation and performance / 
Satellite altimetry and earth sciences : a handbook of techniques and applications / 
The neurospora compendium : chromosomal loci / 
Trined in twilight / 
True heroines : police women killed in the line of duty throughout the United States, 1916-1999 / 
The legacy of Daedalus : 
Processing of high-temperature superconductors at high strain rates / 
Biofilms : investigative methods & applications / 
Herbs, botanicals & teas / 
Trends in food engineering / 
Sweet dreams, little one / 
Flower / 
Through the shopping glass : a century of New York Christmas windows / 
Vincent Van Gogh / 
Michelangelo : the Sistine Chapel / 
Sams teach yourself Transact-SQL in 21 days / 
Sams teach yourself SQL Server 2000 in 21 days / 
Scot Hillier's COM+ programming with Visual Basic / 
Eyes on track : a missing link to successful learning / 
The midwife's song : a story of Moses' birth / 
Crossing the desert : Lent and conversion / 
Hair raiser / 
Kashmir Shaivism : the secret supreme / 
The high traverse : a novel / 
The drinking of spirits : stories / 
Barney's color train / 
Building self esteem : the Christian dimension / 
Brooklyn pops up / 
Lietuviškasis švietimas Šiaurės Amerikoje / 
Krause-Minkus standard catalog of Israel stamps : listings 1948-1999 / 
I'm the other one : the autobiography of Michael J. Landini, Sr. / 
Take back your life! : travel full-time in an RV / 
The practice of wholeness : spiritual transformation in everyday life / 
The revolutionary's confession / 
Jungle journey / 
James Ira Clark, April 26, 1801-June 7, 1850, ancestors and descendants / 
Literature : reading, reacting, writing / 
Why I became a Catholic : a timeless conversion story / 
Reflection on fifty years of ministry / 
Executing the estate plan and the new IRS regs : practical answers to probate problems / 
Timothy whale's rainbow / 
Kandoo Kangaroo hops into homeschool / 
Exploring the world of chemistry : from ancient metals to high-speed computers / 
Treasures in the Psalms / 
The God who is real / 
Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian : the men and the mutiny / 
When mothers touch heaven / 
Faith is stranger than fiction / 
Fabulous after 50 / 
When He appears : Christ's final steps in preparing us for His coming / 
Living for Christ in the end times : balancing today with the hope of tomorrow / 
365 fascinating facts from the world of discovery / 
Copper in drinking water / 
Tools of the writing trade : crafting thoughtful paragraphs and essays / 
Reporting for the media / 
Managerial economics in a global economy / 
The second Umayyad Caliphate : the articulation of caliphal legitimacy in al-Andalus / 
Creating motion graphics with After Effects / 
Man with a squirrel / 
Today's hottest die-cast vehicles / 
Decoys : North America's one hundred greatest / 
Warman's advertising : [a value and identification guide] / 
Terrific tassels & fabulous fringe / 
N scale model railroading / 
Winchester rarities / 
Toy shop's action figure : price guide / 
Warman's American furniture / 
Guided by angels : divinely inspired paintings / 
Mind as mosaic : the robot in the machine / 
Workplace safety in action : accident investigation : the step-by-step approach for supervisors / 
Workplace safety in action : 
Samuel L. Schmucker : the discovery of his lost art / 
Ceramic and glassware style : paint your own tableware, glassware, and decorative objects / 
Back to Jerusalem : church planting movements in the Holy Land / 
Information technology and the networked economy / 
Awake o north wind / 
Make music while you can : my story / 
Frases de sabiduria : ideario / 
Ashgate handbook of pesticides and agricultural chemicals / 
Kentucky Baptists, 1925-2000 : a story of cooperation / 
White women  / 
Microsoft active directory administration / 
Canterbury quintet : the general prologue and four tales / 
Essentials of economics / 
The boxer : family favorite / 
Live steam : paddlewheel steamboats on the Mississippi system / 
Below the beltway : America's best loved cultural and political icons/ 
Conference proceedings : 
Spirit in action : moving meditations for peace, insight, and personal power / 
Cognitive psychology / 
Understanding motivation and emotion / 
Research design explained / 
Two best buddy tales / 
Cornerstones of psychology : readings in the history of psychology / 
Encounters : new art from old / 
The bridge of faith : access to the kingdom of God / 
Big book of best current practices (BCP) RFCs / 
Falun Gong's challenge to China : spiritual practice or "evil cult"? / 
Handbook of bioseparations / 
An executive guide to employing consultants / 
Barbie : a happy holiday / 
The GATF practical guide to color management / 
Informal estate proceedings in Michigan / 
Human resource selection / 
Building a speech / 
Basic marketing research / 
Crackle glass in color : depression to '70s : with price guide / 
Internationalization with Visual Basic / 
C++ Builder 5 developer's guide / 
The ultimate young and the restless trivia book / 
Grey wolves howling : a novel of Chechnya / 
Street fighter EX2 plus : Prima's official strategy guide / 
The Catholic martyrs of the twentieth century : a comprehensive world history / 
To try the bloody law : the story of Mary Dyer / 
Mastering NetWare 5.1 / 
Interplay : the process of interpersonal communication / 
MCSE: Windows 2000 server study guide / 
Potpourri from kettle land / 
Oracle and Visual Basic developer's handbook / 
Year of the smoke girl : a novel / 
CCNA Cisco certified network associate study guide / 
Sat2000 : highlights of satisfiability research in the year 2000 / 
Watercolor fun and free / 
Winning ways to learn : 600 great ideas for children, ages 3, 4 & 5 / 
Winning ways to learn : 600 great ideas for children / 
Boredom blasters / 
Land America leaves wild / 
1st European Conference on Universal Multiservice Networks : 
MCSE Windows 2000 professional study guide / 
History of Gum Branch Baptist Church, Darlington County, SC, 1789-1989 / 
Intercalation compounds for battery materials : proceedings of the international symposium / 
A life of James Boswell / 
Handbook of advanced electronic and photonic materials and devices / 
Psychoneuroimmunology / 
Transfer of learning : cognition, instruction, and reasoning / 
Give back my body : parodies, light verse, and some poems by an aging poetaster / 
Stock car champions : running with NASCAR's best / 
Cisco routers 24seven / 
Software testing / 
Reflections / 
Roses in the Southern garden / 
Cakewalk power! / 
Linux for your laptop / 
iMovie : fast & easy / 
Integrate Linux solutions into your Windows network / 
Medievil II : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Fortification and settlement in crusader Palestine / 
Structural iron and steel, 1850-1900 / 
Church and crown in the fourteenth century : studies in European history and political thought / 
Thomas Harriot : an Elizabethan man of science / 
Great disguise : poems / 
My life and the Paradise Garage : keep on dancin' / 
Praying with John Wesley / 
Geology of pluton-related gold mineralization at Battle Mountain, Nevada / 
Treasures of heaven in the stuff of earth / 
Must there be scapegoats? : violence and redemption in the Bible / 
Constitutional issues in correctional administration / 
Beyond amalgam / 
Psyche's child : the story of psychology / 
Star Wars, episode I, Jedi Power Battles : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Ogre Battle 64 : person of lordly caliber : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Building with the breath of life : working with Chi energy in our homes and communities / 
New directions : African Americans in a diversifying nation / 
Solaris system management / 
Inside XML / 
Solaris 8 essential reference / 
Hackers beware / 
Network intrusion detection : an analyst's handbook / 
Cult movies / 
Sanity : Aiken's Artifact : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Space channel 5 : Prima's official strategy guide / 
George Segal : nightscapes, April 14-May 27, 2000 / 
Starting off with shapes / 
Starting off with adding and subtracting / 
Starting off with counting / 
Halloween : imaginative holiday ideas / 
Zippers, buttons, and bows / 
The essential monster movie guide : a century of creature features on film, TV, and video / 
Windows NT/2000 network security / 
Italian intermezzo : 
Icons of film : the 20th century / 
Photos that changed the world : the 20th century / 
David Hockney : paintings / 
Henri Rousseau : dreams of the jungle / 
Amedeo Modigliani : portraits and nudes / 
Conversations with I.M. Pei : light is the key / 
Principles of macroeconomics / 
Hallen Expo 8 + 9 / 
Principles of microeconomics / 
Solar power : the evolution of sustainable architecture / 
The complete hiker : everything you'll need for a day or a month on the trail / 
India holy song / 
Entre nosotros / 
The journal of Johann Michael Lindenmuth (1737-1812) / 
Fifth International Conference on Mathematical and Numerical Aspects of Wave Propagation / 
An introduction to mathematical fire modeling / 
Nine visits to the mythworld / 
Motifs : an introduction to French / 
Earth 2150 : Prima's official strategy guide / 
Making America : a history of the United States / 
The writer's express : a paragraph and essay text with readings / 
Feature interactions in telecommunications and software systems VI / 
Inside freight train / 
On the Scent of Trouble / 
Kaleidoscope : readings in education / 
Those who can, teach / 
The official BBMak scrapbook / 
Reading and writing from literature / 
Precalculus / 
Retribution / 
The bayou privilege / 
Ethnic jewelry from Africa, Europe, & Asia / 
Skateboard retrospective : a collector's guide / 
The Union dead of the Florence Stockade / 
Apollo and America's moon landing program [electronic resource] : major NASA documents / 
Creating choices : a creative prevention program for youth / 
Global climate change and its consequences on the Gulf Coast Region of the United States / 
At Spillis Candela and Partners / 
Interconnect and contact metallization for ULSI : proceedings of the international symposium / 
Kids rule the world : an interactive internet writing kit / 
Your injury : a common sense guide to sports injuries / 
Diffractive optics and micro-optics : 
Brassaï : the monograph / 
Window style : blinds, curtains, screens, shutters / 
Sex, drugs & the Twinkie murders / 
The collector as patron in the twentieth century : 
Straw dreams / 
A student's guide to history / 
The rhetorical tradition : readings from classical times to the present / 
Literature and its writers : an introduction to fiction, poetry, and drama / 
Literature and its writers : an introduction to fiction, poetry, and drama / 
The Bedford introduction to drama / 
Technical communication / 
Thinking and writing about literature : a text and anthology / 
Structuring paragraphs and essays : a guide to effective writing / 
Ways of making literature matter : a brief guide / 
America firsthand / 
Icewind Dale : official strategies & secrets / 
MP3! / 
Outer space communications : making contact with alien civilizations / 
